{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for managing and reporting deprecations of policy elements, including handling deprecated fields, filters, actions, and related documentation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via method parameters such as 'data' in 'check' methods, and from attributes like 'source.data' and 'source.deprecations'. It also accesses external references such as 'policy', 'policy.conditions', 'policy.resource_manager', and 'footnotes' objects.",
  "sinks": "The code generates strings for reporting and logging purposes, such as via '__str__' methods and 'format()' functions. It does not perform any system calls, network operations, or write to files directly. No untrusted data flows into critical system operations or external commands.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., 'data') is checked against deprecation conditions in 'check' methods. These conditions trigger report generation and string formatting for documentation. No data is passed into potentially dangerous sinks such as system commands or network connections.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes no obfuscated or suspicious code structures. It employs standard class inheritance, string formatting, and conditional logic. No hard-coded credentials or backdoors are present. The 'check' methods are straightforward and only evaluate data presence or conditions.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured framework for deprecation management, including deprecation types, reporting, and context handling. It uses safe string operations and simple data checks. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage. All functions serve legitimate purposes related to deprecation warnings and documentation. The data flow is limited to internal logic, with no external system or network interactions observed.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate implementation of a deprecation management system, designed for internal use within a larger codebase. It contains no malicious or suspicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The only potential concern would be if untrusted data were improperly fed into 'check' methods, but as implemented, it is used for benign condition checks. Overall, the code appears safe and purely functional.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}