{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate a human-readable string representation of PySpark DataType structures, likely for debugging, logging, or schema visualization.",
  "sources": "Reads data types and schema definitions from function parameters, especially instances of StructType, ArrayType, and StructField.",
  "sinks": "None explicitly evident; the code primarily constructs strings based on schema objects.",
  "flows": "Data type objects (sources) are processed through recursive function calls to produce formatted string representations.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated class and method names; use of string concatenation and multiple layers of method calls that do not perform any data modification other than string formatting. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code structures are present. The code contains references to potential schema components but no suspicious network or system actions.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class with methods to recursively process PySpark schema objects, such as StructType, ArrayType, and StructField, generating formatted string descriptions. It uses recursion to handle nested schemas, with functions for indentation and string formatting. There are no indications of data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious behavior. The function names and variable names are obfuscated, which is typical in intentionally complex or minified code, but this does not necessarily imply malicious intent. The code is consistent with schema visualization or pretty-printing functionality. No suspicious activities or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility for pretty-printing PySpark schemas, with obfuscated but straightforward logic. There are no signs of malware, malicious backdoors, or security risks. The obfuscation seems to serve code concealment rather than malicious purposes. Overall, the code poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}