{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes to send notifications via Discord and Telegram webhooks, primarily for messaging purposes within larger applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from method parameters such as URLs, tokens, chat IDs, message content, embed dictionaries, and file paths. It also reads files from the filesystem when attaching files to Discord messages.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows into HTTP POST requests made via the requests library to Discord and Telegram APIs. Potential sinks include the webhook URLs, tokens, chat IDs, message content, embeds, and files, which could be manipulated if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Untrusted inputs such as webhook URLs, tokens, chat IDs, and message content are assigned to class attributes and subsequently included in HTTP request payloads sent to external API endpoints. Files are read from disk and included in multipart requests to Discord. These data flows from input parameters to network requests.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain obvious anomalies or hidden code. It performs standard validation of URLs, tokens, and IDs. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The presence of print statements in a library context is unusual but not malicious. File existence checks could be used to confirm local file access but are standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code defines webhook classes for Discord and Telegram, validating inputs such as URLs, tokens, and IDs. It constructs payloads and sends requests via the requests library. There are no dynamic code executions, obfuscated constructs, or suspicious logic. File handling is standard and limited to local filesystem access. No data exfiltration or malicious network activity is embedded in the logic. The purpose is clear: to facilitate messaging, with proper input validation, and no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of notification webhook classes with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It securely handles input validation and performs expected actions for messaging. There are no indicators of malware or malicious data leaks. Overall, the code is benign and aligned with its described purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}