{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes for sending messages via Discord and Telegram webhooks, including setting message content, embedding media, and attaching files.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from method arguments such as URLs, content, username, avatar URL, thread name, applied tags, files, bot tokens, chat IDs, message texts, and parse modes.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or misuse could occur if untrusted input (like URLs, tokens, or message content) is sent to external services or used in network requests. Specifically, requests to Discord and Telegram APIs are sinks.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., URLs, message content, tokens) flows from method parameters into request payloads and is sent via HTTP POST requests to external APIs.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials or secrets; it relies on parameters for sensitive data. It performs basic validation on URLs and tokens but does not include any obfuscated or malicious code. The print statement at the beginning ('Hi from Dispatchy :D') is benign and likely for debugging or greeting.",
  "analysis": "The code provides well-structured classes for webhook messaging, with input validation for URLs, tokens, and IDs. It dynamically constructs HTTP requests to Discord and Telegram APIs, including optional media and message formatting. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. All data flows are controlled via method inputs. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as covert data leaks, malicious payloads, or hidden network activity are evident. The code adheres to standard practices for API interaction, with proper exception handling. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate, intended for sending webhook messages to Discord and Telegram. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks beyond the typical risks associated with sending untrusted data to external APIs. Proper validation is in place for input parameters, and no signs of sabotage or malware are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}