{
  "purpose": "This module provides classes for sending notifications via Discord and Telegram webhooks, primarily for integrating messaging features into applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads user-provided webhook URLs, tokens, chat IDs, and message contents. It also reads files specified for uploading in Discord messages.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data such as webhook URLs, tokens, chat IDs, message content, and files could be used maliciously if misused. The requests are sent directly to external APIs. Files are opened for reading and sent over the network.",
  "flows": "User input (webhook URL, token, chat ID, message content, files) flows into data payloads, which are then transmitted via POST requests to external APIs (Discord or Telegram). Files are read and included in requests, and all user-provided strings are used directly in network calls.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious logic is evident. URL validation is basic but present. No code appears to modify system state, execute external commands, or hide behavior. No backdoors or hidden logic are present. The print statement at the beginning could be benign or trivial logging.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard validation on user input such as URLs, tokens, chat IDs, and message content. It constructs payloads for web requests and sends notifications to external messaging services. Files are read for upload purposes, with proper existence checks. The overall structure follows expected patterns for webhook notification classes, with no signs of malicious activity or obfuscation. The only minor concern could be the print statement, but it is benign. The URL validation is simple but not malicious. The code does not include any hidden or malicious logic, data exfiltration, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate implementation of webhook notification classes without malicious intent. It performs input validation, constructs network requests, and sends data to external APIs responsibly. There are no signs of malware or security risks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}