{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for handling credentials, constructing HTTP requests, parsing API responses, and managing errors for a Python SDK interacting with Skyflow services.",
  "sources": "Environment variables ('SKYFLOW_CREDENTIALS'), user-provided parameters, request headers, request body, and API response content.",
  "sinks": "Network requests (via requests.Request), JSON serialization/deserialization, and error handling which may process untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Sensitive environment data flows into credential retrieval functions; user inputs influence request construction; API responses are parsed and processed; error handlers interpret API errors and data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors detected. Code follows standard patterns for API interaction. Usage of json.loads and json.dumps is typical, with no evident obfuscation or misuse. The handling of response content and error responses is standard. No suspicious code constructs, such as dynamic eval or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms, are present.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically retrieves credentials from environment variables and parameters, ensuring credentials are not hardcoded. Input validation is performed on API keys and URL parameters. HTTP request construction uses standard libraries and practices, with proper error handling. Response parsing functions handle expected data formats without executing untrusted code. Error handling functions interpret API errors securely, with no signs of data leakage or malicious data processing. No obfuscated or suspicious behavior is apparent; the code appears to be legitimate SDK utility functions for API interactions.",
  "conclusion": "This code does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. It implements standard, well-understood patterns for configuration, HTTP request construction, response parsing, and error handling. No signs of sabotage, backdoors, or malware are detected. Overall, the code appears safe and appropriate for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}