{
  "purpose": "Define paginators for AWS Glue service client with type annotations and documentation links.",
  "sources": "Imports from sys, typing, botocore.paginate, and local type definitions; class definitions with method signatures and type annotations.",
  "sinks": "The paginate methods accept untrusted keyword arguments (**kwargs) and pass them to the underlying Paginator.paginate() method; no direct data sinks such as network, file, or environment variable usage detected.",
  "flows": "Source: **kwargs in paginate methods -> flow into Paginator.paginate() call -> outputs PageIterator with response type. No malicious data flow observed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns. The code is a straightforward, type-annotated wrapper for AWS paginators with documentation links. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or unsafe behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple paginator classes inheriting from a generic Paginator base, with type annotations for request and response types. Each class implements a paginate() method that unpacks its parameters via Unpack[...] and returns a PageIterator with specific response types. There are no external data sources, no network or file writes, and no dynamic code execution. The code relies solely on well-structured class inheritance and type annotations to facilitate type checking and documentation. All elements appear standard and legitimate for a SDK wrapper. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior are present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured set of paginator class definitions for AWS Glue, with no malicious intent or security risks. It serves as a type-annotated wrapper for AWS SDK paginators, designed to enhance type safety and documentation. No malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}