{
  "purpose": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for the 'novactl' CLI tool, which manages OAuth2/OIDC authentication flows, token storage, and command execution. It verifies various functionalities such as login, logout, token refresh, and command behaviors using extensive mocking.",
  "sources": "Network request functions (requests.post), token storage and retrieval via mock keyring, time functions for timeout simulation, and CLI command inputs.",
  "sinks": "No actual data leaks or untrusted data execution; tokens are stored in a mock keyring, and network interactions are simulated. No secrets are hardcoded; all data is controlled within tests.",
  "flows": "CLI commands invoke functions that read tokens from mock keyring (source), perform mocked network requests (intermediate), and output status or store tokens back (sink). No real data flows outside the controlled test environment.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors are present. The code is straightforward and uses standard testing practices.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured test suite employing mocks for network, keyring, and time, with no hardcoded secrets or malicious payloads. It covers various scenarios, including success, failure, timeout, and token refresh. No signs of malicious activity, sabotage, or obfuscation are detected. The tokens are generated and validated within the test context, and no real secrets or external calls are made. The code's purpose is to verify functionality, not to perform any harmful operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, well-structured test suite with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain threats. It employs standard practices and mocks all external interactions, ensuring no real secrets or vulnerabilities are exposed. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and security risk score is 0, aligning with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}