{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this code is to scrape free proxy lists from multiple websites, filter them based on specified criteria, and test which proxies are working, ultimately providing a usable proxy URL.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external websites via HTTP requests in the get_proxy_list method and during proxy health checks in __check_if_proxy_is_working.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink is the use of untrusted proxy addresses to route requests through possibly malicious proxies, which can be exploited for man-in-the-middle or data interception. Also, the code constructs URLs dynamically for requests.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external websites (proxies lists) to the code via requests.get in get_proxy_list, then filtered and stored. The proxy addresses are tested in __check_if_proxy_is_working). If successful, the proxy URL is returned for use.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not appear to contain obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution. It uses straightforward requests and lxml parsing. No hardcoded credentials or secret keys are present. The only unusual aspect is the dynamic use of proxies for network requests, but this aligns with its purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code fetches proxy lists from trusted public sources and tests their validity by attempting to connect through them. It handles request exceptions and retries with different parameters if no proxies are initially working. No hardcoded secrets or malicious payloads are detected. The proxy validation uses the socket information to confirm the IP address matches expectations, which is a standard technique. No suspicious or malicious activities are evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate proxy scraper and tester with no evidence of malicious intent. It does not contain obfuscated or malicious code, nor does it perform any malicious actions such as data exfiltration or backdoor access. The only concern is its reliance on proxies, which could be malicious if the source proxies are compromised, but this is inherent in proxy usage rather than malicious code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}