{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this code is to scrape and verify free proxy servers from various online sources, filter them based on certain criteria, and return a working proxy for use in network requests.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the proxy list web pages fetched via HTTP GET requests (e.g., 'https://free-proxy-list.net', 'https://www.us-proxy.org', etc.). The code also reads user-defined filtering parameters provided during object instantiation.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the `requests.get` calls used to test proxy validity, and the proxy addresses that are returned and potentially used for subsequent requests.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the URLs fetched (sources) to parsing of HTML content, filtering based on criteria, and finally attempting to use proxies to verify connectivity. If proxies are verified, their addresses are returned for use.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns are evident. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated segments. The use of external libraries appears standard for proxy scraping and HTTP requests. The logic is straightforward, with no hidden or misleading behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code fetches proxy lists from specified URLs, parses HTML to extract proxy IPs and ports, filters proxies based on criteria such as country, anonymity, and HTTPS support, and tests if proxies are working by making a request through each. It retries with different URLs if no working proxy is found. No code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity is present. The flow is consistent with a proxy scraper and validator. The logic is transparent, with no anomalies or obfuscated patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard proxy scraper and validator without any signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs network requests, HTML parsing, filtering, and testing of proxies in a typical manner. There are no indicators of malicious intent or backdoors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}