{
  "purpose": "The code implements a proxy scraper and checker that retrieves proxy lists from various online sources, filters them based on criteria such as country, anonymity, and HTTPS support, and verifies their functionality by attempting to connect through them.",
  "sources": "Input data is retrieved from external proxy list websites via HTTP requests; proxies are used in network requests to check connectivity.",
  "sinks": "Proxies are used in network requests to test proxy functionality. The IP address is extracted from proxies for validation.",
  "flows": "The code fetches proxy lists from external websites, filters based on criteria, then attempts to connect through each proxy to verify it. Verified proxies are returned.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments identified. No obfuscated code present. Proxy IPs and URLs are dynamically fetched, not hardcoded.",
  "analysis": "The script retrieves proxy lists from public sources, filters based on user-defined criteria, and checks proxy functionality by making HTTP requests through each proxy. The code handles exceptions gracefully, raising custom exceptions if requests fail or if list parsing fails. The proxy verification involves connecting to a target URL via proxies and confirming the IP matches the proxy IP, which is a standard method for proxy validation. No indicators of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or unauthorized system access are present. The only potential concern is the use of proxies in network requests, which could be misused if combined with malicious external inputs, but within this context, the implementation is benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs proxy scraping and validation using standard techniques without malicious intent or suspicious behaviors. It does not contain hidden backdoors, malicious payloads, or data leaks. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}