{
  "purpose": "The code scrapes proxy lists from multiple public sources, filters proxies based on specified criteria (country, anonymity, HTTPS), and verifies their functionality by making network requests through them.",
  "sources": "External websites via HTTP requests, parsing HTML content to extract proxy IPs and ports.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to test proxies by connecting to a specified URL through the proxies.",
  "flows": "Fetch proxy list from website → parse HTML to extract proxies → filter proxies based on criteria → attempt network request through each proxy → verify if proxy is working → return a working proxy.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded credentials, obfuscation, or backdoors detected. The code uses standard libraries and techniques.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard proxy scraping and validation without malicious intent. It fetches proxy lists, filters proxies based on criteria like country and anonymity, and tests proxies by making HTTP requests to verify their functionality. No obfuscated code, malicious payloads, or suspicious network activity are present. The validation method compares the IP address seen by the target URL with the proxy IP, a common approach. The code relies on external sources, which could provide malicious proxies, but this is inherent in proxy usage, not a flaw in the code. The malware score is therefore 0, as no malicious code or behavior is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is straightforward. The security risk score is low (around 0.2), reflecting the inherent risks of using proxies from public sources, but not due to malicious code within the script.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard proxy scraper and validator with no malicious intent or behavior. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, security risk: 0.2) are justified and consistent with the code's functionality. No adjustments are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}