{
  "purpose": "The code implements a console-based menu system allowing user interaction through menu items, with threading support for concurrent operation.",
  "sources": "Input is read via self.screen.input(), which is presumably from user keyboard input; data is also read indirectly through callable attributes such as title, subtitle, prologue_text, epilogue_text.",
  "sinks": "User input leads to selection actions, but no external data sinks (like network or file output) are explicitly present; the code mainly manages internal control flow and display.",
  "flows": "User input (source) triggers selection and navigation within menu items, leading to actions executed by menu items. No external data flows are apparent.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code structure appears standard for a menu system. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or misleading variable usage. The presence of threading is standard for UI responsiveness.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for a console menu with threading support for non-blocking interaction. It uses input handling to navigate and select menu options, with flexibility for callable titles and texts. There are methods for adding/removing menu items, handling exit logic, and controlling menu flow. No data is transmitted externally or stored maliciously. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious patterns are present. The threading implementation is straightforward for UI operation. The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a console menu system, with no malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard console menu system implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not include network connections, data leaks, or hidden functionalities. The threading and input handling are typical for such applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}