{
  "purpose": "This code implements a console-based menu system with classes for menus and menu items, enabling interactive selection and navigation.",
  "sources": "Data is read from user input via self.screen.input(), and internal class attributes such as title, subtitle, and item texts may be accessed or called.",
  "sinks": "User input received via get_input() influences menu navigation and selection, affecting the flow of control. The only external interaction is through os.system() in clear_terminal(), which executes platform-specific commands to clear the terminal screen.",
  "flows": "User input flows from get_input() to process_user_input(), which updates current_option or triggers action() on menu items. Selected item actions may modify state or trigger further behavior; however, no external data is sent or received beyond input and screen output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. The only external effect is terminal clearing via os.system('reset'/'cls'), which is a standard operation. No obfuscation, hidden code, or dynamic code execution detected. Methods are straightforward and typical for menu handling.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a menu system with classes for menu display and item actions, managing user input and menu navigation. Input is handled via self.screen.input(), with no external data sources or insecure data handling. Menu items are user-defined actions with hooks for setup and cleanup, but no embedded malicious code. The only system call is to clear the terminal screen, which is standard and non-malicious. No hardcoded secrets or external communications are present. The design is typical for CLI menus and does not exhibit malicious behavior or sabotage techniques.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a console menu system with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It interacts solely with user input and terminal display, with no external data leaks, backdoors, or suspicious behavior detected. It appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}