{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for encryption, decryption, key management, and YAML file handling, primarily for cryptographic key operations and data encoding/decoding.",
  "sources": "Reads include file operations (loading keys and YAML files), input parameters for encryption/decryption functions, and data from base64 encoding/decoding functions.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include writing key files, encrypted/decrypted data, and modified YAML files. Functions also print encrypted data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs (files, function parameters, encoding functions) through cryptographic operations and YAML processing, to outputs such as files, print statements, and return values.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes several obfuscated variable names, complex nested functions, and dynamic YAML constructor/representer registrations, which complicate understanding. There are multiple functions that load and process cryptographic keys, encrypt, decrypt, and modify YAML data. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are evident. The base64 encoding/decoding and key handling are typical, but the obfuscation and dynamic YAML manipulation are suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement cryptographic key management (loading private/public keys), encrypting/decrypting data using RSA with OAEP padding, and managing YAML files with custom constructors and representers for encrypted data. The functions such as fuvDmpfroKeyNHQNQMaptzMdLZRssurY and DwedpEjlDzXSmOooaxaEhdoSTEcsAKfF perform key export/import. The encryption functions operate on provided data and keys, returning encoded or encrypted outputs. Key functions use cryptography library properly, with no evident malicious API misuse. The obfuscated variable names and complex data flow could be used to hide malicious behavior, but there are no signs of suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. All operations seem related to cryptographic key handling and YAML data manipulation, which can be legitimate in secure data processing. No hardcoded secrets are present, and the data flow appears consistent with typical cryptographic utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is complex and obfuscated, but it appears to implement standard cryptographic and YAML handling functionalities without direct signs of malicious intent. The obfuscation and layered functions could potentially conceal malicious activity, but based on the provided code alone, it seems to serve legitimate cryptography and data management purposes. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious network activity are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}