{
  "purpose": "The code processes parameters and request bodies, evaluating embedded expressions and templates to prepare data for API requests. It handles dynamic content through ExpressionEvaluator, supporting complex templating scenarios.",
  "sources": "Input parameters from step definitions, request body payloads, and embedded expressions within strings, dictionaries, and lists.",
  "sinks": "Evaluation functions within ExpressionEvaluator, logging outputs, and data modifications in parameters and payloads. No external system or network sinks are directly involved.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into expression evaluation functions, which process and resolve expressions, then the results are assigned to parameters or payloads, potentially affecting request construction.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy reliance on dynamic expression evaluation without explicit sanitization or sandboxing. Extensive templating with potential for injection if inputs are malicious. No obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code evaluates expressions in parameters and request bodies, supporting complex templating with regex replacements and JSON processing. It logs dependency outputs and evaluation results. No malicious activity or backdoors are present. Risks stem from untrusted input handling via ExpressionEvaluator, which could be exploited if insecure. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation. The primary concern is potential injection or data leakage if inputs are malicious and ExpressionEvaluator is not sandboxed or sanitized.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not contain malware or obfuscation but relies on dynamic expression evaluation that could be exploited if inputs are malicious. The security risk is moderate, estimated around 0.4, due to potential injection vulnerabilities. Proper input validation and sandboxing of ExpressionEvaluator are recommended to mitigate risks.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}