{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for sorting and formatting Python literals (lists, dicts, sets, tuples) and parsing assignments, mainly to standardize code formatting or serialization.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'code' string parameter in functions 'assignments' and 'assignment'. It also reads configuration data via the 'config' parameter, which influences output formatting.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs formatted strings representing sorted literals or assignments, which could potentially be used to generate malicious code if misused, but the functions themselves do not execute code or handle untrusted input beyond parsing literals.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'code' strings is parsed and evaluated via 'ast.literal_eval', then transformed into sorted, formatted string representations using registered sort functions, and finally returned as code-like strings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious patterns are evident. The use of 'ast.literal_eval' is safe for parsing literals. The code is focused on formatting and sorting data structures, with no network, system, or data exfiltration logic. The code structure and formatting are standard, with no obfuscation or hidden code features.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a utility module for sorting and formatting Python literals, with functions registered for handling different data types. It accepts input as code strings, parses literals safely using 'ast.literal_eval', and sorts data structures. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network access, file manipulation, or data exfiltration. The functions are purely for formatting and do not perform any unsafe operations. The use of 'ast.literal_eval' is safe and appropriate for the context. No malicious or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward utility for formatting and sorting Python data structures, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It does not contain malware or harmful behavior, and its functionality is limited to code formatting. The code appears safe and intentionally designed for standard formatting tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}