{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Python client for interacting with a specific REST API (KUMA API), providing methods for resource management, data import/export, alert handling, event searching, and other API-related operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from environment variables, constructs API requests, reads files from disk (e.g., CSV files, dictionary updates), and handles user input parameters in method calls.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include sending JSON, form-data, or raw data to the API, reading files for upload, and executing SQL queries. These are used in various API request methods, especially in 'update_dictionary_from_csv', 'import_table', and 'post_sql'.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources such as file reads or user-provided parameters into API request payloads or files for upload. These are then transmitted over network requests to remote API endpoints, with responses processed accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or suspicious language features are present. The code uses SSL verification toggled by a parameter (default False), which could be a security concern if not handled properly. There are no hardcoded credentials or secrets; tokens are passed as parameters. The code handles file uploads and downloads securely but disables SSL verification by default, which could be risky. No signs of backdoors, code injection, or malicious system commands are detected. Usage of standard libraries and requests appears normal.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive API client with multiple methods for managing resources, files, and alerts. It reads files from disk for dictionary updates and table imports, and uploads data via multipart/form-data, which is typical for such applications. The SSL verification parameter defaults to False, which could expose the client to man-in-the-middle attacks if used insecurely. The functions are well-structured, and there is no indication of malicious or maliciously obfuscated code. No suspicious network activity or hidden backdoors are apparent. All code appears to serve legitimate API interaction purposes with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard, well-structured API client for a specific REST API. No malicious intent or malware is evident. The primary concern is the default disabling of SSL verification, which should be explicitly enabled in production environments. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate, with no indications of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}