{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to upload files (including XML files) to an API endpoint for test report automation results, handling both individual file uploads and folder-based uploads.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters (file paths, API keys, IDs), environment variables via Config(), and user-provided folder paths.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows include open() calls with file paths, API key usage in headers, and HTTP requests to external servers.",
  "flows": "File paths are read and sent via open() to requests.post() in the curl_request function; parameters are assembled and passed to the API endpoint; API responses are processed and returned.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not perform validation of the contents of files or environment variables beyond basic existence checks. There is no hardcoded credential or secret, but the API key handling relies on Config() and could potentially expose secrets if Config() is misconfigured. No obfuscated code, no unusual code patterns or dynamic execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily reads files from specified paths and uploads them via HTTP POST requests to an API endpoint, with support for multiple files in a folder. It uses standard libraries (os, glob, requests) and a Config class for configuration. Validation of inputs is performed (file existence, extension checks, method validation). Sensitive data (API key) is handled but stored in memory and passed via headers. The code does not process or execute untrusted data beyond the HTTP request and response cycle. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection are present. The only potential concern is the exposure of the API key if Config() or the environment is compromised, but this is standard practice. No malicious or suspicious code, backdoors, or malware behaviors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of file uploading functionality for test automation results, with no indications of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It performs typical API interaction tasks securely within its scope.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}