{
  "purpose": "The code uploads files (including XML files) to a specified API endpoint, managing request formation, parameter validation, and response handling.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include file paths from function parameters, environment variables via Config() class, and API responses.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the open() function for reading files, requests.post() for sending data, and API response handling.",
  "flows": "File paths are validated and opened; files are sent via requests.post; responses are parsed and validated; parameters are built and passed to requests.",
  "anomalies": "Use of open() without explicit context management; passing file objects directly in list comprehensions; no evident sanitization of file inputs or API keys; hardcoded API endpoint strings.",
  "analysis": "The code performs file uploads via HTTP POST requests, with validation for input parameters, supported methods, and API response handling. Files are opened directly, which could lead to resource leaks if not properly managed (missing with-statement). API key handling defaults from a Config() class, which may contain secrets. The request construction and response parsing follow standard practices, with error handling. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious network behaviors are detected. Use of the requests library for external communications is expected for legitimate API interactions. No hardcoded credentials are visible. The code does not appear obfuscated. Overall, the code is straightforward with standard patterns, with some minor resource management concerns but no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation for uploading files to an API with parameter validation and response handling. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The only minor concern is the lack of context management when opening files, which could lead to resource leaks, but this does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code appears safe and aligns with legitimate file upload functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}