{
  "purpose": "The code handles uploading files (including XML files) to a specified API endpoint, primarily for reporting or automation purposes.",
  "sources": "User-supplied file paths, folder paths, API keys, and parameters such as team ID, project ID, and test run ID.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to external APIs, reading files from disk, and passing API keys in headers, potentially exposing sensitive information.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (file paths, API keys, IDs) are used to open files and construct requests; data flows into HTTP request functions which send data to external servers.",
  "anomalies": "The API key is optionally set to a default from configuration without validation; files are opened directly without context management, which may cause resource leaks; error handling may expose detailed internal error messages. The code dynamically constructs URLs and headers, but does not seem to sanitize inputs explicitly. No obfuscated code or malicious obfuscation patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code securely reads files from specified paths, constructs HTTP requests with appropriate headers, and handles responses carefully. It includes validation for input parameters and response parsing. However, it exposes sensitive info like API keys in headers, which is standard but should be protected. File opening is done without 'with' statements, risking resource leaks, but this alone isn't malicious. No signs of code injection, backdoors, or malicious payloads are present. The flow is straightforward, and the code's primary function is to upload files to an API endpoint. No malicious intent or sabotage behaviors are detected; the functions seem to serve legitimate reporting or automation purposes. The only concern is handling of API keys and error messages revealing internal states, which are not inherently malicious but should be handled carefully.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation for uploading files to an API with proper validation and error handling. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. No suspicious activities or security risks are evident beyond typical API usage patterns. Overall, the code is safe with respect to supply chain threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}