{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom Dash component class for an interactive map combining Cytoscape and Leaflet, with associated callbacks for map updates and element transformations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules, class constructor parameters, and client-side callback inputs such as map extent, elements, and zoom levels.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include client-side callback functions, which update map elements, extents, viewports, and zoom levels based on user interactions or data inputs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input components like map extent, elements, and maxZoom through client-side callbacks that invoke JavaScript functions for map updates and transformations, potentially altering map state based on user actions.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of obfuscated variable names (e.g., iDqfvhQWieXmaWzuwOtUnCByZDtEbgqA, UZQhVgwzxRLeOarNaxtDbnlklVwZnInE) and dynamically constructed component dictionaries. Use of hardcoded default zoom level, some function wrapping and recursive map property management. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive data observed. The code uses conditional imports and dynamic callback registration, which could be misused if manipulated.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement a map visualization component with a mix of server-side Python and client-side JavaScript callbacks. The variable names are intentionally obfuscated, possibly to hinder analysis, but no malicious logic such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious network activity is evident. The map and callback setup looks typical for a Dash app integrating Leaflet and Cytoscape. Obfuscated variables and the use of dynamic client-side functions may raise suspicion, but they are not inherently malicious. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious network calls are present. The code appears to be designed for map visualization and interaction management, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a map visualization component with associated client-side callbacks for updating map state and elements. There are obfuscated variable names and dynamic callback registration, but no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It seems to be a standard implementation with obfuscation potentially to obscure its internal logic, but without malicious purpose. Overall, the risk appears low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}