{
  "purpose": "Define constants and functions for Arabic number and quantity normalization, including normalization routines for various number words and units.",
  "sources": "Imports araby and normalize modules; reads various constant dictionaries and variables; normalizes data in normalize_constants() function.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks that handle untrusted data or lead to data leaks or system effects.",
  "flows": "Normalization process transforms constants via normalize_searchtext() and __normalize_composite_dict(), applying normalizer to data structures.",
  "anomalies": "Use of broad exception clause on import statements; reliance on a function normalize_searchtext() which is not defined in this snippet, potentially imported from elsewhere. No suspicious code injection or data leakage apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages language-specific constants related to Arabic numerals and their grammatical forms. It imports modules and attempts fallback imports if necessary. The constants are extensive and cover numeric words, units, and their grammatical variants. The normalization functions apply a normalizer function (likely imported) to all constants for standardization. There are no external inputs, user inputs, or untrusted data sources processed. No system commands, network activities, or file operations are performed. The only potentially risky aspect is the use of a broad exception clause during import, which might mask import errors, but this alone does not constitute malicious behavior. The function normalize_constants() modifies internal data structures but does not perform any external or harmful operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of constants and normalization routines for Arabic numeric words. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. The broad exception in import statements is not suspicious in itself, as it is a common pattern to fallback modules. Overall, the code appears to be a benign language-specific constants module with normalization functionality. No malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}