{
  "purpose": "The script defines constants and functions for processing Arabic numerical words, including normalization and normalization of related data structures.",
  "sources": "Imports from __future__ for compatibility, conditional imports of 'araby' and 'normalize' modules, and reading of constants such as NUMBER_WORDS, VOCALIZED_NUMBER_WORDS, and various dictionaries and tuples containing Arabic number words.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any obvious sinks that process untrusted data for effects such as network transmission, system modification, or data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "The only data flow involves normalization functions that process internal constants. No input from external sources or untrusted data flows into vulnerable points such as database queries or network communication.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The exception handling for imports is standard for optional dependencies. The normalization process is straightforward, with no dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated constructs. No suspicious code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of large sets of constants for Arabic number words, with functions to normalize these constants. The normalization functions utilize a normalizer from an imported module, applied to keys and values in the constants, which appears to be standard data processing. No inputs are taken from external sources during runtime; the only dynamic operation is normalization of internal data structures. No network activity, file system modifications, or system commands are invoked. The structure and content do not indicate malicious intent or behavior. The exception handling for imports is typical for optional dependencies and does not suggest malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign module that defines and processes constants related to Arabic number words. It contains no malicious behavior or malware, nor does it perform any harmful actions. The normalization functions are safe, and there is no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}