{
  "purpose": "This module defines constants, mappings, and normalization functions for processing Arabic number words and related terms, primarily used for language normalization and number parsing.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the imported modules ('araby' and 'normalize'), the constants defined within the script (such as NUMBER_WORDS, VOCALIZED_NUMBER_WORDS, INDIVIDUALS, etc.), and the normalization functions applied to these constants.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the normalization functions which could process untrusted strings, but in this context, they are used only on predefined constants. There are no external data sinks or network operations present in this code.",
  "flows": "Flow involves normalization functions transforming predefined constant dictionaries and tuples. These functions read the constants (sources) and produce normalized versions stored back into the constants (sinks). No data from untrusted sources is ingested or sent outside.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic are present. The try-except import pattern is standard. The normalization function is used only on constants. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports external normalization modules and applies normalization to static constant data structures. The normalization is limited to predefined, hardcoded constants, which are used for language processing. No input from external sources, no network operations, or code injection techniques are observed. The structure and formatting are typical for data definition modules. The normalization function is designed to process these constants for language normalization, with no evident malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign resource module that provides Arabic number word constants and normalization routines for language processing. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The use of normalization is confined to constants, and no external data or network activity is present.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}