{
  "purpose": "The code defines constants and functions for processing and normalizing Arabic number and quantity words, including related mappings for number words, unit words, and ordinal words, primarily used for linguistic or numerical normalization in an application dealing with Arabic text.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules (araby, normalize), constants defined within the module (number words, unit words, etc.), and normalizes these constants via the normalize_constants() function. It does not read external input data at runtime, but it loads internal static data.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any data output, network operations, or untrusted data handling. There are no sinks where untrusted data could lead to data leaks or effects. It only manipulates internal data structures.",
  "flows": "The normalization process involves passing internal constant data through the normalize_searchtext() function (from the normalize module), and applying normalization to the constants. No external or user input is involved, and no data flows from untrusted sources to sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The try-except import pattern is standard. The normalize_constants() function manipulates internal constants for normalization purposes. There is no dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious logic. The commented-out code suggests previous normalization steps but nothing malicious. The only potential concern is reliance on the normalize module, but its usage appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly consists of static data definitions for Arabic number words, unit words, and related linguistic data, along with normalization functions. The normalization process re-normalizes the constants, but this does not introduce any malicious behavior. The try-except import pattern handles optional local imports, which is common in package code. There is no evidence of code injection, network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code's purpose appears to be linguistic normalization without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a static constants and normalization module for Arabic number words. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. The only notable aspect is the normalization function, which acts solely on internal data. No malware signals or security vulnerabilities are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}