{
  "purpose": "This module defines constants and functions for normalizing and handling Arabic number words and related data structures, likely used in number parsing or language processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the imported modules '__future__' (standard), 'araby', and 'normalize'. It also reads internal constants and functions, particularly in 'normalize_constants()'. There are no external input sources such as network, files, or user input.",
  "sinks": "The code performs normalization on internal constants. The normalization functions manipulate data structures and strings but do not interact with untrusted external data sources or outputs that could be exploited maliciously.",
  "flows": "Normalization function applies a normalizer to internal constants; no untrusted data flows from external sources to sensitive sinks. Constants are processed within the module, and the only output is printed for debugging or testing purposes.",
  "anomalies": "The try-except block for importing modules shows fallback import logic, which is standard. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code are present. No unusual code behaviors or hidden functionalities are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines large sets of Arabic number words and their grammatical forms. The normalization function 'normalize_constants()' applies a normalization routine to internal data, which seems to be a utility for standardizing text representations. The import fallback pattern is common and does not introduce malicious behavior. The code does not include network operations, file I/O, or system commands that could be malicious. The use of global variables and data normalization appears benign. No backdoors, data exfiltration, or suspicious code are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The module appears to be a straightforward collection of constants and a normalization routine for Arabic number words. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, supply chain sabotage, or malware. It is a benign utility module intended for linguistic normalization within a larger system.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}