{
  "purpose": "The code is a comprehensive Django test suite for impersonation, session management, permission checks, and configuration overrides. It aims to verify correct behavior of impersonation flows, session handling, and permission enforcement within a controlled testing environment.",
  "sources": "User inputs via URL parameters, session data, environment settings, and factory-created user objects.",
  "sinks": "Session modifications, URL redirects, user attribute access, and database queries. No network activity or file manipulations are present.",
  "flows": "Sources such as URL parameters and user inputs flow into session modifications, redirect responses, and user object access, primarily within test functions that simulate login, impersonation, and logout flows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials outside typical test accounts. Variable names are obfuscated but this is standard in test code. No malicious or obfuscated payloads are present. URL redirection based on user-controlled parameters is typical in tests but could be risky if misused outside testing.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of Django unit tests focused on impersonation and session handling. It uses predictable test credentials ('foobar') and manipulates session and URL parameters within a controlled environment. No external network calls, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads are detected. Obfuscation is limited to variable names, which is common in test code. The logic and flow are standard for testing impersonation features. Given the absence of malicious indicators, the malware score is 0. The variable obfuscation and session handling are typical for tests, so the obfuscated score is low (~0.2). The overall security risk is minimal (~0.2), mainly due to URL/session handling, which is acceptable in a test context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, comprehensive test suite for impersonation and session management in Django. There is no evidence of malicious activity, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage. The scores reflect the controlled testing environment: malware score 0, obfuscated score approximately 0.2, and security risk around 0.2. Overall, the code is safe and aligns with standard testing practices.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}