{
  "purpose": "This module provides various classes and functions to handle content decoding for HTTP responses, including support for multiple compression algorithms like gzip, deflate, brotli, and zstandard, as well as chunked text and byte processing.",
  "sources": "Imports modules such as codecs, io, zlib, brotli, zstandard, and exceptions from the local package. It reads optional dependencies at import time, and internal class methods process bytes and strings for decoding.",
  "sinks": "Decoders like ZStandardDecoder, BrotliDecoder, GZipDecoder, and DeflateDecoder process data and may throw exceptions; no direct data sinks for external systems are present. No evident data leaks or external data exfiltration points are observed.",
  "flows": "Input data (bytes or strings) flows into decoder objects via decode methods, which process or decompress the data. For multi-decoding, flows pass through a sequence of decoders. Chunkers process and output fixed-size chunks, and line decoders process text streams incrementally.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain obfuscated code or suspicious constructs. The use of optional dependencies with fallback imports is standard. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The only potentially noteworthy aspect is the dynamic import handling for optional libraries, which is normal for optional dependencies.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a series of content decoders supporting various compression algorithms, with mechanisms for handling optional dependencies gracefully. Decoders utilize standard library modules and third-party libraries where available, and raise appropriate exceptions on errors. Chunkers and line decoders handle data in chunks or lines for streaming processing. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system manipulation are evident. The code appears well-structured for its purpose, with proper error handling and modular design. No suspicious input/output flows or anomalies are detected beyond normal decoding logic.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of HTTP content decoders with optional support for popular compression algorithms. It contains no malicious behavior or supply chain security risks. The dynamic optional dependency handling is typical and safe. Overall, the code appears benign and designed for proper data processing without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}