{
  "purpose": "This code provides configuration and connection management for a Neo4j database client, including handling environment variables, URI parsing, and connection profiles.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (NEO4J_URI, NEO4J_AUTH, NEO4J_SECURE, NEO4J_VERIFY), input parameters to class constructors, URL parsing functions.",
  "sinks": "Use of environment variables for sensitive data (NEO4J_AUTH), construction of connection URIs, and potential exposure of credentials via the 'auth' property or the 'uri' property.",
  "flows": "Environment variables are read during module load to set connection parameters; these parameters are used in the ConnectionProfile and ServiceProfile classes to configure connection details; user input or configurations passed to class constructors can modify or override defaults.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns detected. Hardcoded credentials are present as defaults ('password'), but these are not malicious and are standard placeholders. Use of environment variables for configuration is typical; no backdoors, network connections, or data exfiltration code observed. The code adheres to standard configuration management practices.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily manages configuration for a Neo4j client, including parsing URIs, handling environment variables, and providing immutable connection profiles. It does not perform network operations, data collection, or contain obfuscated code. All data flows involve configuration data or environment variables, with no evidence of malicious behavior. The default password is a placeholder, not a credential leak. No suspicious patterns such as code injection, backdoors, or malware signals are evident. The code appears standard, well-structured, and safe for use.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a configuration management module for Neo4j client connections, with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It handles environment variables and user input to generate connection profiles securely. The presence of default credentials is a common placeholder practice and does not indicate malicious behavior. Overall, the code is safe and suitable for inclusion in applications that require Neo4j connectivity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}