{
  "purpose": "Generate a standardized HTTP API problem detail response with optional extension data and headers.",
  "sources": "Parameters 'status', 'title', 'detail', 'type', 'instance', 'headers', 'ext' passed to the function; local import of ConnexionResponse.",
  "sinks": "json.dumps() serializing the problem_response dictionary; response object creation via ConnexionResponse.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into the problem_response dict; then json.dumps() serializes it; response object is returned.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code; potential concern about untrusted data in 'ext', 'instance', 'type' but typical for such utility functions; import inside function is unusual but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a dictionary with provided parameters, defaults 'type' to 'about:blank' if not given, and serializes it into JSON for an HTTP response. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious behavior are present. The import of ConnexionResponse from a local module is standard in web frameworks but placed inside the function, which is unconventional but not harmful. The main security consideration is that untrusted data passed via 'ext', 'instance', or 'type' could lead to injection if not validated externally, but this is common in response construction. The code's simplicity and lack of malicious patterns suggest it is safe. The existing reports correctly assign malware and obfuscated scores of 0, with low risk scores around 0.1-0.2, justified by potential injection if inputs are malicious. Overall, the code is a safe, standard utility for API error responses, with no malicious or obfuscated elements. Proper input validation is recommended in production environments, but the code itself is secure.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward, safe implementation for generating API problem detail responses. No malicious or obfuscated elements are present. The minor risk associated with untrusted data can be mitigated externally. The existing security scores are appropriate; I recommend maintaining malware=0, obfuscated=0, and a conservative risk score of 0.1 to 0.2. Overall, the code poses minimal security risk and functions as intended.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}