{
  "purpose": "This module provides an interface for generating HTTP problem detail responses following a standard format, primarily for error reporting in web APIs.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to the 'problem' function such as 'status', 'title', 'detail', 'type', 'instance', 'headers', and 'ext'.",
  "sinks": "The json.dumps() function serializes the 'problem_response' dictionary, which could be exploited if untrusted data is included in 'ext' or other parameters, leading to injection or data leak. The return statement calls 'ConnexionResponse', which is imported from a relative module.",
  "flows": "User-controlled input (e.g., 'ext', 'instance', 'type', 'headers') can be incorporated into 'problem_response' and then serialized, potentially leading to injection if malicious data is present. Data flows from input parameters to the JSON serialization and then to the HTTP response object.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The 'from .lifecycle import ConnexionResponse' import is within the function, which is unusual but not inherently malicious. The code does not perform any network operations, data exfiltration, or suspicious behavior. It correctly uses standard JSON serialization.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a function that constructs a problem detail response object. It imports a response class from a local module to avoid circular imports. It defaults 'type' to 'about:blank' if not provided, which is standard. User-supplied data ('ext', 'instance', 'type') is directly inserted into the response object and then serialized with json.dumps(). There are no indicators of malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The inclusion of 'ext' could be used maliciously if untrusted data is provided, but this is a typical pattern for extensibility. No network activity or harmful actions are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation for generating HTTP problem responses. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. Potential security concern exists if untrusted data is passed via 'ext' or other parameters, but this is a common pattern and not inherently malicious. Overall, the code is safe but should be used with proper input validation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}