{
  "purpose": "This code defines a comprehensive set of constant mappings for various trading, system, and user interface parameters used in a financial trading platform or API.",
  "sources": "The code primarily consists of hardcoded string assignments, which are static constant definitions. No dynamic input sources are present.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks or data flows involving untrusted data; the code does not process or handle external input or output.",
  "flows": "No data flow or untrusted data flow is observable since all values are static constants assigned directly to variables.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive hardcoded mappings, which could be used maliciously if manipulated or replaced in a supply chain context, but the structure itself is standard for such configurations. No suspicious logic, obfuscation, or hidden code is present. No dynamic execution, code injection, or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "analysis": "The provided code is a large set of constant mappings for various enumerations used in trading systems, such as order types, transaction types, account types, and system states. These constants serve as a reference for the system to interpret and handle different parameters correctly. There is no evidence of dynamic code, input handling, or data processing that could be exploited maliciously. The code does not perform any operations, control flow, or logic; it solely defines constants. The only potential concern is if these constants are maliciously replaced or manipulated during supply chain distribution, but this cannot be inferred from the code alone. No obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious logic are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, static definition of constants used for trading system parameters. It poses no direct security risk or malicious behavior based on the provided content. The risk lies only if these constants are tampered with during the build or deployment process, which is outside the scope of the code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}