{
  "purpose": "Defines a hierarchy of custom exception classes with some dynamic class behavior and class-level state management.",
  "sources": "Class attributes, particularly in __init_subclass__ and class methods; input data is passed via class instantiation and method parameters.",
  "sinks": "Exception instantiation and raising, which could potentially be exploited if inputs are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Input data via method parameters or class attributes can influence exception messages and class behavior, but no external untrusted sources or network activity is present.",
  "anomalies": "The class 'AetiAPvswdRtNMSkhTZIeSquMkJhJfkT' uses obfuscated variable names and dynamic class modifications. It maintains class-level state that affects behavior. No hardcoded secrets are evident, but the code’s purpose seems obfuscated. The class hierarchy and method logic appear complex and intentionally obscure.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily creates a custom exception class with class-level state and dynamic behaviors, including class attribute manipulation and exception raising based on input strings. Subclasses specify specific error codes via class attributes. There is no evidence of network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious code injection. The obfuscation and complex class logic could be intended to hide malicious intent, but there are no explicit malicious actions such as file access, network calls, or system modifications. The design pattern resembles a complex exception hierarchy, possibly for obfuscation or proprietary error handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to implement an obfuscated exception hierarchy with dynamic behaviors, but lacks any clear malicious activity or malware. The obfuscation raises suspicion but does not directly indicate harmful intent. No security risks are immediately evident from the code itself, though the complexity could be used to hide malicious payloads. Overall, it looks like an intentionally complex error handling module with no overt malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}