{
  "purpose": "The code provides an API for authenticated encryption using AES-SIV or AES-PMAC-SIV algorithms, including key and nonce generation, encryption (seal), and decryption (open).",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables via os.urandom for nonce generation. It receives plaintext, ciphertext, nonce, and associated data as input parameters for encryption and decryption methods.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs encrypted ciphertext and possibly decrypted plaintext. It does not write to external files or network destinations directly.",
  "flows": "Input data (plaintext, nonce, associated data) flows into the 'seal' and 'open' methods, which then pass data to self.siv.seal and self.siv.open respectively. These methods process and produce encrypted or decrypted data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. Usage of standard cryptographic primitives and libraries (cryptography.hazmat) with proper data type checks. No obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a straightforward implementation of authenticated encryption using well-known cryptographic primitives. It employs standard secure practices such as nonce generation via os.urandom and input type validation. The selection of algorithms ('AES-SIV', 'AES-PMAC-SIV') is based on input strings, with proper error handling for unsupported algorithms. The core cryptographic operations are delegated to imported modules (SIV, CMAC, PMAC), which are assumed to be correctly implemented. No external network or system access is present, and no suspicious or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, secure implementation of an authenticated encryption API. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities within this module. It relies on reputable cryptographic primitives and includes proper input validation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}