{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for data handling, URL processing, encoding, compression, and security-related configurations in Python.",
  "sources": "Input data can originate from function arguments, environment variables (via certifi), or external URL sources. No explicit input reading beyond standard library calls.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include network operations via urllib3 (e.g., urllib3_cert_pool_manager), gzip compression, and URL encoding functions, which could be misused if combined with untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input from external sources can flow into network connection setup (urllib3 PoolManager), URL encoding, or data compression, but no direct data leaks are explicitly coded.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code relies on external libraries like urllib3 and certifi in standard ways. The only noteworthy aspect is the explicit inclusion of certifi for SSL verification, which is standard. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions for data conversion, URL handling, SSL pool management, and function decorators. The functions are implemented using standard library features and well-known third-party packages. No suspicious logic, hardcoded secrets, or malicious behavior detected. The use of urllib3 with 'CERT_REQUIRED' and certifi indicates proper SSL verification. No data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity present. The functions could be used maliciously if combined with malicious inputs, but on their own, they do not exhibit malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be standard utility functions with no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or significant security risks. It does not contain obfuscation or suspicious patterns. Overall, it is safe and intended for data processing and network security configurations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}