{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for inspecting, unwrapping, and handling Python functions and objects, mainly for debugging and introspection purposes within a testing framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads module attributes (e.g., hasattr, inspect functions), object attributes (__name__, __class__, function attributes), and source files via inspect API. It also reads environment variables indirectly through importlib and sys modules, and input via exception traceback handling.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write untrusted data or perform external network operations. The only potential concern is the start_pdb function, which imports debugger modules and invokes post_mortem, but this is explicitly controlled and not malicious.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., function objects, exceptions) through inspection and unwrapping functions, returning metadata. In start_pdb, user input could influence the module imported for debugging, but only if explicitly specified.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard debugging and introspection utilities. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The start_pdb function dynamically imports a module based on input, which could be misused if user-controlled, but is intended for debugging. No obfuscated code or malicious logic is detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily provides safe utility functions for inspecting Python objects, unwrapping functions, and formatting exceptions. Functions like hasarg, getfullargspec, and unwrap rely on standard inspect API, with no malicious behavior. The exception filtering functions modify tracebacks to hide framework internals, which is not malicious. The start_pdb function allows launching a debugger module; while this involves dynamic importing, it is an accepted debugging practice and not malicious unless misused externally. No suspicious code injections, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code avoids unsafe operations or external network communication, focusing on local introspection and exception handling.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of debugging and introspection utilities with no malicious intent. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The only aspect to note is the dynamic import and execution of debuggers in start_pdb, which is standard in debugging workflows. Overall, the code appears safe and intended for development support.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}