{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for unit conversions (length, rotation) and coordinate transformations, likely used in a graphical or measurement context.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments, including numeric values, iterables, and parameters specifying units or types.",
  "sinks": "The code applies conversion functions to input data and returns converted values. It does not perform data output or external system calls.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through the conversion functions and internal helper functions (__convert), resulting in converted output values.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code relies on external modules (Measurements, Types, Field) but does not directly invoke network, file, or system commands. The conversion functions are straightforward and safe. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are evident. Exception handling is limited to catching ValueError during conversion.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several unit conversion functions for length, rotation, and coordinate inversion. These functions use standard arithmetic operations and call external measurement modules for complex conversions. The internal __convert helper safely handles iterable and single values, applying the provided conversion functions, with basic error handling. There is no indication of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, remote commands, or backdoors. The use of external modules for conversions is typical for measurement libraries. Overall, the code appears to serve legitimate utility purposes with no suspicious or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward utility module for unit conversions and coordinate transformations with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs safe data processing with proper handling of iterable inputs. No anomalies or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}