{
  "purpose": "Utilities for generating regex patterns from static sets of strings, tags, URL schemes, and parser functions for validation and matching purposes.",
  "sources": "Predefined static sets such as _valid_html_tag_names, _bare_external_link_schemes, _tag_extensions, and other hardcoded data structures used as input for pattern generation functions.",
  "sinks": "Pattern matching functions that compile regex patterns from static data; no external data, network, or untrusted input processing present.",
  "flows": "Static data structures feed into pattern functions (_pattern, regex_pattern) to produce regex bytes; no data flows from untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior, no obfuscation, no dynamic code execution, no hardcoded secrets or backdoors. The code is straightforward and static.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs regex patterns from predefined static sets, such as HTML tags, URL schemes, parser functions, and extension tags. Functions are deterministic, with no processing of external or untrusted input. The patterns are generated via trie-based algorithms for efficiency, but these are based solely on static data. There are no network calls, file I/O, or dynamic code execution. The potential security concern is regex-based ReDoS if patterns are used improperly with untrusted input downstream, but within this module, the data is static and safe. The malware score is zero, obfuscation is absent, and the security risk score is low (~0.2) to account for misuse if patterns are applied to untrusted data outside this code. Overall, the code is a benign utility for pattern matching with no malicious or obfuscated elements.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static, well-structured utility module for regex pattern creation based on predefined data. It contains no malware, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The current security risk score of approximately 0.2 is appropriate, considering potential misuse if patterns are used improperly with untrusted input. The overall assessment confirms the code's benign nature and safe usage in controlled contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}