{
  "purpose": "The code manages notebook operations, involving JSON input, environment variables, filesystem reads, and network requests. It dynamically generates code files ('app.py', 'main.py') with interpolated parameters, which could be risky.",
  "sources": "JSON bodies, environment variables, filesystem reads (requirements.txt, code snippets), and request data.",
  "sinks": "Network requests (API calls), file writes ('app.py', 'main.py', 'requirements.txt'), and code generation.",
  "flows": "Input data from JSON, environment variables, and filesystem flows into code generation, API requests, and file operations, potentially leading to code execution or data exfiltration if inputs are malicious.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable names, complex string formatting, dynamic code snippets, and use of 'ast.parse()' for code analysis suggest attempts to hide logic. Lack of explicit input validation or sanitization before code generation or file writing.",
  "analysis": "The code performs dynamic code generation and external API interactions, with complex variable naming and code parsing. No direct malicious payloads or signatures are evident. The use of unvalidated inputs in code snippets and file creation presents a security risk, especially if inputs are maliciously crafted. Obfuscation and dynamic code creation increase attack surface but do not confirm malicious intent. The network requests and file operations are standard but could be exploited if inputs are untrusted.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate backend component with significant dynamic code generation and obfuscation. While no explicit malware or malicious payloads are detected, the complexity and handling of untrusted inputs pose security risks. Proper input validation, sanitization, and security reviews are recommended before deployment. The malware score is set to 0.2, reflecting low but non-negligible risk due to potential misuse. Obfuscation is high (0.7), justified by variable naming and code complexity. The overall security risk is moderate (0.55), considering the dynamic code handling and lack of validation.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.55,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}