{
  "purpose": "The code provides a framework for connecting to REST APIs, retrieving and processing JSON data, and handling OAuth2 authentication.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include API responses obtained via requests.Session.get() and requests.post(), especially in fetch_data, get_table_schema, and OAuth2Client methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include data returned from API responses, which can be processed and returned, and the get_access_token method which sends credentials to obtain tokens.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows from API responses through fetch_data into data structures; OAuth2 tokens are retrieved via POST requests; and data may be used in downstream processing.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are detected. The OAuth2 flow is standard, and no malicious network activity or obfuscation is present. The code properly handles exceptions and requests securely. No unusual or misleading code is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes API connections with support for multiple authentication types, including OAuth2, Basic, and Bearer tokens. It uses requests.Session for connection management and requests for API calls, which are standard. JSON responses are flattened and normalized into pandas DataFrames, with no evidence of code injection or data leakage. Sensitive data such as tokens or credentials are handled via parameters and not hardcoded. The OAuth2Client class performs standard OAuth2 flow steps: generating authorization URLs and exchanging codes for tokens. No suspicious network activity or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are present. The code appears to be a legitimate API interaction utility with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured API client with OAuth2 support. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It does not contain obfuscation, hidden backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to the handling of credentials via parameters (which is standard). Overall, it appears safe and suitable for legitimate API data access and processing.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}