{
  "purpose": "A Python class-based utility for connecting to, fetching data from, and managing schemas of APIs, supporting multiple authentication methods including OAuth2.",
  "sources": "Data sources include user-provided API URLs, authentication parameters (tokens, credentials), and API endpoints for schemas and data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include HTTP requests (requests.get, requests.post), which could be exploited if URL or data inputs are maliciously crafted, and the handling of tokens/credentials stored in memory or headers.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (auth tokens, URLs, endpoint identifiers) into HTTP request calls; responses are processed via JSON parsing, flattened, and normalized into pandas DataFrames.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious malicious code such as backdoors or hidden features. However, the code constructs URLs and sends HTTP requests based on input parameters, which could be manipulated if inputs are malicious. No input validation or sanitization is explicitly present for URL components or API parameters. The code raises NotImplementedError for OAuth2, indicating incomplete implementation but not malicious intent. The class methods do not perform any data exfiltration or system-level modifications. The OAuth2Client handles token exchange securely and does not store tokens persistently or send data outside of the OAuth2 flow.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of API connection management, data fetching, and processing functions. It uses standard libraries (requests, pandas) and employs JSON flattening and normalization techniques. There is potential risk if malicious actors control the input URLs or authentication parameters, which could lead to HTTP requests to unintended servers or data leaks via the request headers. The handling of credentials and tokens appears typical and does not involve insecure storage or transmission beyond standard practices. No suspicious obfuscated or malicious code segments are present. The only incomplete feature (OAuth2) does not present an immediate security risk but indicates that full OAuth2 support is not yet implemented.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not contain malicious behavior or malware; it is a standard API utility class with some incomplete OAuth2 support. Risks are limited to the handling of URL and parameter inputs, which could be exploited if inputs are not sanitized. Overall, the package appears safe but should ensure input validation when used in production to prevent injection or request manipulation.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}