{
  "purpose": "This code defines a class for connecting to and interacting with REST APIs, including handling authentication, data fetching, and schema retrieval. It also includes an OAuth2 client for authorization URL generation and token exchange.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from API responses via requests.Session.get() and requests.post() methods, particularly response JSON data. Data may originate from API endpoints constructed via the class methods.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed locally for JSON flattening and DataFrame creation; no explicit data sinks such as file writing, database insertion, or network transmission of sensitive data are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from API responses through fetch_data() into JSON flattening, then into DataFrame creation or further processing within the class methods. Authentication parameters are used locally for request headers and auth setup.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or sensitive information are present. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or hidden backdoors are detected. The OAuth2 client generates authorization URLs and exchanges tokens; however, this is standard OAuth2 flow. The code raises NotImplementedError for OAuth2, indicating incomplete implementation but not malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward API interaction utility with functions for authentication, data fetching, schema retrieval, and OAuth2 URL/token handling. No malicious behavior such as system harm, data exfiltration, or backdoors is detected. The use of request libraries and JSON processing is standard. No suspicious hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are present. The OAuth2 client generates URLs and exchanges tokens in a typical manner without suspicious side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client implementation intended for data retrieval and authentication handling. No signs of malicious activity, sabotage, or security risks are evident based on the provided code. It appears to be a legitimate utility for API interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}