{
  "purpose": "This code provides a framework for connecting to and fetching data from REST APIs, including support for various authentication methods, data processing, and schema retrieval.",
  "sources": "Reads input data primarily from API responses via requests.Session.get() calls, including URLs constructed from class attributes and parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes data into pandas DataFrames, and in the OAuth2Client class, posts data to token URL. No evident sink of untrusted data leading to system effects like command execution or file manipulation.",
  "flows": "API responses are fetched via requests.Session.get(), then processed and flattened by flatten_json, with key filtering to remove numeric and main response keys, and data is normalized into pandas DataFrames.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The code structure appears straightforward. The install_libraries function is called but its implementation isn't shown; if malicious, it could be suspicious. The OAuth2Client generates URLs with URL encoding; no suspicious encoding observed. No obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard API connection, authentication, data fetching, and processing tasks. The connect_to_api method handles authentication securely with standard headers or auth tuples. fetch_data flattens JSON responses without suspicious transformations. The create_df and return_final_df methods normalize and concatenate data cleanly. construct_endpoint builds URLs from class attributes. get_table_schema retrieves schemas via API calls, with error handling. The install_missing_libraries method relies on an external function; without its implementation, potential malicious activity cannot be entirely ruled out, but it appears as a standard dependency installer. The OAuth2Client correctly constructs authorization URLs and exchanges codes for tokens, with no malicious intent apparent. Overall, the code uses standard libraries and patterns with no evident malicious behavior or backdoors. No suspicious data leaks or unsafe operations are present.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate API client framework with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. The only concern is reliance on an external install_libraries function, which could potentially be malicious if not vetted. Otherwise, the code follows secure and standard practices for API interaction and data processing.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}