{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to configure and build a Python package that includes a C++ extension using CMake.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (CMAKE_BUILD_OVERRIDE, CMAKE_GENERATOR, CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE), sys.executable, __version__, and external directories specified for sources and build output.",
  "sinks": "Subprocess calls to 'cmake' for building, which execute external commands that could be manipulated if environment variables are maliciously set.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence the arguments for the subprocess calls, potentially allowing external control over build process parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically constructs build commands based on environment variables and system info, which is standard for build scripts but can be manipulated if environment variables are maliciously set. No hardcoded secrets or credentials. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The use of subprocess.check_call with environment variables could be misused if environment variables are maliciously controlled, but this is typical in build systems.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily handles build configuration using environment variables and system info. It invokes CMake and related tools to build a native extension. The code appears standard for such build scripts. No hardcoded credentials or malicious backdoors are evident. The subprocess calls could be risky if environment variables like CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE are maliciously manipulated, but this is a common pattern in build environments, not necessarily malicious. Overall, the code performs legitimate setup tasks with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build setup script for a Python extension using CMake. While it depends on environment variables that could be manipulated, this is typical for build scripts and not inherently malicious. No malicious behavior or sabotage is evident, though reliance on environment variables requires caution in untrusted environments.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}