{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of callback functions for a Dash web application that visualizes and calculates bearing behaviors based on user inputs. It manages input updates, visualization, and input resetting for different bearing cases.",
  "sources": "User input from dropdowns, sliders, and buttons such as 'case-select', 'solver-select', various parameter inputs (e.g., 'pa-input', 'kappa-input'), and reset buttons.",
  "sinks": "The code updates figures (via Plotly), input fields (values for parameters), and styles for containers, with no evidence of writing data to external systems or files.",
  "flows": "User inputs trigger update or reset callbacks that process parameters, instantiate bearing objects, compute results, and update figures and input values accordingly. The data flows from user interface elements to internal processing and back to visual components.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are evident. The code relies on imported modules for core calculations and plotting. No network communications, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present. No obfuscated code features or malicious intent apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles user interaction within a web app framework. It creates bearing instances based on user parameters, updates visualizations, and resets input values. All operations are confined to data processing and visualization with no external network calls or file operations. Exception handling is simple, printing errors without malicious actions. The functions and flow are consistent with a legitimate application designed for engineering simulations. No suspicious logic, hidden code, or malicious payloads are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate application component for simulating and visualizing bearing behaviors. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The code’s purpose is to facilitate user interaction for engineering analysis without any signs of sabotage or unauthorized actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}