{
  "purpose": "This code is a client-side SDK for making API requests to a service, handling authentication, URL construction, and error management.",
  "sources": "User input in 'payload', 'query', 'host', 'sdk_version', 'user', 'method', 'path', 'language', and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Network request via 'method' call, response handling, and authentication headers including 'Access-Id', 'Access-Time', 'Access-Signature'.",
  "flows": "User data and request parameters flow into URL and headers, then into network request; responses are processed and possibly raise exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "Use of time-based signature, no hardcoded secrets; the signature involves private key signing which appears legitimate. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious data are evident. The code constructs URLs and headers based on input without evident injection vectors. No obfuscated code detected; no dynamic code execution or misleading variable names. Error handling is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs URLs dynamically based on environment and service, and signs requests with an ECDSA signature using user's private key. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The signature process and URL construction appear legitimate and intended for authentication. Error handling differentiates HTTP response codes, raising specific exceptions. No suspicious data leaks or backdoors are evident. The 'fetch' function securely handles network requests, and the authentication process is based on standard cryptographic signing. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system manipulation are detected. The code's purpose is to facilitate secure API communication, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a standard, secure SDK for API requests, implementing cryptographic authentication properly. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. The code maintains confidentiality of private keys, constructs requests securely, and manages errors appropriately.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}