{
  "purpose": "This code handles uploading files (specifically, test result files) to a remote server via API calls, supporting both individual file uploads and batch uploads from a folder.",
  "sources": "The code reads input files from the filesystem using open() calls within upload_file() and upload_xml_files_from_folder(), and reads configuration data from the Config class.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow into the 'files' parameter in requests, but since files are read from the filesystem, this is standard behavior. The API key is used in headers for authentication. The API response is parsed as JSON and returned.",
  "flows": "File paths are read from the filesystem; the contents are uploaded via POST requests. API keys and parameters are passed into request headers and URL parameters. Responses are checked for success or errors.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns such as obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or malicious network activities are present. Usage of open() on user-supplied file paths is standard. No hardcoded credentials are evident beyond default API key via Config. The code performs standard file uploads and API request handling.",
  "analysis": "The code performs straightforward file uploads to a remote server via API calls, with standard validation and error handling. It reads files from disk, constructs requests, and processes responses. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious network behavior is detected. The API key handling appears standard, with fallback to default. Response parsing and request construction follow typical patterns. No signs of malicious activity or backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation for uploading test files to a remote API. No malicious behaviors, supply chain attacks, or security risks are evident. It handles files and API communication securely within expected parameters.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}