{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for parsing and representing structured OCR (Optical Character Recognition) data, including pages, blocks, tables, forms, and geometries, likely used for processing documents in an OCR pipeline.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the 'geometry', 'blocks', 'relationships', and text fields within the provided response pages, typically originating from an OCR API response.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data from OCR response fields such as 'Text', 'Confidence', 'Geometry', 'Relationships', and 'Id' are used to construct object properties and outputs; no external sinks or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from raw OCR response input (blocks, geometries, relationships) into class constructors, which organize and parse data into structured representations; no external network or file output is observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward, with standard parsing and object-oriented structuring. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behavior is present. There is minimal dynamic execution or obfuscation. Some commented code suggests debugging or warnings, but nothing malicious. No suspicious or malicious behavior, such as network connections or data exfiltration, is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is mainly dedicated to organizing OCR data into classes such as Page, Line, Word, Table, and Form. It reads input from the OCR response, constructs objects, and provides methods to retrieve content in reading order or within bounding boxes. There are no network operations, system commands, or data leakage mechanisms. The code’s logic is typical for OCR post-processing, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured data parser for OCR responses. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. It operates solely on input data to produce structured representations for further use. No security threats or suspicious activities are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}