{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of classes to parse and represent the structured output of an OCR process, particularly focusing on extracting and organizing text, geometries, and relationships from OCR data.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input dictionaries such as 'geometry', 'Block', 'Relationships', 'EntityTypes', and 'Text' fields within these data structures, provided via constructor parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any data output, network communication, or data storage operations that could be vulnerable to injection or data leaks. No untrusted data is written to external systems or logs.",
  "flows": "The data flows from input dictionaries into class instances; for example, 'geometry' data flows into Geometry objects, which are stored within Word, Line, Cell, and other objects. No external sinks are invoked that process untrusted data beyond internal storage.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes standard data parsing and object instantiation with no evident malicious anomalies. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets. The only unusual aspect is the minimal handling of text and relationships, which is typical for structured OCR data processing.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured, providing classes to parse hierarchical OCR data into objects representing text blocks, geometry, and relationships. It reads input data, processes relationships, and organizes text and geometrical info accordingly. There are no operations that could be exploited for malicious purposes, such as network calls, file access, or command execution. It strictly handles data parsing and object modeling. No obfuscated or suspicious code segments are present. The initial copyright and licensing comments are benign and standard. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility for OCR data handling with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data parsing and representation utility for OCR outputs. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. The security risk is negligible. The overall malware score is very low, and the code's purpose is solely to organize and access OCR data.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}