{
  "purpose": "This code handles reading, parsing, and writing EDF (European Data Format) image files, supporting multiple frames and header management for scientific imaging data.",
  "sources": "Reads header data from files, reads binary data blobs from files or external files, reads environment variables, and reads file metadata.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes header and binary data to files, reads binary data from external files, and handles file I/O operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file or external binary files into numpy arrays via buffer reading and decompression, then into internal data structures. Header data flows from files into ordered dictionaries, which influence data unpacking and header rewriting.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code. Uses standard libraries and well-documented decompression utilities. No unusual obfuscation or misleading variable names. No code explicitly designed to exfiltrate data or connect to suspicious domains. The use of external files for binary data readouts is typical for this domain and not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs file reading, header parsing, and data unpacking for EDF files, including support for decompression and byte order handling. It includes deprecation warnings and structured header management. The functions for reading external binary files and decompressing data are standard in scientific data handling. No code parts exhibit malicious behavior such as network connections, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or unauthorized system modifications. The use of standard compression libraries and careful file I/O suggests normal operation. No evidence of obfuscation or concealed malicious intent was found.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured implementation for handling EDF image files. It performs file and header management, decompression, and data unpacking without any signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears to be a legitimate scientific data processing module with no suspicious or malicious code elements.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}