{
  "purpose": "The code provides string manipulation utilities similar to Ruby on Rails' inflector, such as pluralization, singularization, camelization, underscoring, and titleization, primarily for transforming and formatting string data in applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters (e.g., 'string', 'word', 'number') in various utility functions, and from the module imports (re, unicodedata).",
  "sinks": "There are no apparent sinks where untrusted data is used in security-sensitive operations such as system commands, network connections, or data storage. No evaluation or command execution occurs. The code does perform regex substitutions and string transformations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through regex transformations and string manipulations within the functions. There are no external data flows or untrusted data sources leading to sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. All functions perform standard string processing. The _irregular function modifies global pattern lists but does so in a controlled manner for pattern matching rules, not maliciously.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of string inflection utilities inspired by Rails. It includes functions for pluralizing, singularizing, camelizing, underscoring, humanizing, and other transformations. The _irregular function adjusts pattern lists to handle irregular words. The 'transliterate' function normalizes Unicode characters to ASCII. No code injection, network activity, or system modification occurs. No external dependencies are misused. The regex patterns and string operations are safe, and no obfuscation or malicious code constructs are present.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a benign, well-structured string utility library with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It does not perform any harmful actions or data leaks, and no malicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}