{
  "purpose": "Enhance stock move and stock move line models in Odoo to link tasks and analytic accounts, and generate analytic lines based on product and task data.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from model fields such as product_id, task_id, raw_material_task_id, env variables (company, user), context (default_raw_material_task_id), and related model data (project.task, product.product).",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include creation of analytic lines, updates to task and group records, and returning action dicts for reports. Critical operations involve database writes and environment variable access.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input fields and environment context to analytic line creation, task group creation, and report actions. Specifically, task IDs and product info flow into analytic line calculations; environment variables provide user and company context; context parameters influence default record creation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors identified. The code performs typical Odoo operations. Usage of sudo() is cautious and contextually justified. No obfuscated code or malicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily extends existing Odoo models for stock moves, adding task-related fields and logic for generating analytic accounting lines. It safely accesses environment variables, uses standard Odoo ORM methods, and manages permissions with sudo() where needed. Data flows from user-selected or default tasks and products into analytic entries, with calculations based on product prices and task details. The default_get method conditionally creates procurement groups if missing, which is a common pattern in Odoo modules. The report action simply builds a context dictionary for report rendering. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard, well-structured extension of Odoo's stock module to include task and analytic tracking features. No malicious activity, sabotage, or suspicious behaviors are evident. It uses common patterns for data handling and permission management without introducing security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}