{
  "purpose": "Extend Odoo models for managing stock moves and their relation to project tasks, including custom analytic line creation and default values for stock moves.",
  "sources": "User input through context in default_get method, environment variables (self.env), and model fields such as self.product_id, self.task_id, self.raw_material_task_id, self.env.company, self.env.user, and self.env.context.",
  "sinks": "Creation and update of analytic lines, procurement groups, and stock move records. Potential modification of context data used for reporting or record creation.",
  "flows": "Context data (e.g., default_raw_material_task_id) influences record defaults; user/environment variables inform data processing; analytic lines are computed and created based on task and product info.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious external calls, or obfuscated code. Use of sudo() on analytic accounts is standard for permission handling. No unusual or obfuscated language features. No hidden or malicious functions detected.",
  "analysis": "The code extends Odoo's stock.move and stock.move.line models to associate tasks with stock movements, manage analytic lines, and set defaults based on context. It reads input mainly from environment variables, context, and record fields. Data flows from user actions or context to model methods that create or update records, including analytic lines and procurement groups. No suspicious external network activity, hidden code, or malicious payloads are present. Use of sudo() is controlled and context-driven. All logic appears standard for Odoo module development, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate extension of Odoo models for project and stock management. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It functions as expected within its domain without suspicious or harmful code elements.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}