{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for processing HTML content, calculating ROUGE scores for text comparison, and manipulating labeled HTML trees based on node identifiers and labels.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include HTML strings, text strings for scoring, and dictionaries mapping node IDs to labels and labels to nodes. Data is read from function arguments, such as HTML content and label mappings.",
  "sinks": "Data is output as HTML strings, text content, or dictionaries. No direct sinks for untrusted data leading to system effects or data exfiltration are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments (HTML, text, label mappings) into functions that process, filter, and generate HTML content and scores. No suspicious or untrusted data flow to system or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for HTML processing, text scoring, and label-based HTML pruning. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are detected. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily uses open-source libraries such as BeautifulSoup, jieba, and ltp for natural language processing and HTML manipulation. Functions are designed for scoring text similarity, extracting text content, and pruning HTML trees based on labels. The code performs benign operations related to content analysis and HTML filtering without any network communication, file operations, or system commands. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are evident. The use of standard libraries and straightforward algorithms reduces suspicion. Overall, the code seems to serve legitimate purposes in content processing workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of utility functions for HTML content extraction, text similarity scoring, and label-based HTML pruning. It does not contain any malicious behaviors, suspicious code, or security risks. The code appears safe and intended for legitimate content analysis tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}