{
  "purpose": "Define a setup configuration for a Python package named 'cryptograohy' with a custom post-installation command.",
  "sources": "The class PostInstallCommand reads the install_requires list and attempts to fetch build eggs; it also imports pyprettifier during post-install. The code reads package metadata and dependencies from setup parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code writes exception messages to a file (/tmp/a). The import of 'pyprettifier' occurs during post-installation. No untrusted data is directly used to execute system commands or network activities.",
  "flows": "Exceptions during fetch_build_eggs or _post_install_action can write to /tmp/a. The import of 'pyprettifier' is static and does not involve dynamic code execution. No network or data exfiltration code is present.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual behavior includes catching exceptions and writing them to a temporary file, which might indicate debugging or error logging. The import of 'pyprettifier' during post-install could be intended to perform some action, but there's no clear malicious intent. The package name has a typo ('cryptograohy' instead of 'cryptography').",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom install command that attempts to fetch build dependencies and perform a post-install action involving an external library 'pyprettifier'. Exception handling writes errors to a temporary file, which is not inherently malicious but could be suspicious if used for hiding errors or malicious activity. The import of 'pyprettifier' during post-install is not malicious by itself, but could be used maliciously if the library is malicious. There are no signs of network activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The code appears to perform standard setup tasks with some questionable error logging behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The setup script itself does not contain malicious code or behavior, but the error logging to /tmp/a and the dynamic import of 'pyprettifier' during installation could be used to hide malicious activity if the imported library is compromised. The package name typo suggests potential low-quality or malicious intent, but no direct malicious actions are evident from this code alone.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}