{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for analyzing and manipulating Python's AST (Abstract Syntax Tree), mainly for code analysis, documentation extraction, and source code annotation.",
  "sources": "Source code input as a string parameter in functions like get_toplevel_comments, mark_text_ranges, get_docstring_lineno, and get_constants.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks such as network connections, file writes, or data exfiltration points. The code does not write data externally or execute external commands.",
  "flows": "The functions process AST nodes and source code, extracting metadata, comments, and constants. There are no flow paths that involve untrusted input leading to harmful actions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. The code relies on standard Python AST processing and third-party libraries for source code analysis. No hardcoded secrets, network activity, or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a utility module for static code analysis, focusing on AST manipulation, comment extraction, and documentation handling. It imports standard libraries and common third-party packages, with version compatibility checks. No dangerous code or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. Functions are well-structured for code analysis, not execution or malicious activity. The only external library is asttokens, used for source code tokenization, which is safe and standard for AST analysis. There are no indicators of malicious intent or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility module designed for static analysis and documentation extraction. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. No malware likelihood is detected, and it appears to be a safe, well-structured code snippet intended for code analysis purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}