{
  "purpose": "The code provides helper functions for analyzing and processing Python AST nodes, such as extracting comments, determining type checking conditions, marking source code ranges, retrieving docstring line numbers, parsing function call arguments, and extracting attribute names and constants.",
  "sources": "The code reads source code strings for comment extraction, and AST nodes for various analysis functions such as get_docstring_lineno, mark_text_ranges, and get_constants.",
  "sinks": "No sinks or points where untrusted data could be exploited or lead to malicious effects are present. The code does not perform network operations, file modifications, or execute untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Source code strings flow into analysis functions (e.g., get_toplevel_comments, mark_text_ranges, get_docstring_lineno). AST nodes are processed to extract information or modify attributes, but no external untrusted input is executed or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be well-structured utility functions with no suspicious logic, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors. It relies solely on standard libraries and well-known third-party packages for AST processing.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of utility functions designed for AST analysis and source code parsing, without executing or transmitting data, or including any obfuscated or malicious code. The import of 'typed_ast' is conditional on availability, which is standard for version compatibility. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The functions are focused on static analysis tasks. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility module intended for static analysis of Python source code. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, contains no malware, and poses no security risks. It simply aids in analyzing source code structure and comments. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 2
}