{
  "purpose": "A process execution and output comparison framework for automated testing, running external commands with resource limits and verifying outputs.",
  "sources": "Input streams for commands and answers, external command or program paths, environment variables (if used), and resource monitoring points via psutil.",
  "sinks": "Execution of external commands, subprocess or psutil calls, reading stdout/stderr, and resource info collection; potential for command injection if inputs are untrusted.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into subprocess or psutil execution points; output is captured and compared via compare_output; resource usage data flows from psutil or system calls to monitoring logic.",
  "anomalies": "Dynamic import of psutil (not malicious but potentially anomalous in restricted environments); no obfuscation or hardcoded secrets; no network activity or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code executes external commands or programs, monitors resource usage optionally via psutil, and compares output with expected answers. It handles timeouts, runtime errors, and resource limits appropriately. No malicious behavior, obfuscation, or suspicious patterns are present. The main security concern is executing commands with untrusted inputs, which could lead to command injection if inputs are not validated externally. The code itself is straightforward and standard for testing harnesses. The use of psutil is conditional and not inherently malicious. The code does not contain obfuscated code or malicious logic. The scores assigned in the critical reports (malware 0, obfuscated 0, risk 0.2-0.3) are consistent with the analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard testing framework with low internal security risk. It does not contain malicious or obfuscated code. The primary concern is external input validation to prevent command injection. The scores of malware 0, obfuscated 0, and a low to moderate risk score are appropriate and consistent with the code's behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}