{
  "purpose": "The code implements a dependency injection framework with automatic wiring of modules and containers, including support for FastAPI, Starlette, and Werkzeug. It provides decorators, patching mechanisms, and module loader hooks to inject dependencies into functions, classes, and attributes.",
  "sources": "Data sources include module members (functions, classes, attributes), environment variables (indirectly via external providers if used), and any imported modules or user-supplied containers and modules via the wiring functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve dynamically patching functions and class methods, injecting dependencies into attributes, and overwriting module attributes. The code may evaluate or call provider functions and assign returned instances to attributes or function replacements.",
  "flows": "Sources (module members, provider calls) flow into patched functions/classes where dependency injections occur, potentially overwriting attributes or function implementations. Providers are resolved via the ProvidersMap, and injected dependencies are assigned or called within patched wrappers.",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code constructs. The use of patching functions and dynamic attribute assignment could be misused if a malicious provider or module is supplied, but the code itself does not contain malicious logic. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The code properly isolates injection points but could be exploited if the provider registry or external modules are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a dependency injection framework that dynamically patches functions, methods, and attributes for dependency injection purposes. It uses providers, markers, and reflection to identify injection points. The framework includes module loader hooks to automatically wire modules upon import. It resolves providers via a mapping and applies injections by overwriting functions and class attributes. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or harmful behaviors are inherently embedded in the code. Potential security concerns could arise if malicious providers or modules are supplied to this framework, leading to injection of malicious dependencies, or if the framework is misused to override critical system functions or attributes. However, the code itself is designed for dependency management and does not contain malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a dependency injection framework that facilitates automatic wiring of dependencies in Python modules, functions, and classes. It uses dynamic patching and provider resolution without embedding malicious behaviors. No indicators of malicious intent or malware are detected. The code's security risk is low, assuming trusted providers and modules are used.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}