{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for data validation, conversion, and regex pattern creation related to CloudFormation string handling and IP address checking.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function arguments: 'value' in is_resolvable_dict, 'item' in convert_to_list, 'action' in regex_from_cf_string, and 'arg' in not_ip.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sinks that process untrusted data leading to data leaks or security effects; it primarily performs data type checks and pattern compilation.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through functions for validation and conversion, with regex compilation potentially transforming a string into a pattern; no external or untrusted data is directly used for system or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The regex pattern creation is straightforward and safe. The use of replace for pattern building is simple and does not introduce obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines helper functions for validation and pattern creation. 'is_resolvable_dict' checks for a specific dictionary structure based on IMPLEMENTED_FUNCTIONS, which is a constant imported from an external module. 'convert_to_list' ensures input is returned as a list, handling both list and non-list inputs. 'regex_from_cf_string' converts wildcard-like strings into regex patterns, replacing '*' and '?' with regex equivalents, then compiles them with IGNORECASE. 'not_ip' verifies whether an object is not an IPv4 or IPv6 network instance. All functions perform simple, safe data handling without executing external code or system commands. There are no signs of malicious behavior, suspicious data leaks, or malicious code injection. The functions appear to be utility helpers for a larger application, with no indicators of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of safe utility functions for data validation, conversion, and pattern creation, with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears to be standard, benign code used for handling CloudFormation strings and IP address validation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}