{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to convert between various coordinate systems (NED, ECEF, geodetic, ENU, aer) for geospatial and navigation purposes.",
  "sources": "The functions read input data through function parameters such as az, elev, slantRange, n, e, d, lat0, lon0, h0, x, y, z, and other geospatial coordinate inputs.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations and returns coordinate tuples; it does not write data or send data over networks.",
  "flows": "Inputs from parameters are processed through calls to other imported functions (aer2enu, enu2ecef, ecef2geodetic, enu2aer, geodetic2enu, ecef2enuv, enu2ecef, etc.) with no evidence of untrusted data being transmitted or stored outside these functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are present. The code appears to be straightforward coordinate transformation logic. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution is detected. All functions utilize imported, well-defined mathematical transformations relevant to geospatial conversions.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of coordinate transformation functions with clear, standard mathematical purposes. No network activity, system modifications, or malicious code segments are present. It uses established geospatial formulas and relies on external, presumably trusted, modules for core calculations. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or sabotage mechanisms. The implementation aligns with typical geospatial processing libraries, with no indications of malicious intent or covert behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of coordinate transformation functions with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It appears to be a legitimate utility module for geospatial calculations, with no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}