{
  "purpose": "The code is a test suite for exercising rdflib RDF graph operations, including queries and namespace handling, primarily for verifying correctness and type safety under strict mypy checks.",
  "sources": "The code reads hardcoded RDF data, including URIs, literals, and namespace mappings. It also reads query strings defined as string literals within the code.",
  "sinks": "The code executes RDF queries and prepares queries using rdflib functions; these are data sinks but do not process untrusted external input. There are no network operations, file writes, or other side effects that could leak data or perform malicious actions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from hardcoded RDF triples and query strings into rdflib's query and prepareQuery functions, then results are processed in code. No external untrusted input sources are used, and data flows are internal.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are present. The code is a straightforward test of rdflib features, with no obfuscated or malicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The script is a set of test functions exercising rdflib's RDF graph operations, including adding triples, querying with SPARQL, and preparing queries. All data used are static literals, URIs, and namespace mappings defined within the code. The code does not execute external commands, network operations, or dynamic code execution. It strictly tests the RDF library functionality and type safety. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious network activity, are observed. The code appears to serve a testing purpose, with no evidence of security threats or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign test suite for rdflib RDF library features, with no malicious behavior, security risks, or obfuscation detected. It only manipulates static RDF data and performs internal queries and preparations without external or untrusted inputs.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}