{
  "purpose": "The code performs a relative import from the 'bot' module, importing three symbols with obfuscated, nonsensical names. It appears to be part of a larger project where the actual behavior depends on the contents of 'bot'.",
  "sources": "The import statement reads data from the local 'bot' module, specifically the three symbols listed.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present in this snippet; there are no functions, data outputs, or network calls that could lead to data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "flows": "There are no data flows within this snippet; the imported symbols are not used further here, so no source-to-sink flow can be established.",
  "anomalies": "The imported identifiers are highly obfuscated, nonsensical strings, which is unusual and suspicious. The code contains no logic or behavior beyond the import statement.",
  "analysis": "The code is a simple relative import from a module named 'bot', importing three symbols with obfuscated names. The identifiers' nonsensical nature raises suspicion of obfuscation, which could be used to hide malicious components. However, there is no evidence of malicious activity within this snippet itself, as it contains no execution logic, network activity, or data handling. The high obfuscation score (around 0.7-0.8) is justified by the naming pattern, while the malware score remains low (around 0.2) due to lack of direct malicious behavior. The moderate security risk score (around 0.3-0.4) reflects suspicion based on naming but does not confirm malicious intent. Further investigation of the 'bot' module is recommended to determine if these symbols are benign or malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code snippet itself is benign but suspicious due to obfuscated identifiers. There is no direct evidence of malicious behavior, but the obfuscation warrants caution. The scores assigned are appropriate: low malware risk, high obfuscation, and moderate overall risk. Further review of the 'bot' module is necessary to clarify the nature of these symbols and ensure no malicious components are hidden.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}