{
  "purpose": "This code implements a three-way merge algorithm for textual content using the diff_match_patch library, aiming to reconcile changes from source, target, and base versions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the function parameters: 'source', 'target', and 'base'. It also reads from the diff_match_patch library's diff results.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any evident sinks such as network connections, file writes, or external system interactions. It only processes and returns merged text.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are compared through diff computations. The diff outputs are iterated over, and based on various conditions, parts of the text are appended to 'composed_text'. The primary data flow is from source parameters through diff processing to the output string.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or intentionally obfuscated code. The code uses standard diff operations and iterative merging logic. No unusual code patterns or hidden behaviors are evident. Comments are commented-out merge conflict markers, but these are non-executing, standard in diff tools.",
  "analysis": "The code performs a structured three-way merge by computing diffs between base and source/target, then iteratively reconciling differences based on diff statuses. It uses diff cleanup, invariant computation, and various merge conflict resolutions. The logic appears standard for merging text, with no signs of malicious code such as network operations, data exfiltration, or system modifications. It solely processes text and outputs the merged result. There are no dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious control flows. The commented-out conflict markers are typical diff markers and do not constitute malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard implementation of a three-way text merge algorithm. No malicious activity or sabotage is detected. The code strictly performs text processing with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}