{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define classes for managing media images, with one class fetching media image data from a session API and mapping it to a data structure.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the session.get() method call with specific parameters (media_type, tmdb_id, season_number, episode_number).",
  "sinks": "The potential sink is the return of the XkKDSTTijesIHOVnNXThjmWRVYTDnSoz object initialized with the data fetched from the session, which could be used elsewhere in the application.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the session.get() API call (source) to the creation of the XkKDSTTijesIHOVnNXThjmWRVYTDnSoz object (sink).",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. Usage of obfuscated class and method names might be suspicious but could be due to code obfuscation or naming conventions.",
  "analysis": "The code imports obscure modules and classes, which could suggest obfuscation. It makes a single API call to retrieve media image data, which it then wraps into a data class. The session.get() method appears to request media images based on provided IDs and types. No data is sent to suspicious domains or external servers directly; no suspicious network activity is visible. The code does not contain any code injection, data leakage, or unsafe SQL usage. The class and method names are intentionally obscure, which can be typical in obfuscated or proprietary code, but no malicious behavior is evident from the implementation. No credentials or sensitive data are hardcoded. The only external interaction is the session API call, which seems standard for a media application.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a data wrapper around an API call for media images. There is no evident malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The obscurity of names might be suspicious but does not indicate malicious activity. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, benign API interaction with no security risks detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}