{
  "purpose": "This code initializes a Python package, extending module paths, performing version-dependent type checks, loading an AWS CDK JSII assembly, and publishing the package. It serves as setup/configuration code for an AWS CDK construct library.",
  "sources": "The code reads the package version via importlib.metadata, retrieves the __path__ variable, and loads the JSII assembly using jsii.JSIIAssembly.load().",
  "sinks": "There are no external sinks or data flows involving untrusted data; the code does not perform network communication, data exfiltration, or handle untrusted input.",
  "flows": "The flow involves reading the package version, performing internal type checks, loading a JSII assembly, and publishing the package—all internal operations without external data or network effects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or unusual behaviors are present. The dynamic assembly loading and path extension are standard in infrastructure as code setups.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical setup script for an AWS CDK Python package. It extends module paths, performs version-dependent type validation using 'typeguard', loads a specific JSII assembly for AWS CDK constructs, and publishes the package. There is no network activity, no handling of untrusted input, no hardcoded secrets, and no obfuscated code. The use of dynamic assembly loading and path extension is standard in complex package setups. The typeguard logic is version-dependent but not insecure. Overall, the code is straightforward, well-structured, and aligns with standard practices for infrastructure code. No malicious behavior, vulnerabilities, or suspicious patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard setup script for an AWS CDK Python package. It contains no malicious intent, security risks, or obfuscation. The scores from the reports are appropriate, with malware and obfuscated scores at 0, and a very low risk score (around 0.1) justified by the nature of assembly loading but not indicative of danger.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}