{
  "purpose": "The code defines a data structure and functions for managing information about U.S. states and territories, including name, abbreviation, capital, time zones, and metadata. It appears to be used for geographic or administrative data processing.",
  "sources": "Environment variable 'DC_STATEHOOD' for conditional state addition, environment variable for statefulness check, hardcoded data for states and territories during initialization.",
  "sinks": "None identified; no data flows to external systems, network, or storage. No untrusted input is processed beyond initial data, and no sensitive data is transmitted or stored insecurely.",
  "flows": "Data flows are limited to the initialization of state objects and optional cache lookups. No untrusted external data input or output flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of highly obfuscated variable names, unnecessary use of regex for simple pattern matching, and potential use of environment variables for controlling data addition. No suspicious data manipulation or hardcoded secrets observed. The URL construction in a method appears unrelated to current data and might be unnecessary or misleading, but does not involve malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a State data class and functions for looking up states by various attributes. It uses environment variables to toggle addition of certain states, and caches lookups for efficiency. All data is statically defined with no dynamic or untrusted input processing that could lead to malicious behavior. The environment variable usage and data handling are benign. No network connections, data exfiltration, or execution of external commands are present. The obfuscated variable names seem to serve no malicious purpose but hinder readability. Overall, the code is a structured static data management module with no evidence of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, obfuscated data management module for U.S. states and territories, with no signs of malicious intent or supply chain attacks. It does not process untrusted data or perform external system calls that could be exploited. The obfuscation does not indicate malicious behavior but reduces clarity. Overall, the code is safe based on the provided analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}