{
  "purpose": "Utility functions and classes for converting between asynchronous and synchronous code, managing context propagation, and handling event loops and thread pools in Python.",
  "sources": "Reads input from contextvars, environment variables, asyncio internals, and threading constructs.",
  "sinks": "Executes user-defined functions within thread pools, event loops, and context propagation mechanisms; no external data exfiltration or network activity observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from source points (contextvars, environment) through thread pools and event loop scheduling into user functions, with results captured via futures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, obfuscation, or suspicious code patterns detected. Usage of standard modules and practices consistent with utility libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive utility library facilitating async/sync interoperability, context management, and thread handling. It employs standard concurrency tools like ThreadPoolExecutor, contextvars, and asyncio event loops. No malicious behaviors such as network communication, data exfiltration, or covert backdoors are present. The code structure is clear, with proper exception handling and resource management. The malware score is justified as 0, given the absence of malicious intent. The security risk score is low (0.2), reflecting potential resource mismanagement if misused but not indicative of security vulnerabilities. The confidence in these conclusions is high (0.9-0.95).",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate, well-implemented utility library for async and sync function interoperability in Python. It contains no malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation. The low security risk score accounts for resource management complexity but does not indicate malicious activity. The malware and obfuscation scores are correctly set to 0. Overall, the code is safe for use and aligns with standard practices.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}