{
  "purpose": "A Python client library for interacting with the Textbelt API to send and receive SMS messages, including webhook verification and status checking.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function arguments such as 'api_key', 'sms_request', 'request_timestamp', 'request_signature', and 'request_payload'. The code reads from these parameters and from responses of HTTP requests.",
  "sinks": "HTTP POST requests to 'https://textbelt.com/text' and GET requests to status endpoints. The code processes JSON responses and uses HMAC for signature verification. Potential data leaks could occur if sensitive data (like 'api_key') is mishandled, but it appears to be used appropriately within the code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to construct payloads for API requests; responses are parsed for success, quota, text IDs, and errors; webhook verification involves hashing request data and comparing signatures; status checks retrieve and parse status JSON.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The 'api_key' is passed externally, which is good. The webhook verification relies on timestamp and signature validation, which appears standard. No suspicious or unusual code patterns, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected. The code correctly verifies webhook timestamp but uses 'datetime.timedelta(minutes=15).seconds', which may lead to minor inaccuracies due to seconds component only, but this is not malicious. The code uses 'payload' parameter in POST requests directly; ensure this is compatible with 'requests' library (which typically expects 'json=' for JSON payloads) — this could cause issues but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a client for the Textbelt API with functions for sending SMS, including optional reply webhooks, verifying webhook signatures with HMAC, and checking delivery status. The signature verification uses the 'api_key' as the HMAC key and validates timestamps to prevent replay attacks. The request payloads are built from method arguments, and responses are parsed into data classes. No suspicious code, backdoors, or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, code injection, or network abuse are present. The code appears to perform standard API interactions securely, with proper use of retries and session management. Minor implementation note: the timestamp comparison uses '.seconds', which only compares the seconds part of a timedelta; a more precise check would consider total seconds, but this is not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API client for Textbelt with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles webhook verification correctly and performs standard API requests securely. No malware or malicious anomalies detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}