{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes, constants, and functions for managing CPO types, parameters, signatures, and operations within a constraint programming framework. It sets up internal data structures and relationships necessary for type hierarchy and operation linkage.",
  "sources": "Class constructors, attribute assignments, module-level type and operation definitions, and internal linkage functions such as '_compute_all_type_links'. No external data input or system calls are present.",
  "sinks": "No external data processing, network communication, or system commands. The code solely manipulates internal data structures for type and operation descriptors.",
  "flows": "Internal data flows involve establishing type hierarchies, computing common types, and linking operations to signatures via internal functions. No untrusted data flows into or out of the code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious patterns, secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code. The complexity is typical for setting up internal type systems and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a static setup of classes, constants, and linkage functions for a type and operation descriptor system in a constraint programming environment. It performs internal computations to establish type hierarchies and relationships. There are no external data flows, network activity, or dynamic code execution. The structure is straightforward and intended for internal use only. No signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, static configuration module for managing types and operations within a constraint programming framework. It shows no signs of malicious intent, supply chain sabotage, or security risks. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the risk score of 0.1 accurately reflects its static, internal nature.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}