{
  "purpose": "This module provides classes and methods for constructing, preparing, and handling HTTP requests and responses within the Requests library, facilitating network communication with web servers.",
  "sources": "Data is read from user inputs such as method, url, headers, data, files, json, cookies, and hooks during request preparation. The response reads data from the raw response object, content, and headers.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow into request headers, body, cookies, or hooks; response content and headers could be sources of data leakage if misused or mishandled.",
  "flows": "Input data (headers, url, body, cookies, hooks) flows into request object, which prepares headers, url, cookies, auth, and body. PreparedRequest sends data over network, and Response reads raw data, content, headers, and cookies, providing decoded content and error handling.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to use standard libraries and patterns; no suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. No obfuscated code, unusual dynamic execution, or hidden behaviors are present. No network connections or data exfiltration mechanisms are implemented within this module.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of request and response handling in an HTTP client library. It includes mechanisms for URL parsing, header validation, request body encoding (including multipart forms), cookie handling, hook registration, and response processing with streaming and error management. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as unauthorized data transmission, code injection, or backdoors are present. The use of standard libraries like urllib3, json, and encodings does not introduce security risks by itself. All functions appear to serve legitimate purposes aligned with HTTP request management. No hardcoded secrets or potentially dangerous code flows are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, benign part of an HTTP request/response handling library. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or supply chain security threats. The code is well-structured, using common patterns, and lacks suspicious behaviors or malicious payloads.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}