{
  "purpose": "This module defines classes and functions for creating, preparing, and handling HTTP requests and responses within the Requests library, including encoding, headers, cookies, and response parsing.",
  "sources": "Input sources include method parameters, URL strings, headers, data, files, JSON data, cookies, and hooks provided during Request and PreparedRequest object initialization.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include HTTP request transmission, cookie handling, response content decoding, and JSON parsing. Sensitive data could be leaked via request headers, cookies, or response content if mishandled.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (URL, headers, data, files, cookies, hooks) through preparation methods (prepare_url, prepare_headers, prepare_body, prepare_cookies, prepare_auth, prepare_hooks) into the final request object, and then to network transmission. Response content is read and processed in iter_content, content, and json methods.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. Use of standard library modules and external libraries appears legitimate. The code performs standard request preparation and response parsing. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution present.",
  "analysis": "The code follows standard patterns for HTTP request and response handling. It carefully encodes parameters, manages headers, cookies, and authentication, and supports JSON and multipart encoding. Response handling includes decoding, streaming, and error management. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are evident. The functions and classes are consistent with secure HTTP client implementation, and no malicious sinks such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or network anomalies are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of HTTP request and response handling in the Requests library, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It performs expected functions safely and responsibly. No malicious behavior or sabotage detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}