{
  "purpose": "This module provides a vectorized interface for the 'fluids' library functions, allowing them to operate on iterable inputs efficiently.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'np' object from 'fluids.numerics', imports functions from 'fluids', and accesses all attributes of 'fluids' via dir(normal_fluids).",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sinks that process untrusted input data in a way that could lead to data leaks, code execution, or system compromise.",
  "flows": "The flow involves importing functions from 'fluids', vectorizing them if they are functions, and adding them to the module's namespace for external use. There are no external data inputs or untrusted data flows.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically imports functions, vectorizes them, and updates the global namespace. The use of 'FakePackage' to conditionally bypass imports is somewhat unusual but not malicious. The import of 'numpy' from 'fluids.numerics' is unconventional, possibly for versioning or placeholder purposes, but not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The script imports the 'fluids' package and vectorizes its functions using 'numpy' (aliased as 'np') for efficient batch processing. It filters out certain special attributes ('__file__', '__name__', etc.) and only vectorizes actual functions. It updates the global namespace with these vectorized functions for ease of use. No external input or data is processed, and no code performs actions that could harm the system. The approach is typical for creating a utility module that extends functionality without introducing security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility module designed to enhance 'fluids' with vectorized functions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The use of dynamic attribute assignment is standard for such utility wrappers. Overall, the code is safe with no security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}