{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to fetch trade data from the UN Comtrade API, constructing URLs dynamically based on input parameters and handling HTTP requests with optional proxy support.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for URL construction, proxy configuration, and request parameters; it also reads network responses from the API endpoint.",
  "sinks": "The network request functions send data over the network; responses are parsed and normalized into dataframes, which could potentially expose data if misused, but no malicious data handling is evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to construct URLs and request payloads; network requests are made, and responses are parsed into dataframes, completing the data retrieval flow.",
  "anomalies": "Variable names are heavily obfuscated, which may hinder readability but does not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No suspicious code or payloads are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of API wrapper functions for the UN Comtrade data service, with obfuscated variable names. It constructs URLs based on parameters, manages optional proxy configurations, performs HTTP GET requests, and parses JSON responses into pandas dataframes. No hardcoded secrets, malicious payloads, or backdoors are present. Error handling is minimal but standard for such wrappers. The obfuscation appears superficial, likely to hinder analysis, but does not imply malicious intent. The network interactions are standard, and no signs of data exfiltration or sabotage are observed. Input validation is minimal, but given the code's purpose as a data client, this is acceptable. Overall, the code is benign, with superficial obfuscation, and no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate API client for the UN Comtrade data service, with obfuscated variable names but no evidence of malicious payloads, backdoors, or sabotage. The security risk is low, and the malware likelihood is negligible. The obfuscation is superficial and not malicious. The overall security assessment is that the code is safe for use, with a low security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}