{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to fetch trade or tariff data from an external API, with options for bulk or real-time data, and supports proxy configurations.",
  "sources": "Input data includes function parameters such as subscription keys, data types, codes, and dates; environment variables for proxy settings; and URL request responses.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to external API endpoints; printing error messages; parsing JSON responses; returning normalized dataframes.",
  "flows": "Function parameters -> URL construction -> request headers and parameters -> HTTP request -> response handling -> JSON parsing -> return data.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes numerous obfuscated variable names, but no hardcoded secrets or credentials. Proxy configuration is flexible, but no validation or sanitization is evident. The code sends requests to external URLs without evident validation of the response content beyond status code checks. No use of eval, exec, or similar functions; no suspicious file or system modifications observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs URLs based on input parameters to fetch data from an external API. It manages proxies via urllib3 and handles responses with error checking. While variable names are intentionally obscure, there is no evidence of malicious payloads or backdoors. The use of print statements for errors could be considered for logging improvement but is not inherently malicious. The code does not perform any dangerous operations such as system modifications, data exfiltration, or executing untrusted code. Its purpose appears to be data retrieval, with some obfuscation of variable names, possibly to hinder straightforward analysis but not to conceal malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate data-fetching utility with obfuscated variable names. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident. It does not leak sensitive data or perform harmful operations. The primary concern might be the obscurity of code, but this alone does not indicate malicious intent. Security risk and malware scores are low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}