{
  "purpose": "The code implements a class for deformable mirror influence function generation, actuator mapping, and wavefront fitting operations for optical systems.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'dmParams' object attributes, external YAML configuration files, and user-defined parameters for influence functions and actuator positions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'fit' method that multiplies the fitting matrix with OPD maps, and influence function creation that could be misused to generate malicious influence patterns. No evidence of data leakage or harmful data transmission is observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'dmParams' attributes (sources) into influence function creation and actuator mapping, then into fitting calculations. The 'fit' method takes OPD maps as input (source) and produces command vectors (sink). Influence functions are generated via 'create_influence_grid' and used in 'fit' for command calculation.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are detected. External libraries are standard and used appropriately. No suspicious network activity or malicious payloads are present. The influence functions and actuator mapping are standard computational procedures. No unsafe or malicious code behaviors are identified.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a 'fitting' class that handles influence function creation, actuator coordinate mapping, and wavefront fitting for deformable mirrors. It includes methods for generating influence functions based on double Gaussian models, mapping actuator positions between grids, and performing linear fitting of wavefront OPD maps. The main block demonstrates typical usage, including influence function calculation, fitting matrix computation, and wavefront reconstruction. No signs of malicious activity such as code injection, data exfiltration, or harmful operations are present. External libraries are used in conventional ways, and no hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are detected. The influence functions are mathematically derived, and the data flow is consistent with legitimate optical modeling workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard implementation for deformable mirror influence function generation and wavefront fitting with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It performs legitimate numerical and graphical operations aligned with optical system modeling, and no suspicious signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}