{
  "purpose": "The code implements a class for handling deformable mirror (DM) fitting operations, including influence function generation, actuator coordinate mapping, and fitting procedures for wavefront correction in adaptive optics systems.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the wavefront maps (opd_map, wavefronts), valid actuator maps, and configuration parameters from external files (yaml). It also accesses attributes from dmParams object, such as validActuatorsSupport.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if input wavefront data or actuator maps contain sensitive information. No direct data exfiltration, network activity, or system modification code is present.",
  "flows": "The main data flow involves reading wavefront maps and actuator support maps as sources, applying masks and transformations, fitting via matrix multiplication, and reconstructing wavefronts from actuator commands.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code are present. Influence function calculations and coordinate transformations are standard. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected. The code contains verbose logging at critical and debug levels but nothing indicative of malicious intent. No code injection or unsafe SQL operations are present. All external libraries used are common in scientific Python workflows.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a standard implementation of influence function creation, coordinate mapping, and fitting procedures for deformable mirrors in adaptive optics. It relies on straightforward numpy operations, coordinate transformations, and plotting. The influence functions are generated using double Gaussian models, and actuator positions are mapped between grids. No code appears designed to perform malicious actions such as data exfiltration, system damage, or unauthorized access. The only potential concern could be the handling of sensitive wavefront data, but no malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. The influence functions and fitting matrix are generated via typical matrix operations. Overall, the code appears benign and aligned with typical adaptive optics processing workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard scientific implementation for deformable mirror influence function generation and wavefront fitting. No malicious or sabotage behavior is evident. It operates with typical data processing routines, coordinate transformations, and visualization. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious intent are found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}