{
  "purpose": "The code provides a class for deformable mirror fitting operations, influence function generation, and related utilities for wavefront correction in adaptive optics systems.",
  "sources": "Reads include: sys.path.append, imports from numpy, matplotlib, sys, yaml, and external modules. Data inputs include OPD maps, actuator support maps, and wavefront maps.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include: the fit method multiplying influence matrix with OPD maps, influence function computations, and the use of np.linalg.pinv for matrix inversion. No direct data leaks or network connections are detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input maps through influence functions to command vectors, which are then used to reconstruct wavefronts. Influence functions are generated based on actuator positions and influence grid creation. The code computes pseudoinverses for fitting matrices.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. No evidence of backdoors, code injections, or malicious network activity. Use of 'sys.path.append' is benign here. No obfuscated or misleading code features detected. Influence functions are computed using standard mathematical models. The influence function parameters are hardcoded but typical for such applications.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of deformable mirror influence function generation and wavefront fitting. It uses numpy for matrix operations, matplotlib for visualization, and external modules for tomography. The influence functions are generated with Gaussian models, and the process involves mapping actuator positions onto grids. No external network calls, data exfiltration, or harmful system modifications are present. The only possible concern is the use of np.linalg.pinv for matrix inversion, which is standard in such contexts. Overall, the code performs intended optical computations without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical, benign implementation for adaptive optics influence function modeling and wavefront fitting. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are detected. The use of influence functions, matrix operations, and plotting are standard for this application.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}