{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface definitions for the boto3 OAM (observability and monitoring) service client, providing structured access to AWS OAM functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from external parameters in method calls (e.g., 'operation_name', 'Params', 'kwargs'), environment variables via sys.version_info, and imported modules. It does not process untrusted input directly within the code snippet.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods that accept untrusted data via **kwargs (e.g., create_link, delete_link, get_link, list_attached_links, etc.) which could be used to inject malicious parameters if misused. However, as this is a client interface, actual execution depends on the underlying boto3 implementation and AWS API.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow from method call arguments (**kwargs) to the AWS API request via boto3; no custom data processing or transformations are shown. No evidence of data leakage or malicious data flows within this code snippet.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured type-annotated interface for an AWS service client. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or unusual constructs are present. The use of 'sys.version_info' for conditional imports is standard for compatibility, not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a client class for AWS OAM with methods corresponding to AWS API calls. It uses type annotations for clarity and compatibility across Python versions. No execution of untrusted input, dynamic code execution, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The method signatures and class structure conform to typical boto3 stub patterns. The 'kwargs' parameter is used for passing parameters to AWS API calls, consistent with boto3 practices. No data leaks, backdoors, or malicious logic are present. The code is purely interface/typing definitions with no runtime logic that could be exploited.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a standard, benign client interface for AWS OAM with type annotations. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The use of external inputs is limited to API parameters, and there is no evidence of malicious intent or security flaws within this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}