{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for processing, normalizing, parsing, and handling HTTP headers, email headers, and related content for web and email communication processing.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters such as strings, bytes, and iterable collections; accesses class attributes and subclasses during class-to-header conversions; decodes headers and extracts content.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe decoding of header data; manipulations of header content; class-based header name derivations; header stripping and content extraction; data normalization; header validation.",
  "flows": "Input data (headers, strings, bytes) is processed through decoding, normalization, and extraction functions. Data is then used to determine class types, header names, or content structure. Data may be decoded, unquoted, or transformed before final use.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. Functions perform standard processing; no obfuscated code or unusual control flow; no malicious network activity, system access, or data exfiltration observed. Use of decoding functions and header parsing is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for header normalization, class-to-header name conversions, header splitting, and decoding. All functions implement standard parsing and transformation logic with clear documentation and no indications of malicious intent. No suspicious external calls, data leaks, or dangerous behaviors are present. The code appears to be well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior. The decoding functions process email headers and content safely, without executing untrusted code or handling external inputs maliciously. The class hierarchy and header conversion logic rely on predictable class attributes. Overall, the code seems designed for safe header and content processing, typical of email or HTTP header handling libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of header parsing and normalization utilities for HTTP and email processing, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not include any malware, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious activity. It appears safe and appropriate for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}