{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom exception classes, error handling, traceback traversal, error formatting, and logging for plugin error management and reporting.",
  "sources": "Error creation, traceback traversal, package info retrieval via external function, and logging calls.",
  "sinks": "Error formatting output, traceback information, and logs; potential data leakage if traceback or package info is exposed externally.",
  "flows": "Errors are raised and stored; traceback is traversed; package info retrieved and formatted; errors are logged.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable and class names; use of external function 'copeIPwOEJpISuRXnnzMhGAAEzOxgLTS' for package metadata; complex traceback traversal; no input validation or network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages plugin errors, formats traceback information, and logs errors. Obfuscation appears to be in variable naming rather than malicious payloads. The external function used for package info could be benign or suspicious but is used here solely for metadata retrieval. No network, file system modifications, or code injection are evident. The traceback traversal is standard, and error handling is typical. The obfuscation and external function usage warrant cautious review but do not constitute malicious activity based on the provided code. The error classes and formatting functions are consistent with error management infrastructure.",
  "conclusion": "The code is an error handling and plugin error management system with obfuscated naming. No evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage is present. The external package info retrieval is standard for error reporting but should be reviewed in context. Overall, the code poses a low security risk, with obfuscation justified by variable naming. The malware likelihood is negligible, but obfuscation and external info functions suggest cautious monitoring.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}