{
  "purpose": "The code performs multidimensional linear interpolation using the 'interpn' library, testing various functionalities including interpolation accuracy, boundary checking, and serialization.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from numpy.linspace, numpy.meshgrid, and predefined arrays. Uses data from 'interpn.raw' functions and methods of 'interpn.MultilinearRectilinear'.",
  "sinks": "Calls 'interpn.raw' functions and methods that perform computations and evaluations, returning interpolated results. No data leaks or untrusted external outputs observed.",
  "flows": "Input data from numpy arrays flows into 'interpn' functions and methods, which compute interpolations and return results. Serialization/deserialization also involve internal data flows.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns, no hardcoded secrets or credentials. The code appears to perform straightforward interpolation tasks with proper validation. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or hidden behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The script tests the 'interpn' library's interpolation capabilities across different data types. It generates grids and observation points, performs linear rectilinear interpolation, and verifies output correctness. It also tests boundary checking and serialization. All functions and methods used are from a known interpolation library, with no signs of malicious behavior. The code uses assertions to validate results, indicating a testing context rather than malicious intent. No external network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward test suite for a numerical interpolation library. It performs no malicious activities, no suspicious data handling, and no security risks are evident. It appears to be legitimate testing code with no indicators of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}