{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for version information, and extends sklearn.pipeline.Pipeline with methods for survival analysis predictions, including patching these methods into the class.",
  "sources": "Version fetching via importlib.metadata.version; reading dependencies' versions; method calls on self and self.steps; importing modules like sklearn, platform, sys.",
  "sinks": "Print statements for system and dependencies info; method calls on self and its attributes; dynamic assignment of new methods to sklearn.pipeline.Pipeline.",
  "flows": "Version info retrieved -> printed; methods called on self and steps -> return predictions; patch_pipeline modifies class methods.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks. Usage of standard library functions and sklearn utilities appears typical. No code injection, malicious network activity, or suspicious obfuscation observed. The version fetch uses exception handling for missing packages, which is normal. Patching methods into sklearn.pipeline.Pipeline is a common pattern.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily gathers environment and dependency information and extends sklearn's Pipeline class with prediction methods for survival analysis models. It fetches package versions, outputs system info, and dynamically patches methods. All operations involve standard libraries, sklearn functions, and straightforward method assignments. No indications of malicious payloads, data exfiltration, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The code appears to be a typical utility module designed for use in survival analysis projects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility extension for sklearn pipelines related to survival analysis. It gathers system and package info for diagnostics and adds prediction methods to the pipeline class. There are no signs of malicious behavior, security risks, or obfuscation. Overall, it appears safe and intentionally designed for its described purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}