{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of abstract interfaces and type hints for a dependency injection framework called 'lagom'. It provides containers, dependency resolution, and debugging support for modular dependency management.",
  "sources": "The code primarily reads type annotations, function definitions, and class interfaces. No external data sources or input handling are evident. No input validation or data parsing occurs here.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present; the code does not handle untrusted data, user input, or external system interactions. It defines abstract methods with no concrete implementation that could pose security risks.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves defining interfaces and type aliases without concrete execution or data flow. There are no data flows from sources to sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, obfuscated code, or suspicious constructs are present. The code uses standard Python features, type hints, and ABC for interface definitions. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of interface definitions for a dependency injection system, including containers, dependency definitions, and debugging tools. It uses standard Python patterns and typing. There are no data inputs, external system calls, or code execution mechanisms. The lack of implementation details and absence of code that reads untrusted data or interacts with external systems indicates minimal security risk. No malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or malware indicators are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard, well-structured set of interface definitions for a dependency injection framework, with no signs of malicious intent, suspicious activity, or security vulnerabilities. Its purpose is to define abstractions for dependency management, and it contains no executable or data handling code that could be exploited.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}