{
  "purpose": "Provide compatibility and utility functions for handling cookies with the requests library, including extraction, setting, removal, and management of cookies in a CookieJar.",
  "sources": "Imports from internal modules (. _internal_utils, . compat), class initializations, cookie creation functions, and data extraction from request and response objects.",
  "sinks": "Methods that set, modify, or delete cookies (set_cookie, set, remove_cookie_by_name), functions that extract or generate cookie headers, and the copy/update functions that handle cookie data.",
  "flows": "Cookies are extracted from responses into a CookieJar, and cookies are retrieved or set via dictionary-like access. Cookie data flows from input sources (HTTP headers, request objects, dictionaries) to sinks where cookies are stored or used in headers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation. Usage of standard cookie handling functions appears legitimate. No unusual or malicious code is evident. No external network connections, code injection, or data exfiltration routines are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements standard cookie management functions, including creating cookies, converting Morsel objects, merging cookies, and exposing a dict-like interface for cookie jars. It carefully handles cookie extraction from HTTP responses, generation of cookie headers for requests, and cookie removal. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data theft, network exfiltration, or backdoors. The use of threading locks and pickleability indicates attention to thread safety and serialization, not malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of cookie management for the requests library, with no suspicious patterns or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard implementation of cookie handling for the requests library, with no malicious or sabotage code detected. It focuses on compatibility, cookie management, and data flow control within expected parameters, and shows no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}