{
  "purpose": "The code implements compression and decompression functions for strings using a custom algorithm similar to LZ-string, primarily for data encoding/decoding tasks.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters of functions such as 'compress', 'decompress', and their variants. Specifically, input strings are read for compression or decompression, and data is retrieved from the 'compressed' string or other function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted input is decompressed, but the code itself does not send data externally. No network or file system operations are present, and no sensitive data is explicitly stored or transmitted within the code.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input flows from the 'compressed' string parameters into the '_decompress' function via lambda functions; the 'uncompressed' string flows into '_compress'. The data is processed internally with no external outputs or side effects. No external sinks are invoked.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a 'print(end)' statement in 'compressToBase64', which may be unintended debugging code but does not pose a security risk. The code does not hardcode secrets, nor does it perform any network or file operations. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are evident. The license at the beginning is permissive and unrelated to malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement standard compression/decompression logic, with functions designed for encoding data in Base64, UTF-16, and URI-safe formats. There are no indications of hidden backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads. The 'print' statement is benign and likely for debugging. All data flows are contained within the functions, and no external network or system access is performed. Usage of the code could be misused if it is applied to sensitive data without proper validation, but the code itself is not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code implements data compression and decompression routines with no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage. There are no external network calls, no hardcoded credentials, and no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. The only minor anomaly is a debug print statement which does not impact security. Overall, the code appears safe for use from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}