{
  "purpose": "The code implements compression and decompression algorithms for string data, supporting multiple encoding schemes such as Base64, UTF16, and URI-safe encoding.",
  "sources": "Input strings provided to compression or decompression functions; getNextValue function for reading data during decompression; data from environment variables or external sources is not directly read.",
  "sinks": "Reconstructed strings after decompression; data returned by decompress functions. No data leaks or outputs directed to network or file system are observed.",
  "flows": "Input string -> compression/decompression functions -> internal encoding/decoding processes -> output string.",
  "anomalies": "Use of print statement in 'compressToBase64' method may expose internal processing details. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution observed. The only print statement is for debugging purposes, which is not malicious but potentially unintentional in production.",
  "analysis": "The script provides compression and decompression routines for strings, supporting multiple encoding schemes. It manipulates data at the bit level, building dictionaries dynamically for compression and expansion. The code employs standard Python features without obfuscation. The only notable anomaly is the print statement in 'compressToBase64', which outputs the remainder of the string length modulo 4, likely for debugging. There are no indications of malicious network activity, data theft, or backdoors. The code is self-contained and purely algorithmic, with no external calls or environment variable usage. The data flow is from input strings through encoding/decoding routines to output strings, with no untrusted external influence evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of string compression algorithms with support for multiple encoding formats. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are detected. The only minor concern is the debug print statement, which should be removed in production. Overall, the script is safe and serves its intended purpose without security implications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}