{
  "purpose": "The code provides a command-line interface for AWS Encryption SDK, facilitating encryption and decryption of files and directories, with options for managing encryption policies, metadata, and input/output handling.",
  "sources": "Reads user input via command-line arguments, filesystem patterns (glob), and file system paths, including stdin (-).",
  "sinks": "Writes encrypted/decrypted data to files or stdout, outputs logs, and may handle metadata files.",
  "flows": "Sources include command-line arguments and filesystem inputs; data flows through handlers for encryption/decryption, potentially involving file I/O and stdout. Metadata handling may involve reading/writing files, and logging is used throughout.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code detected. Code structure and variable naming are standard. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution identified. Use of standard library functions and AWS SDK components appear legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a CLI utility for AWS Encryption SDK, involving argument parsing, file handling, and calling established SDK functions for encryption and decryption. It performs safety checks on filesystem paths and user inputs, including validation of destination paths, input/output consistency, and metadata file constraints. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or network communications are present. The logic strictly focuses on file encryption workflows. The code appears to be a legitimate implementation with standard security precautions. No hidden or suspicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard CLI for managing AWS encryption tasks, with thorough input validation and no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It functions as expected for such utility tools without introducing security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}