{
  "purpose": "Provides a client interface for interacting with Frontegg AI Agents, including listing tools, calling tools, and managing authentication tokens.",
  "sources": "Environment variables ('FRONTEGG_STAGING_OVERRIDE'), configuration inputs (client_secret, client_id, agent_id), JWT token response, user JWT input.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to external URLs (auth, mcp endpoints), setting of headers including authorization tokens, dynamic execution in '_run' method.",
  "flows": "Environment variable check -> Initialization sets headers -> Methods perform HTTP requests -> JWT creation updates 'Authorization' header -> '_run' method dynamically calls 'call_tool_sync' which may invoke 'call_tool'.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'nest_asyncio' for nested event loops, dynamic installation of 'nest_asyncio' if ImportError occurs, creation of client instances within '_run' method, including a catch for ImportError related to 'nest_asyncio'.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement standard client-server interaction patterns with HTTP requests for JWT and tool management. It uses environment variables and configuration inputs for sensitive data, which is typical. The dynamic import and installation of 'nest_asyncio' within '_run' is somewhat unusual but not inherently malicious; it facilitates nested event loop execution. The code does not contain any hardcoded secrets beyond those supplied at runtime. There are no indications of data leaks, unauthorized network connections beyond the intended API endpoints, or malicious backdoors. The JWT handling and HTTP request flows are typical for authenticated API access. The code does not perform any suspicious or malicious operations such as data exfiltration, privilege escalation, or system manipulation. The only slightly unusual pattern is the dynamic install attempt of 'nest_asyncio', which could be an attempt to circumvent nested asyncio restrictions, but it is not malicious per se.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a client SDK for interacting with external API endpoints for AI tools and token management. It follows expected patterns for secure API interaction, token handling, and dynamic execution. No malicious or sabotage code was identified. The only atypical element is the runtime installation of 'nest_asyncio', which appears to facilitate nested event loops but does not pose a security risk. Overall, the code is consistent with legitimate SDK behavior, with no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}