{
  "purpose": "The code provides a client interface for interacting with Frontegg AI Agents, managing authentication, tool listing, and tool invocation within an SDK.",
  "sources": "Environment variables ('FRONTEGG_STAGING_OVERRIDE'), configuration parameters (client_id, client_secret, agent_id), external API responses, input schemas, user JWT tokens.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to external APIs (e.g., vendor JWT creation), setting headers with tokens, dynamic code execution within _run method, subprocess calls for package installation, potential deserialization of JSON schemas.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and configuration data influence URL construction and headers. _create_vendor_jwt fetches tokens from external services. _run dynamically executes code to invoke tools. Headers are updated with JWTs and user info. External API responses flow into token management and tool responses.",
  "anomalies": "The use of dynamic model creation from JSON schemas via create_model_from_json_schema, dynamic code execution inside _run with subprocess installation attempts, and calling client instances with possibly hardcoded or externally supplied parameters are potential anomalies. The code installs 'nest_asyncio' dynamically, which could be exploited if misused.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement a standard SDK client pattern with token refresh, API calls, and dynamic tool creation. No hardcoded secrets are visible; credentials are passed via configuration and environment variables. The dynamic import and installation of 'nest_asyncio' in _run is unusual and could be exploited if an attacker controls the schema or environment. External API calls for JWT creation involve external services, which if compromised, could lead to token theft or misuse. The dynamic creation of models from JSON schemas might lead to unexpected code execution if schemas are maliciously crafted. Overall, the code contains some dynamic behaviors that, while intended for flexibility, could be exploited in malicious environments, particularly via malicious schemas or environment control.",
  "conclusion": "The code demonstrates standard SDK patterns with some potentially risky dynamic behaviors (schema-based model creation and dynamic package installation). No direct malicious payloads or backdoors are evident. The main concern lies in the dynamic schema processing and environment-driven package installation, which could be exploited if inputs are maliciously crafted or environment variables manipulated. Overall, moderate security risk; careful validation and input sanitization recommended.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.25,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 4
}