{
  "purpose": "This module provides a client interface for interacting with Frontegg AI Agents, managing tools, tokens, and transport sessions.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (FRONTEGG_STAGING_OVERRIDE), configuration parameters (agent_id, client_secret, client_id), user-provided JWT tokens, and data received from API responses.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request bodies and headers (for JWT and token handling), data returned from API calls, and dynamic code execution within the nested functions.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence domain selection, configuration parameters influence HTTP headers, API responses (JWT tokens) update internal state, and functions execute HTTP requests that process or send sensitive data.",
  "anomalies": "Use of environment variable 'FRONTEGG_STAGING_OVERRIDE' for domain override could be misused to redirect traffic if environment is manipulated. The method 'call_tool' involves running asyncio event loops which could be misused for nested event loop attacks, but in this context it appears standard. No hardcoded credentials are present, and API tokens are retrieved dynamically. The dynamic creation of models from JSON schemas and the '_run' method's attempt to auto-install 'nest_asyncio' may be unusual but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a client for interacting with external services, primarily managing JWT tokens and HTTP communication. The sensitive data such as client secret and client ID are stored in configuration and sent over HTTPS, which is secure if the environment is controlled. The code dynamically creates models from JSON schemas and adapts MCP tools into CrewAI tools, which appears intended for flexible plugin support. The use of environment variables for domain override can be exploited if environment manipulation occurs, but this is a common pattern. The code does not contain any direct evidence of malicious payloads or backdoors; all API interactions are legitimate, and no suspicious network activities or data exfiltration mechanisms are apparent. The dynamic model creation and method of handling event loops are standard for such clients, though their complexity warrants cautious deployment. There is no indication of code injection, remote code execution, or hidden malicious behavior within this code fragment.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate client implementation for managing AI tools and authentication with external services. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. Usage of environment variables and dynamic model creation is within expected patterns, though they should be monitored in deployment contexts. Overall, the package seems designed for normal operation, with no immediate security threats identified.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}