{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for data formatting, color palette generation, and data normalization, likely for visualization or reporting purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from pandas DataFrames (parameters in functions like to_percentage and normalize_to_percent), and it imports various external libraries for visualization and color manipulation.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points are primarily through DataFrame operations that handle sensitive or aggregated data, but no explicit data exfiltration or insecure data handling is present. No network or file system operations are observed.",
  "flows": "Data is read from DataFrame inputs, processed within functions (grouping, summing, normalizing), and returned as new DataFrames or lists. No untrusted input sources or external data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior such as code execution, dynamic code loading, or backdoors. The code uses standard library functions and third-party modules for visualization and data formatting. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The print statements are typical debugging outputs and not suspicious. The code appears straightforward and consistent with typical data processing scripts.",
  "analysis": "The code is composed of utility functions for formatting numerical data, generating color palettes, and normalizing data percentages. All operations are standard data transformations, with no indications of malicious intent. The libraries used are popular visualization and data processing packages. There are no signs of obfuscated code, external network communication, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The print statements are benign and intended for debugging or informational purposes. The code does not handle or manipulate sensitive credentials, nor does it perform operations that could compromise system security. Overall, the code is safe and intended for data presentation tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard data processing and visualization utility script with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It performs common formatting, color generation, and normalization tasks without any suspicious or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}