{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of classes and methods for executing, managing, and processing SQL statements within a Databricks environment, with compatibility for serverless and short-lived applications, enabling data retrieval and schema handling.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external links (via HTTP requests), input SQL statements, and configuration/environment variables. External links provide chunked data, and environment/config may influence behavior.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks through external HTTP GET requests; conversion of data from external sources; exception raising for error states.",
  "flows": "SQL statements are executed via the Databricks SDK, with status polling; data chunks from external links are fetched via HTTP GET and processed; errors may trigger exceptions, especially in status checking and data conversion.",
  "anomalies": "Use of deprecated warnings; reliance on external links and HTTP requests for data retrieval; no explicit hardcoded credentials or secrets; complex dynamic code with factory methods; extensive error handling, but no suspicious backdoors or hidden behaviors. The presence of dynamic SQL modification (adding LIMIT) and data conversions are typical in SQL wrappers.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a robust SQL execution and data handling utility tailored for Databricks environments. It includes detailed error handling, result conversion, and server/client timeout management. It fetches data over HTTP, which could be a concern if external links are maliciously manipulated, but this is a common pattern in external data processing. No code injection, backdoors, or covert data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. Use of warnings, dynamic method creation, and deprecation notices are legitimate for compatibility and development purposes. Overall, no malicious behavior or sabotage signals are detected; the design focuses on SQL execution and data streaming.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, security-conscious utility for executing SQL in Databricks with robust error handling and data processing. No indicators of malicious intent or sabotage are present. External HTTP data fetching is standard for chunked data retrieval, not inherently malicious, but should be monitored in a broader security context. Overall, the package appears safe based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}