{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Python API for executing SQL statements in a serverless or short-lived environment using Databricks SDK, including result fetching and data type conversion.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from function parameters (SQL statements), environment variables, and external links (via HTTP GET requests for external links).",
  "sinks": "External HTTP GET requests can potentially leak data; execution of SQL statements and cancellation via Databricks SDK; raising exceptions based on statement status.",
  "flows": "Input SQL statements -> execute() or fetch_all() -> external HTTP links for result chunks -> data conversion via type converters -> return or yield Rows; error handling may raise exceptions based on statement status.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. The code uses dynamic imports and abstracted external link fetching. There is no direct obfuscation or suspicious language features. The method _add_limit modifies SQL statements to enforce LIMIT 1, which is typical but should be checked for unintended behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured implementation of a SQL execution wrapper over Databricks SDK, designed for serverless environments with client-side polling and external link fetching for result chunks. It includes data type conversion, error handling, and timeout management. No malicious code or backdoors are evident. External link fetches could potentially be exploited if external links are compromised, but this is standard for chunked results. The use of random sleep introduces slight unpredictability in polling but is not malicious. The dynamic import handling and the deprecation warnings are benign. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate and aligned with typical serverless SQL client functionality.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a SQL client wrapper for Databricks SDK, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It safely manages external result fetching, error handling, and data conversion. The only concern might be reliance on external links for data, which depends on external link security, but this is inherent to the design rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}