{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of classes and functions for executing SQL statements via the Databricks SDK, fetching results, and converting them into a user-friendly Row format, primarily intended for serverless or short-lived applications.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'requests' library for external links, from the 'databricks.sdk' for SQL statement execution and result fetching, and from the input 'statement' string provided by the user.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if fetched data is mishandled or logged insecurely; however, no explicit sinks like network transmission of sensitive data or file writes are present in this code.",
  "flows": "Input SQL statement -> execution via Databricks SDK -> polling for status -> fetching chunks of data from external links or SDK responses -> conversion into Row objects; no evidence of untrusted data influencing system behavior beyond standard SQL execution flow.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. Use of 'random.random()' for sleep introduces non-deterministic delay but is standard for polling backoff. The code handles external links and JSON parsing securely; no obfuscated or malicious code present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of SQL statement execution and result fetching via Databricks SDK, with helper classes for data conversion. It uses external libraries like 'requests' for HTTP fetches, with standard security practices. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious operations are observed. Error handling for statement statuses is robust, and external links are fetched over secure HTTP responses. The use of 'random' for sleep is benign, serving as a backoff strategy. The code does not contain any obfuscated logic, nor does it send system data to unknown servers or perform unauthorized actions. Overall, the code adheres to typical secure patterns for its intended purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for executing and retrieving SQL query results in a serverless environment, with no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. It employs secure libraries and handles data correctly. There is a minimal risk of malicious activity; most issues would stem from misconfiguration or misuse rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}