{
  "purpose": "Execute an external command, decode its output, and verify it matches an expected output.",
  "sources": "The variable 'command' used in subprocess.check_output()",
  "sinks": "The subprocess.check_output() call which executes the command; the assert statement which compares output",
  "flows": "Input source: 'command' variable; flow: command execution via subprocess; sink: output decoding and assertion",
  "anomalies": "No validation or sanitization of 'command'; use of 'assert' for validation which can be disabled",
  "analysis": "The code executes an external command specified by 'command', decodes its output, and asserts that it equals 'want_output'. There is no input validation or sanitization, so if 'command' is influenced by untrusted input, it could lead to command injection. The use of 'assert' for output verification is typical in testing but can be bypassed if assertions are disabled. The code itself is straightforward, with no obfuscation or malicious code present. The primary security concern is the potential for command injection if 'command' is untrusted, which could lead to execution of arbitrary commands. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious activity. The obfuscation score is 0, as the code is clear and simple. The security risk score is around 0.4, reflecting the potential for command injection if inputs are untrusted. Overall, the code is safe in controlled environments but should be used with validated inputs to prevent security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard testing snippet that executes a command and verifies its output. No malware or obfuscation is present. The main security risk is command injection if 'command' is influenced by untrusted sources. The scores are appropriate; the malware and obfuscation scores are 0, and the security risk score is around 0.4. To improve security, validate or sanitize 'command' before execution when sourcing from untrusted inputs.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}