{
  "purpose": "This code provides CLI command extensions for managing Oracle Analytics instances, including creating instances and updating vanity URLs, with support for reading sensitive data from files.",
  "sources": "File inputs for IDCS access tokens, private keys, public certificates, and CA certificates; user-provided command line parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data from files that are directly inserted into parameters such as 'idcs_access_token', 'private_key', 'public_certificate', and 'ca_certificate'.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file inputs into variables, which are then assigned to parameters and passed to underlying OCI CLI commands via invocation. Files are read entirely and their contents inserted into parameters without sanitization.",
  "anomalies": "Use of file content insertion into parameters like 'private_key', 'public_certificate', 'ca_certificate', and 'idcs_access_token' without validation or encryption. No explicit validation or sanitization of file contents. No encryption or obfuscation of sensitive data. The code assumes trust in file contents, which can be risky if files are maliciously crafted.",
  "analysis": "The script extends OCI CLI commands for analytics instances and vanity URLs, reading sensitive data such as tokens, private keys, and certificates directly from files. These contents are read into memory and inserted into parameters that are likely used in secure communications or authentication. The code does not perform any validation, sanitization, or encryption on these sensitive inputs, which could pose security risks if the input files are maliciously altered. However, the code itself does not contain any suspicious network activity, backdoors, or malicious behavior. It mainly manipulates input files and passes their contents to underlying OCI commands. No obfuscated code, unusual runtime behavior, or hardcoded secrets are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical CLI extension with handling of sensitive data through file inputs. While it handles sensitive data directly, there is no evidence of malicious intent or malicious code insertion. It does, however, rely on the assumption that the files provided are secure and trustworthy. There is no indication of malware or supply chain sabotage within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}