{
  "purpose": "This code provides CLI command extensions for managing Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Analytics instances, vanity URLs, and network endpoints. It reads configuration files, processes user input, and invokes underlying OCI SDK commands.",
  "sources": "File inputs for tokens, certificates, and keys; command-line parameters; user-provided configuration data.",
  "sinks": "Content read from files assigned to parameters such as 'idcs_access_token', 'private_key', 'public_certificate', and 'ca_certificate' that could be used in sensitive operations.",
  "flows": "File contents are read into variables, potentially untrusted data flows into parameters for API calls, e.g., tokens, certificates, and keys, then passed to OCI SDK commands.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. Files are read and their contents assigned directly to parameters without validation or sanitization, which could be risky if files contain malicious data. No obfuscated code, unusual language features, or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code reads sensitive data such as tokens, private keys, and certificates from files and directly assigns them to parameters for subsequent API calls. There are no hardcoded secrets or credentials; all sensitive data is read from external files specified at runtime. The functions mainly serve to load file contents into parameters and invoke OCI SDK commands. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command execution, or network connections to suspicious domains. The code structure appears typical for CLI extensions, with safe handling of file inputs. Overall, there are no indications of malicious intent or malware, but the use of file contents directly in API parameters warrants careful management to prevent misuse if files are compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard CLI extension script for OCI Analytics, securely reading and passing external data to API calls without hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code. No malicious behavior or supply chain attacks are evident. Risks are minimal, mainly related to external file content integrity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}