{
  "purpose": "This code defines various classes and enumerations for parsing and representing metadata attributes related to .NET assemblies, types, methods, fields, and other related metadata structures.",
  "sources": "No explicit sources of untrusted data input; the code primarily sets up static mappings and enum definitions. The only potential source of external input could be through instantiation with external values, but no such input handling is present in the provided code.",
  "sinks": "No sinks for untrusted data or system effects are present. The code does not perform network operations, file I/O, system calls, or other potentially dangerous actions.",
  "flows": "No explicit data flows from external sources to dangerous sinks are observed. The classes are designed for metadata representation and do not process or execute untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a straightforward collection of metadata definitions and flag management classes. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is present. The code is well-structured and self-contained.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of static enum and class definitions for representing metadata flags, attributes, and tables related to .NET assembly parsing. It employs standard Python features such as enums, class attributes, and bitwise flag handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The logic is focused on metadata handling, which is safe. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation techniques are used. Overall, the code appears to serve a benign purpose for static analysis or metadata parsing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a non-malicious, static collection of enum and flag classes intended for parsing and representing .NET metadata. It contains no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It functions as a utility module for metadata handling with no external input processing or dangerous operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}