{
  "purpose": "This code manages PKCS#12 certificates, creates SSL contexts, and performs HTTPS requests with client certificates, including test routines for generating self-signed certificates.",
  "sources": "Reads PKCS#12 data from files or input parameters, generates cryptographic keys and certificates, and uses secrets.token_bytes for temporary password generation.",
  "sinks": "Network requests via the requests library, SSL context setup, and certificate validation functions.",
  "flows": "PKCS#12 data or files → SSL context creation with certificate validation → HTTPS request execution → optional test certificate generation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code detected. Use of secrets.token_bytes for ephemeral passwords is standard cryptographic practice. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscation present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard cryptographic operations, including loading PKCS#12 certificates, checking certificate validity, creating SSL contexts, and executing HTTPS requests with client certificates. Test routines generate self-signed certificates securely. No backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code follows best practices for cryptography and network security, with proper cleanup of temporary files and validation steps. No obfuscation or suspicious anomalies are detected. The use of cryptography libraries and secure random bytes aligns with security standards. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, security-focused utility for SSL/TLS client certificate handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate cryptographic utility for managing PKCS#12 certificates and making secure HTTPS requests. It contains no malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscation. The low malware and obfuscation scores are justified, and the overall security risk is minimal. It is safe for use in supply chain contexts, assuming proper handling of sensitive data in deployment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}