{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom enumeration framework for Python, including metaclass logic for enum creation, member management, and utility functions. It appears to be intended for defining enumerations with additional features.",
  "sources": "Code reads class attributes during Enum class creation, accesses class variables such as _value_map_ and _member_map_, and invokes special methods like __new__, __call__, and property getters. No external input sources or data reading points are evident.",
  "sinks": "No sinks found that could lead to data leaks or security issues. The code does not perform network operations, file I/O, or execute untrusted input.",
  "flows": "The code constructs enum classes and members internally; no data flows from external untrusted sources to sensitive sinks. The primary flow involves internal class attribute management and method calls for enum behavior.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no obfuscated parts, no hardcoded secrets, and no unusual code patterns. The implementation is complex but consistent with advanced enum definitions. No backdoors or malicious code constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a custom enum system, including a metaclass for handling enum member creation, access, iteration, and property management. It does not process external input in a malicious way. No network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification code is present. All functions are related to enum management and do not pose security risks. The complexity and use of metaclasses might obscure understanding but do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a sophisticated implementation of enum-like classes with custom behaviors. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is a self-contained enumeration utility with no external malicious interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}