{
  "purpose": "The code implements a client for the Lolibooru API to search and retrieve images and tags, providing methods for querying, filtering, and formatting results.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters from function arguments (query, block, limit, page), and fetches data via the imported 'request' and 'request_wildcard' functions, which likely handle network requests.",
  "sinks": "Returns processed data via 'better_object' and 'parse_image' functions; also constructs URLs using 'get_hostname'. No direct sinks that send data externally without control.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to generate API request parameters; data is fetched from the network ('request', 'request_wildcard'), then processed and returned. No evident flow of untrusted data into system-critical operations.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 're.findall' for block/tag filtering could be vulnerable if misused, but appears safe here. No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code detected. Functions seem straightforward and appropriately use external request functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard API client that performs network requests to fetch images and tags from Lolibooru, then processes and returns data. It validates input parameters to prevent overly large limits and ensures block tags do not match the query. No suspicious or malicious behavior observed. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activities are evident. The use of external request functions is typical; their implementation would determine actual network security but isn't provided here. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate client without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate API client for Lolibooru with no apparent malicious behavior or security risks. It validates inputs properly and handles data fetching and processing in a typical manner. No malware or malicious payloads are detected based on this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}