{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for numerical calculations, data clipping, and random integer generation, likely intended for financial or data processing tasks.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, including numbers, decimals, and range limits. It also uses the random module for generating random integers.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe sinks include the random.randint call, which generates pseudo-random numbers, and the use of decimal.Decimal with user-supplied input in some functions, which could lead to unexpected behavior if inputs are untrusted.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function inputs through calculations or checks, such as quantization, truncation, or range clipping. For example, 'number' is read in quantise, then processed, and the result returned; similarly, min/max values are checked in clip_to_range.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard libraries with no obfuscated or unusual language features. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The only function that could pose a concern is random_int, which generates pseudo-random numbers, but this is a common utility and not malicious. There are no signs of data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be standard utility functions for numerical processing, rounding, and range clipping, using common Python libraries such as decimal and random. There is no evidence of malicious intent or behavior. The random number generation is controlled and predictable, with proper input validation. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code patterns are observed. The functions are well-documented and do not perform any network or file operations that could indicate malware. The only potentially sensitive part is the random number generator, which is typical for such utilities and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of numerical utility functions with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses standard practices and libraries. The only consideration is the use of randomness, which is expected and not suspicious. Overall, the code appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}