{
  "purpose": "This code defines a FastMCP server with resources and tools for managing AI agents, including listing models and tools, creating, retrieving status, and terminating agents.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data (catalog), user inputs (model_id, tools, prompt, context, agent_id), and system states via database and catalog load functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include error messages with sensitive info, database operations, agent launching, and termination commands. The code constructs URLs for streaming and interacts with external container management.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs (e.g., model_id, tools, agent_id) through validation and database functions, then to agent launching or termination processes, and returns status or error messages.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. The code contains standard resource and tool management logic. No suspicious network activity or obfuscated code present. The use of asynchronous context management and direct external system calls appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical server resource management tasks, including lifecycle management, input validation, database interactions, and agent control. Functions validate inputs against a catalog, create agents, launch containers, and terminate them. External URLs are constructed using server attributes, but no hardcoded or suspicious URLs are present. No signs of backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious code behaviors are evident. The code's structure and logic appear consistent with standard application behavior. No obfuscation or malware-like constructs are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate server implementation for managing AI agents, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It performs expected functions without suspicious or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}