{
  "purpose": "This code defines a mapping dictionary named 'derived_age_to_age_end' with numeric keys and values, likely used for data processing or lookup operations related to age ranges or code points.",
  "sources": "The dictionary is a static data structure defined within the code; no external data input or data reading operations are present.",
  "sinks": "No external output functions or data sinks are present. The code does not perform any data output or system modification.",
  "flows": "There are no data flows from sources to sinks, as the code only declares a static dictionary without dynamic processing or data manipulation.",
  "anomalies": "The dictionary contains extensive numeric mappings with large integer keys and values, many of which correspond to Unicode code point ranges and special code point blocks. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are evident. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution present. The data appears to be a static mapping possibly related to Unicode ranges or character blocks.",
  "analysis": "The code solely consists of a large, static dictionary initialization mapping integer keys to integer values. The pattern suggests the mapping is related to Unicode code point ranges or categorization, such as age-related code point ranges, emoji, or script blocks. There are no functions, external data access, or malicious indicators like network calls, file access, or dynamic execution. The code does not perform any operations beyond defining a data structure, and thus poses no immediate security risk or malicious behavior. The size and complexity do not indicate obfuscation but rather a comprehensive static dataset.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a static, large dictionary mapping integers to integers, likely representing Unicode or similar ranges. It contains no malicious behavior, no external data access, and no harmful operations. It appears to be a benign data definition used for lookup purposes in larger systems.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}