{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive interface for interacting with various blockchain data through the Moralis API, including wallet, token, NFT, transaction, and resource information. It appears intended for blockchain analytics and data retrieval.",
  "sources": "Environment variable loading (MORALIS_API_KEY), user input parameters for each function (addresses, hashes, dates, etc.), and API calls to evm_api functions with parameters derived from these inputs.",
  "sinks": "API calls that transmit parameters such as addresses, hashes, or IDs to external Moralis endpoints, which may potentially be exploited if user input is maliciously crafted. There are no other data sinks like file I/O or network connections beyond these API requests.",
  "flows": "User or external input (e.g., addresses, hashes, dates) flows into API parameter construction, which then flows into API calls to evm_api functions, transmitting data to external services.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no unusual or suspicious code patterns. Use of environment variables is standard. No signs of obfuscation or hidden code. The code is primarily a structured wrapper around API calls with straightforward parameter passing. No evidence of backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple API wrapper functions for blockchain data retrieval, all of which accept user-provided input parameters such as addresses, hashes, block numbers, dates, and other filters. These inputs are used to construct API request parameters, which are then sent to external endpoints. No data is stored locally or transmitted elsewhere besides legitimate API calls. The functions do not perform any harmful operations like code execution, data leakage, or unauthorized system access. The inclusion of environment variables for API keys is standard and necessary for authorized access. The code appears to be a legitimate API wrapper for blockchain data analytics, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected. The overall structure and content are consistent with a data retrieval utility library.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of API wrapper functions designed for blockchain data access via Moralis. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. It does not contain obfuscated code or malicious payloads. It is a standard, well-structured utility for blockchain analytics.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}