{
  "purpose": "This code serves as a wrapper and interface for various blockchain data retrieval and analysis functions via the Moralis API, facilitating data access for wallets, NFTs, tokens, transactions, and other blockchain resources.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (MORALIS_API_KEY), user-provided parameters (addresses, transaction hashes, etc.), API calls to Moralis API endpoints.",
  "sinks": "API calls transmitting data over the network, potential logging or display of sensitive information, and the main function executing server run commands.",
  "flows": "Sources (user input/env variables) feed into API request parameters; these are then sent via network calls to Moralis API endpoints; the responses are returned and potentially processed or displayed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials; no evident malicious code or backdoors; code structure is typical for an API wrapper module. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, and no suspicious logic detected. Use of environment variables for API keys is standard, but their presence should be secured in production. No data leaks or privacy violations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a comprehensive suite of blockchain data retrieval tools, each wrapping specific API endpoints. It loads environment variables securely, utilizes a tool decorator for API functions, and includes a main entry point for server operation. The API calls appear standard, with no indications of malicious payloads or sabotage. All data handling seems legitimate, focused on data retrieval and analysis. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The functions mainly pass parameters to Moralis API calls, which is typical for such SDK wrappers. Overall, the code's structure and logic are consistent with legitimate blockchain data access tools.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate API wrapper for blockchain data retrieval with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It leverages Moralis API for various blockchain analytics functions and runs as a server, with standard security practices like environment variable usage. No malicious behavior or backdoors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}