{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive set of tools for interacting with blockchain data via Moralis API, including wallet, token, NFT, transaction, and resource management functionalities.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (MORALIS_API_KEY, DEFAULT_CHAIN, DEFAULT_LIMIT), user input parameters for API calls, and possibly external data provided to the API functions.",
  "sinks": "API calls to Moralis API endpoints with the API key; potential data leakage if the API key is exposed or misused. No direct data leaks in code, but sensitive info like API keys are stored in environment variables.",
  "flows": "Input sources (env variables, function parameters) flow into API request parameters, which are sent over network to Moralis endpoints. No untrusted data flow into system commands or unsafe code execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a large, systematic API wrapper without suspicious logic. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident besides the environment variable. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns observed. All functions are straightforward wrappers; no dynamic code execution or hidden backdoors. Usage of the API key is appropriate. No code injection, system commands, or data exfiltration logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of a structured collection of API wrapper functions for blockchain data via Moralis, with environment variable loading and a main function to start the server. It does not perform any file operations, network communication beyond API calls, or execute external commands. No suspicious or malicious patterns such as code injection, backdoors, or data theft mechanisms are present. The API key handling relies on environment variables, which is standard. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are used. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, well-organized API wrapper with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a secure and standard implementation of an API wrapper for blockchain data access, with no malicious behavior detected. It handles sensitive info appropriately and does not contain any backdoors or sabotage mechanisms.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}