{
  "purpose": "The code implements an asynchronous Slack webhook client for sending messages with optional attachments, blocks, and response types, via HTTP POST requests.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration parameters during initialization, including URL, headers, authentication, and optional SSL/proxy settings. Uses external functions to build request bodies and headers. Reads response data via HTTP response text.",
  "sinks": "Performs HTTP POST requests to a specified URL, sending JSON-encoded bodies, with potential inclusion of untrusted input in request bodies and headers. Reads response content, potentially untrusted if the response is malicious.",
  "flows": "User-provided input (body, headers, auth, URL, etc.) flows into HTTP request construction. The request is sent via aiohttp, and response data flows back to be parsed and returned as a WebhookResponse object.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual language features observed. The code handles JSON responses and logging securely. Uses standard libraries and external dependencies appropriately.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of an asynchronous webhook client for Slack, with clear separation of concerns, proper handling of request construction, response parsing, and resource management. It utilizes provided utility functions for body and header building. No suspicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code relies on external libraries and functions, but nothing appears malicious within this fragment. There are no signs of data exfiltration, unauthorized access, or covert channels.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a Slack webhook client with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It handles data transmission securely and correctly. Based on the provided code, the malware score is low, and the security risk score is also low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}