{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Python library for interacting with Microsoft Graph API, including OAuth authentication, file and folder management, SharePoint site operations, and file download/upload functionalities, primarily for use with Robot Framework.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include: OAuth tokens, user input parameters (such as URLs, file paths, IDs), API responses, and data retrieved from SharePoint and OneDrive services.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink points include: Network requests to external URLs (e.g., get/destroy tokens, download/upload files, sharepoint API calls), JSON response parsing, and file system write operations (downloaded files).",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs (user-supplied URLs, IDs, tokens) through API calls and method parameters, possibly involving URL encoding and token refresh flows, leading to file system operations (downloads/uploads).",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or secrets; it handles tokens securely via token backend. No use of obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, and no unusual variable naming. The only suspicious aspect could be the base64 URL encoding for share links, which is standard practice. No backdoors or malicious logic observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a wrapper around the O365 library, adding extra functionality for file management, SharePoint interaction, and OAuth handling. All network requests are driven by standard API interactions; no code indicates data exfiltration, system disruption, or malicious activity. The only noteworthy point is the encoding of share URLs for access, which is a legitimate method for handling shared links. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The token management appears secure, with optional vault integration marked as unimplemented but designed for security. There are no signs of code injection, malicious data leakage, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured API wrapper for managing files and SharePoint resources via Microsoft Graph, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It emphasizes secure handling of tokens and standard API practices. Minor unimplemented features are noted but not malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}