{
  "purpose": "This code defines a filtering system for ORM models, allowing dynamic construction of database queries based on user-provided filter parameters, including sorting and search functionalities.",
  "sources": "Data is read from class attributes such as 'filtering_fields', 'ordering_values', and 'self', as well as from method parameters 'query' and 'value'. It also reads model attributes via 'getattr' during filtering and sorting.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted input 'value' can be used in filter expressions, particularly in 'filter' method when calling ORM attribute methods like 'ilike' and 'operator' functions such as '__gt__'. The 'query.filter' and 'query.order_by' methods are sinks where untrusted data could influence SQL execution.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., 'filtering_fields' and 'ordering_values') flows into filter and sort methods, which construct ORM query expressions dynamically. User input in 'value' is used to generate filter expressions via ORM model attributes and operator functions, then passed into 'query.filter' or 'query.order_by'.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. Use of 'warn' for deprecation notice is benign. Dynamic attribute access ('getattr') based on user input could be risky if model attributes are not properly controlled, but this is standard for dynamic query filters. No obfuscated code, code injection, or malware indicators are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a dynamic filtering system with a focus on safe use of ORM attributes. It translates string-based filter parameters into ORM filter expressions, with built-in support for various operators and search functionality. No malicious behavior such as network communication, file manipulation, or data exfiltration is detected. The dynamic attribute access is typical in ORM filtering but requires controlled model definitions to prevent misuse. The use of 'warn' and simple lambda functions indicates straightforward code with no obfuscation or hidden malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured dynamic filtering utility for ORM models. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks are evident. The use of dynamic attribute access is typical for such filters and does not suggest malicious intent. Overall, the code poses no significant security risks or malware indications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}