{
  "purpose": "This code initializes imports based on Python version and attempts to import a specific package ('biocgenerics') dynamically, then imports several functions and variables from local modules.",
  "sources": "The code reads system version info (sys.version_info), attempts to import 'PackageNotFoundError' and a module (LRyvXJImUcpwxbGdEDaSYXlQiKAgbmkI) from importlib.metadata or importlib_metadata, and reads a string 'biocgenerics' for dynamic import. It also imports specific functions/variables from local modules.",
  "sinks": "The code does not show any data sinks or direct data flows involving untrusted inputs. The only dynamic operation is attempting to import a package, with handling for its absence.",
  "flows": "The flow involves reading system info, attempting to import a package dynamically, and fallback to a default string if the package isn't found. No untrusted data is processed into sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated-looking variable names, dynamic import based on package existence, and import of a potentially unknown package 'biocgenerics'. No visible malicious actions such as data exfiltration, network activity, or code execution are present. The obfuscation could be for hiding malicious intent, but it may also be for obfuscation or code clarity.",
  "analysis": "The code starts by checking Python version and imports different modules accordingly. It then attempts to import a specific package ('biocgenerics') dynamically, capturing its failure gracefully. The package name is stored in a variable and the import result stored or marked as 'unknown'. Afterwards, it imports multiple functions and variables from local modules, with obfuscated variable names. There are no network connections, data leaks, or malicious code present. The obfuscation of variable names and dynamic import could be suspicious but not conclusively malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to perform version-dependent imports and attempts to load a package dynamically, with fallback handling. No evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or malicious code execution was found. The obfuscated variable names may warrant further review but are not inherently malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}