{
  "purpose": "The code automates the process of building a standalone executable from a Python script using PyInstaller, including cleanup tasks.",
  "sources": "Reads the filename input, checks for PyInstaller's presence, and constructs the command to run PyInstaller.",
  "sinks": "Executes shell command via subprocess.run with shell=True, which runs the PyInstaller command; performs file operations such as delete and move that could affect system files.",
  "flows": "User provides filename -> build() constructs command -> subprocess runs the command -> file system operations for cleanup and moving the executable.",
  "anomalies": "Uses subprocess with shell=True, which can be risky if filename input is not sanitized. No validation or sanitization of filename provided. The code deletes specific directories and files unconditionally, which could be exploited if malicious input is supplied. The script assumes standard build folder structure and filenames, which may be manipulated.",
  "analysis": "The code's main function is to automate building a Python executable via PyInstaller. It performs environment checks for PyInstaller, constructs a command line, and executes it via subprocess with shell=True. The subprocess call and subsequent file operations like delete and move can be exploited if an attacker supplies malicious or crafted filenames, leading to potential deletion of arbitrary files or execution of unintended commands if filename is maliciously crafted. However, there is no direct evidence of malicious code or backdoors. The use of shell=True is a security concern, especially since filenames are not sanitized. The cleanup operations assume specific filenames and directories, which if manipulated, could result in unintended file deletions or modifications.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward automation script for building a Python executable with cleanup steps. It does not contain malicious behavior by design, but its use of subprocess with shell=True and lack of input validation pose security risks. No malware or malicious intent is evident, but the script's current implementation could be exploited if provided malicious input. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious behavior but has potential security risks due to its approach.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 5
}