{
  "purpose": "This code defines a resource class for managing SSH connections and tunnels, handling key authentication, file transfers, and connection configurations.",
  "sources": "Configuration parameters for remote host, port, username, password, key file, key string, and other SSH options.",
  "sinks": "SSH connection establishment, file transfer via SFTP, and tunnel forwarding; no suspicious data leaks or exfiltration detected.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into SSH connection setup and tunnel creation functions, with key handling and connection options influencing the connection process.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'key_string' for private key creation from plain strings; insecure options such as 'no_host_key_check' and 'allow_host_key_change' enabled by default; obfuscated variable names; potential reliance on unverified host keys.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard SSH resource implementation with configurable options. It handles keys securely when provided as files or strings, and performs typical SSH and SFTP operations. However, it includes insecure practices such as disabling host key verification and allowing host key changes, which could be exploited in malicious scenarios. Variable naming is obfuscated, but this does not indicate malicious obfuscation. No hardcoded secrets or malicious payloads are present. The insecure options increase the attack surface but do not constitute malware. The code's structure and logic are consistent with legitimate SSH management utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SSH resource class with configurable security trade-offs. It does not contain malicious code or obfuscation for malicious intent. The primary concern is the insecure configuration options that could be exploited if misused. The malware score is 0, and the obfuscation score is moderate (~0.6) due to variable naming. The security risk score should reflect the insecure practices, approximately 0.75, given the potential for exploitation. Overall, the code is not malicious but warrants security review and default configuration improvements.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}