{
  "purpose": "A wrapper to locate and execute the 'protoc' compiler binary based on OS-specific paths, facilitating its invocation with provided arguments.",
  "sources": "The function exec_protoc reads command-line arguments from sys.argv or parameters passed to it.",
  "sinks": "The os.execv call executes the external 'protoc' binary with the provided arguments, potentially passing untrusted input directly.",
  "flows": "Input arguments from sys.argv or function parameters flow directly into os.execv, which replaces the current process with the protoc process.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, hidden code, or malicious payloads detected. The code does not validate or sanitize input arguments before execution, which could be a security concern if inputs are untrusted.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward wrapper that constructs paths to the protoc executable based on the operating system and executes it with supplied arguments. It uses standard Python modules and functions, with no obfuscation or malicious logic. The primary security consideration is that it passes command-line arguments directly to os.execv without validation, which could lead to command injection if inputs are untrusted. However, this is typical for such wrapper scripts. The malware score is appropriately zero, as no malicious activity is present. The obfuscated score is zero, given the code's clarity. The risk score is low (~0.2), reflecting the potential danger if external inputs are malicious, but the code itself is safe and does not contain malicious payloads or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a benign, standard wrapper for executing the 'protoc' compiler. It does not contain malware, obfuscation, or malicious intent. The main concern is the handling of untrusted input arguments, which should be sanitized externally. The current scores are appropriate and consistent with the code's behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}