{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes for processing and visualizing geoscientific data including grain size, XRF element analysis, and stratigraphy, primarily for scientific research purposes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external files via pandas.read_excel and pandas.read_csv; user input is not directly handled; file paths are parameters for data loading functions.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks like network connections, command execution, or system modifications; data outputs are mostly visualizations saved as image files and CSV exports.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file reading methods into pandas DataFrames, then through processing methods (normalization, categorization, statistical calculations) and into visualization functions that generate plots and save figures.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated logic. The regex patterns are standard for string parsing. No dynamic code execution or external command calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly performs data loading, cleaning, processing, and visualization for geoscientific datasets. It uses well-known libraries such as pandas, numpy, matplotlib, seaborn, with standard data handling and plotting techniques. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage; the functions are typical for data analysis workflows. The data cleaning functions handle string parsing with regex and index manipulation securely. No network activity, code injection, or secret exfiltration routines are observed. The code relies on external files but only reads from them, with no evident code that sends or exfiltrates data. The plotting functions save images locally, which is expected behavior. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate, clean, and aligned with scientific data processing tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of data analysis and visualization routines for geoscientific datasets. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are detected. The code performs typical data handling, normalization, statistical analysis, and plotting without any suspicious or harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}