{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes for data analysis and visualization related to geological core samples, including grain size distribution, XRF elemental analysis, and stratigraphy plotting.",
  "sources": "File input via load_data methods (Excel and CSV files); DataFrame attribute access; User-defined parameters for file paths, sheet names, and column selections.",
  "sinks": "Potential data output to CSV files (e.g., create_categories, compare_gs, create_stats_df); saving figures to image files; DataFrame attribute access and modifications.",
  "flows": "Data is loaded from external files (Excel, CSV) into DataFrames (sources), processed or transformed within class methods, and optionally saved as CSV or images (sinks).",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. No obfuscated code features are present. The code relies on standard libraries and common data processing methods.",
  "analysis": "The classes use typical data processing and visualization techniques with pandas, numpy, and matplotlib. File paths are provided via parameters, avoiding hardcoded secrets. The load_data methods read from files, and output files are saved through explicit save functions, with user-defined paths. The code does not include any network communication, system command execution, or other behavior that could be malicious. No signs of data leakage, credential theft, or covert data exfiltration are observed. The functions operate on dataframes, and their operations are standard and safe. No obfuscation or malware-like patterns are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate data analysis and visualization tool for geological core samples. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage patterns. The functionality is typical for scientific data processing. Security risks are minimal, and no malware is detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}