{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and methods for analyzing and visualizing geoscientific data such as grain size distributions, XRF elemental analysis, and stratigraphy. It is intended for data processing, cleaning, normalization, statistical analysis, and plotting of core sample datasets.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external files using pandas' read_excel and read_csv functions, with filenames or file paths provided as parameters. Data is also received through class constructors, such as 'dataframe' parameters, or set via load_data methods.",
  "sinks": "Data is primarily used within the program for analysis and plotting. The code contains no network communication, no file writing (except optional CSV exports for certain categories), and no system command execution or environment variable access.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file input into pandas DataFrames, then through various processing functions such as normalization, categorization, and statistical calculations. These processed dataframes are then used for plotting or exported as CSV files. No untrusted data is ever used in system commands or external calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code predominantly uses standard libraries and pandas for data processing. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. No sensitive data handling such as environment variables or credentials is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured into classes that handle data import, cleaning, normalization, analysis, and visualization, with explicit file input/output via pandas. The functions rely on user-provided filenames and parameters, with no evident insecure practices. The only potential concern is the optional CSV export functions, which could be misused if filenames are supplied from untrusted sources, but this is a common pattern for data export. No network operations, system commands, or secret handling are present. The code appears to be a legitimate scientific analysis toolkit with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard data analysis library focused on geoscience datasets. It contains no malicious code, no suspicious data handling, and no external communications. It is safe in terms of security risks, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}