{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes for analyzing and visualizing geoscientific data, including grain size distribution, XRF elemental data, and stratigraphy, intended for scientific data processing and plotting.",
  "sources": "File inputs for Excel and CSV files, including load_data methods for reading data from specified filenames, sheet names, and parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential data outputs include CSV and PNG files for saving figures and processed data, and dataframes manipulated in-memory. No network transmission or external data leaks are apparent.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file inputs through data loading functions, into class attributes, with transformations such as normalization, categorization, statistical calculations, and plotting functions acting on in-memory data. No untrusted external sources or sinks appear to be exploited for malicious purposes.",
  "anomalies": "The code exhibits no signs of malicious behavior such as hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. There are no obfuscated sections, dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors. External library usage is standard for data analysis and visualization. No suspicious data handling or network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "A thorough review of all class methods and code sections shows standard data processing routines for scientific analysis, including reading Excel and CSV files, data transformation, normalization, statistical computations, and plotting. No suspicious or malicious activities are detected, such as data exfiltration, command injection, or hidden network communications. The code operates solely on local data files and generates visual outputs. No hardcoded secrets or potential backdoors are found. The only potentially risky aspect is saving figures and CSV files, which is typical for data analysis pipelines. Overall, the code is well-structured, standard for scientific data analysis, and contains no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of scientific data processing and visualization classes with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs typical operations like reading data, statistical analysis, and plotting without any indicators of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}