{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes and functions for analyzing and visualizing geological core data, including grain size, XRF, and stratigraphy information.",
  "sources": "Data loaded from Excel files via pandas.read_excel; parameters such as filenames, sheet names, and column selections; user input in function calls.",
  "sinks": "Data outputs to CSV files; figures saved as PNG images; data manipulation functions that modify internal DataFrames.",
  "flows": "Data is read from files (load_data methods), processed within class methods, and optionally saved or visualized (plot functions); no untrusted input flows directly into critical sink functions without validation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments detected. No obfuscated code, misleading variables, or dynamic execution. The code appears standard for data analysis routines with proper handling of DataFrames.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard libraries for data analysis (pandas, numpy, matplotlib, seaborn) with typical data loading, processing, and plotting functions. No malicious behaviors such as network access, system commands, or data exfiltration are present. The methods perform file reading, data cleaning, calculations, and visualization without any suspicious logic. There are no dynamic code executions, obfuscated segments, or hardcoded secrets. External inputs are filenames and parameters; outputs are figures and CSV files. The functions follow conventional patterns for data analysis tasks. Overall, the code is straightforward, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, designed for scientific data processing and visualization in geoscience applications. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It performs expected data handling and plotting operations without any suspicious or malicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}