{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions for loading, processing, analyzing, and visualizing geoscientific data such as grain size distributions, XRF measurements, and stratigraphy profiles. It is designed for scientific data analysis workflows.",
  "sources": "File reading functions (load_data methods), dataframes created from Excel or CSV files, regex pattern matching for parsing labels, and user-supplied filenames for saving outputs.",
  "sinks": "Exporting CSV files, saving figures as PNG images, and creating new dataframes (e.g., normalized data, categories, statistics). No external network or system command execution is involved.",
  "flows": "Data is loaded from files (load_data), processed internally (e.g., normalization, categorization, statistical calculations), and visualized via plotting functions. Data flows from file inputs through transformations to outputs like figures and CSVs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. No hardcoded secrets, no obfuscation, no dynamic code execution, and no external communication. Regex patterns are standard for label parsing.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of data handling and visualization classes for geoscience datasets. It uses standard libraries (pandas, numpy, matplotlib) and performs straightforward data operations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The functions are typical for scientific workflows, with file I/O, data transformations, statistical analyses, and plotting. The minor security risk score in one report likely reflects the potential for filename misuse, but this is a common and controlled aspect of data analysis scripts. Overall, the code is transparent, well-structured, and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate scientific data analysis toolkit with no malicious intent, obfuscation, or security risks. The scores assigned in the reports are consistent with the code's behavior, and no modifications are necessary.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}