{
  "purpose": "This script configures the build and setup process for the 'tesserocr' Python package, including dependencies, version detection, and compilation parameters.",
  "sources": "Reading version info from 'tesserocr/tesserocr.pyx', environment variables for library paths, subprocess calls to 'pkg-config', 'tesseract', and environment variables 'LIBPATH' and 'INCLUDE'.",
  "sinks": "Subprocess calls to external commands ('pkg-config', 'tesseract'), environment variable access ('LIBPATH', 'INCLUDE'), and file system access for libraries and include directories.",
  "flows": "Version info and configuration data flow from subprocess outputs and environment variables into build configuration, influencing compiler arguments and library inclusion.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual obfuscation detected. The code performs standard setup and configuration tasks. Use of subprocess for system calls is typical for build scripts but warrants caution if inputs are manipulated; however, here they appear to be controlled.",
  "analysis": "The code performs setup and configuration for building a Python extension module wrapping Tesseract OCR. It includes functions to read files, parse versions, invoke system package configuration tools ('pkg-config'), and locate libraries. It also handles platform-specific logic for Windows library discovery. The subprocess calls to 'pkg-config' and 'tesseract' are standard for retrieving build info. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is present. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The code relies on system tools and environment variables but does not perform unsafe operations beyond typical build configuration.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build setup script for a Python package with no signs of malicious intent. It performs system calls, reads environment variables, and configures build options responsibly. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indicators are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}