{
  "purpose": "The code is for configuring, building, and packaging a Python extension module ('tesserocr') that wraps the Tesseract OCR API using Cython.",
  "sources": "Reading version info from 'tesserocr/tesserocr.pyx', executing subprocess commands ('pkg-config', 'tesseract -v'), environment variables ('LIBPATH', 'INCLUDE'), and file system operations (glob, os.path functions).",
  "sinks": "Subprocess calls that execute external commands, environment variable access that could influence build behavior, and file system operations that could be manipulated via the environment or filesystem.",
  "flows": "The code reads version info and build flags from files and subprocesses, then uses this data to configure compilation; environment variables influence library and include paths; subprocess outputs influence build configuration.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not perform any obfuscated operations, hidden code, or dynamic code execution. It relies on standard subprocess and filesystem calls. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs build configuration for a Cython extension, invoking 'pkg-config' and 'tesseract -v' to determine library and version info. It reads version strings, processes environment variables ('LIBPATH', 'INCLUDE'), and searches for libraries on the filesystem. All subprocesses invoke standard system commands. No evidence of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or network communications, is present. The code does include logging for debugging and info purposes, which is standard for such build scripts. No obfuscated code or unusual control flow detected. The only potential concern is reliance on environment variables and external subprocess calls, which could be manipulated in malicious environments, but this is typical for build scripts. Overall, the code performs legitimate build setup functions with no suspicious or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard setup and build configuration script for a Python Cython extension, performing environment detection and configuration without any malicious or suspicious behavior. It does not include any malware, backdoors, or security risks beyond typical build environment dependencies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}