{
  "purpose": "Initialize package metadata and import submodules for the package.",
  "sources": "Metadata variables (__author__, __copyright__, __license__); import statements importing all symbols from current package and submodules 'files' and 'tasks'.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks; potential risk exists if imported submodules contain malicious code, but none is evident here.",
  "flows": "Metadata variables are set; wildcard imports bring in all symbols from the current package and specified submodules, which could potentially include malicious code if those modules are compromised.",
  "anomalies": "Use of wildcard imports ('from . import *') which can obscure imported symbols and potentially hide malicious code; no other anomalies detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is minimal, setting author, copyright, and license metadata, followed by broad imports using wildcard syntax. No malicious code, obfuscation, or network activity is visible. The wildcard imports pose a potential security concern because they can hide malicious code within the imported modules, but this cannot be confirmed without inspecting those modules. The malware score is appropriately set to 0, as no malicious activity is evident. The risk score is conservatively assigned between 0.2 and 0.4, reflecting the potential danger of hidden malicious code in imported modules. The confidence score is high (around 0.8), given the straightforward nature of the code and the lack of suspicious behavior. Overall, the code appears benign, with the primary concern being the import pattern, which warrants cautious monitoring but does not constitute an immediate threat.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical package initializer with metadata and broad imports. No malicious or obfuscated code is present. The main security concern is the use of wildcard imports, which could conceal malicious code in the imported modules. The current scores are appropriate, with malware and obfuscated scores at 0, and a moderate risk score reflecting the import pattern. Continuous review of the imported modules is recommended to ensure security.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}