{
  "purpose": "The code manages application data related to organizations and their relationships with courses, including creation, activation, inactivation, updates, and retrieval of organizations and their associated data.",
  "sources": "Data sources include input parameters for functions (dictionaries, tuples, iterables), data from database queries, and request data such as organization info, course keys, and relationship objects.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include database write operations (create, save, bulk_create, update), exceptions, and data serialization functions. No external network or file operations are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through deserialization and database queries, then potentially back into serialization outputs or database modifications. Activation/inactivation functions modify database records based on source data.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code, uncommon language features, or misleading variable names. The code performs standard CRUD operations with no hidden or suspicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code provides standard ORM-based management of organization entities and their relationships. It includes functions for batch creation, updating, activation, and deactivation, with proper handling of existing records and soft-deletion logic. No external network calls, code injection, or data leakage mechanisms are present. The data flow is straightforward, involving deserialization, database querying, and serialization for output. Error handling via exceptions is used appropriately. No malicious or sabotage behavior, backdoors, or privacy violations are detected. The code’s structure and logic are consistent with typical application data management modules.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical, well-structured data management layer for organizations and their course relationships, with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It operates purely within database and serialization contexts, with no external network or system manipulation observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}