{
  "purpose": "The code provides mechanisms for JSON schema validation, reference resolution from files or URLs, and schema extension for nullability and write-only properties. It facilitates validation workflows with custom loaders and error formatting.",
  "sources": "yaml.load() calls in FileHandler and URLHandler without explicit loader parameter; external network requests via requests.get; file access via open().",
  "sinks": "YAML deserialization in FileHandler and URLHandler, which can lead to code execution if input YAML is malicious; network responses and file reads that could process untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input data (YAML content or URLs) is fetched and parsed via yaml.load() in handlers, then used in schema validation; external references resolved via network or filesystem; potential malicious YAML could execute during load, affecting validation or system behavior.",
  "anomalies": "Use of yaml.load() without specifying Loader=yaml.SafeLoader or custom loader, which is a known security vulnerability; path construction in _uri_to_path() could be manipulated if inputs are untrusted, though intended for local files.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard schema validation and reference resolution with custom loaders for YAML. The main security concern is the use of yaml.load() without explicitly passing a safe loader, which can execute arbitrary code if malicious YAML is processed. No malicious payloads or obfuscation are detected. External data fetching is typical but could be exploited if inputs are untrusted. The YAML deserialization vulnerability warrants a higher security risk score. The malware score remains at 0, as no malicious behavior is evident. Obfuscation is not present. The overall risk should be increased to reflect the YAML parsing issue, recommending replacing yaml.load() with yaml.safe_load() or passing Loader=yaml.SafeLoader.",
  "conclusion": "The code is generally standard and well-structured for schema validation, with no active malicious behavior or obfuscation. The primary security concern is the unsafe use of yaml.load() without specifying a safe loader, which could lead to remote code execution if untrusted YAML input is processed. Addressing this by explicitly using yaml.safe_load() or passing the loader parameter would mitigate this risk. The malware score remains at 0, but the security risk should be elevated to approximately 0.5 to reflect this vulnerability.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}