{
  "purpose": "This code implements an asynchronous client for communicating with a server via HTTP and SSE, primarily for task management and notifications.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters and JSON payloads, especially in methods like send_task, get_task, cancel_task, set_task_callback, and get_task_callback.",
  "sinks": "Sends data to remote server endpoints via HTTP POST requests, and receives server-sent events (SSE). Data flows include request payloads and responses, but no direct data leaks are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> request object creation -> JSON serialization -> HTTP POST or SSE connection -> server response -> JSON parsing -> return response objects.",
  "anomalies": "Uses 'connect_sse' from 'httpx_sse' for SSE connections, which is typical for real-time updates. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious endpoints, or obfuscated code detected. The code structure appears standard. The only minor concern is the lack of timeout on SSE connection, but that is explicitly set in HTTP requests.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard asynchronous HTTP/SSE client for managing tasks and notifications. It constructs request objects from parameters, serializes to JSON, and sends requests to a specified URL. Error handling for JSON decoding and HTTP errors is present. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection. All dependencies are used for standard networking purposes. No suspicious hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are present. The 'connect_sse' usage is typical for server-sent events. The overall structure and flow are consistent with legitimate client implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an HTTP/SSE client for task management, with no evidence of malicious intent or supply chain attacks. It performs expected operations securely and correctly. There are no suspicious behaviors, backdoors, or malicious code detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}