{
  "purpose": "This code defines an asynchronous Python client for interacting with a remote service via HTTP and Server-Sent Events (SSE), handling task management and notifications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (payloads), environment variables (potentially in imported modules), and the network (HTTP requests and SSE streams).",
  "sinks": "The network requests (POST requests, SSE streams), response handling, and JSON parsing are the main sinks where untrusted data flows could lead to security issues.",
  "flows": "Input payloads are used to construct requests; these are sent over network via HTTP POST. SSE streams receive data, which is parsed as JSON and converted into response objects. Error handling may convert some errors into exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. Usage of unvalidated payloads in network requests is typical but not suspicious here. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution observed. The code appears to be standard for an API client.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs request objects from payloads and makes HTTP requests asynchronously, with proper exception handling for JSON and HTTP errors. SSE connection is established with a POST request, and incoming SSE data is parsed into response objects. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The use of external libraries (httpx, httpx_sse) is standard for HTTP communication. The code does not handle or store sensitive information beyond what is typical for an API client. No suspicious data leaks, malicious payload processing, or obfuscated behaviors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API client implementation for managing tasks and notifications with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It follows typical patterns for network communication and error handling. No suspicious or malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}