{
  "purpose": "This code implements an asynchronous client for communicating with a remote server via HTTP and Server-Sent Events (SSE), primarily for task management and notifications.",
  "sources": "Input payloads for methods like send_task, get_task, cancel_task, set_task_callback, get_task_callback, which originate from external callers or other parts of the application.",
  "sinks": "HTTP POST requests to the specified URL, especially in methods like _send_request and send_task_streaming, where untrusted data could be sent over the network. The code also processes incoming SSE data and HTTP responses.",
  "flows": "Input payloads are used to build request objects; these are serialized (via model_dump) and sent over HTTP in _send_request or through SSE in send_task_streaming; responses are parsed and returned to callers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, API keys, or secrets. Usage of connect_sse with client and dynamic URL handling is standard. The code does not perform any suspicious data exfiltration or backdoor activities. Exception handling is straightforward and does not contain hidden or obfuscated code. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features observed.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical implementation of an asynchronous HTTP client with SSE support. It validates the presence of either an agent_card or URL at initialization, which is standard. Methods prepare request objects, serialize them, and make network requests asynchronously, with proper error handling. No malicious patterns like dynamic code execution, suspicious network behavior, or data leaks are evident. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets, nor does it access environment variables or perform any malicious operations. The handling of responses and errors appears appropriate. Overall, the code looks clean, purposeful, and devoid of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions as a legitimate asynchronous client for task management and notifications, with no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles network communication securely and correctly. No security risks or malware behaviors are identified. The code is safe for use in the intended context.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}