{
  "purpose": "The script processes image files and their annotations, decoding and overlaying annotation masks onto images, then saving the results.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from a specified folder containing images and JSON annotation files, as well as environment variables through command-line arguments.",
  "sinks": "Writes processed images and masks to output folders; reads image files for overlays.",
  "flows": "Reads JSON annotation data and image files as input; decodes and processes annotation masks; overlays masks on images; saves images and masks to output directories.",
  "anomalies": "Uses a custom decompression and decoding function that processes embedded base64-encoded, zlib-compressed image data. No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. The image processing involves decompressing and decoding data, which is standard. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is apparent. No network communication or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to process image annotations by decoding embedded bitmap data, applying masks and polygons to create overlay masks, and saving the results. The functions involve decompressing base64-encoded data, converting it into images, and overlaying annotations. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication, or backdoors. The process appears to be typical for dataset preparation or annotation processing. No suspicious or malicious logic was found; the use of zlib and base64 is standard for handling compressed encoded data. The overall structure is straightforward, with no obfuscation, hidden code, or malicious intent evident.",
  "conclusion": "The script is designed for image annotation processing and does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. It performs typical image processing tasks without any suspicious or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}