{
  "purpose": "The code provides a class to interact with SharePoint folders, including creating, deleting, uploading, and managing files and folders via REST API calls.",
  "sources": "Input sources include method parameters (folder_name, file_name, content, comment, relative_url) and responses from HTTP POST/GET requests.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the HTTP request functions (post, get) where untrusted data can be sent to external servers or APIs. The code also handles file uploads and deletions, which could be exploited if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method parameters (e.g., file_name, content, comment) through API call URLs and headers, with responses processed internally. Inputs could influence HTTP request URLs and headers, potentially leading to malicious requests if inputs are untrusted.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded credentials or secrets. Usage of contextinfo and headers appears standard. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. No dynamic code execution or unusual control flow observed. No data leaks or privacy violations detected.",
  "analysis": "The class performs standard SharePoint REST API interactions: creating/deleting folders/files, uploading content, and managing file checkouts. All sensitive data (like 'FormDigestValue') is retrieved dynamically via API responses, not hardcoded. Inputs are primarily method parameters, and HTTP requests are made through imported 'post' and 'get' functions. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized access. The code appears to be a legitimate API wrapper with no suspicious features.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a SharePoint folder and file management utility with no evident malicious intent. It securely retrieves necessary tokens and interacts with the API in a typical manner. There are no signs of malware, malicious data flow, or security breaches based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}