{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for downloading, verifying, and handling archives from various cloud storage services such as Dropbox, Google Drive, and OneDrive.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from URLs provided as function arguments, environment variables (implicitly via requests), and local files on disk.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include writing files to disk, making HTTP requests, and executing system commands (though commented out).",
  "flows": "Data flows from URLs (sources) through download functions, where they are fetched via HTTP requests, saved to local files, and optionally verified with MD5 checksums.",
  "anomalies": "Commented-out code for using subprocess with curl indicates previous or potential alternative download methods, but it's inactive; no hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The use of Playwright for automating browser actions in OneDrive download is a notable dynamic behavior but not malicious. No obfuscated code or malicious payloads are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily handles downloading files from cloud services, verifying their integrity, and managing redirects and URL parsing. It uses standard libraries for hashing, URL parsing, and HTTP requests. The only notable dynamic operation involves browser automation via Playwright for OneDrive downloads, which could be used to bypass restrictions but is not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns such as code injection, data exfiltration, or system manipulation are present. Commented-out code for curl-based downloads suggests previous implementations or alternative approaches but does not execute. Overall, the code appears to perform legitimate download and verification tasks without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for downloading and verifying archives from cloud services with no evident malicious behavior or backdoors. It uses common techniques and libraries appropriately. There is no indication of malicious payloads or sabotage. The dynamic browser automation is a legitimate approach for handling OneDrive downloads, not malicious in this context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}