{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to download files from cloud storage services (Dropbox, Google Drive, OneDrive), handle URL redirection, extract filenames, verify file integrity via MD5 checksum, and support partial downloads. It automates the download process using requests, urllib, and browser automation (Playwright for OneDrive).",
  "sources": "URL input for cloud services, HTTP response headers for filename extraction, local file system for checksum verification and partial download resumption.",
  "sinks": "Writing downloaded data to local files, potential network requests for download, and URL redirection handling. No untrusted data sinks that could lead to data exfiltration or code injection are present.",
  "flows": "Input URL -> URL redirection handling -> hostname validation -> service-specific download URL retrieval -> file download with progress bar -> filename extraction -> optional checksum verification -> file saved locally.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of commented-out subprocess code for curl, which could be malicious if re-enabled; use of Playwright for automating OneDrive downloads, which adds complexity but is legitimate; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard download and verification tasks with robust error handling. URL redirection is managed to prevent redirect attacks. Playwright is used for automating complex downloads from OneDrive, which is legitimate but could be exploited if misused. The commented subprocess code for curl is inactive but could pose a risk if reactivated maliciously. No secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The overall structure is clear, and the functions are well-defined. Given the absence of malicious payloads, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors, the code appears legitimate.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured utility for downloading and verifying files from cloud storage services. No evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or obfuscation. The use of browser automation for OneDrive is appropriate for complex download flows. The inactive subprocess code is a minor concern but currently harmless. Overall, the code is safe and suitable for supply chain use with minimal risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}