{
  "purpose": "This code implements a FastAPI server for managing tools, resources, contexts, and executing tools within the FasterMCP framework.",
  "sources": "The server reads input data from HTTP POST requests to endpoints /tools, /resources, /context, and /execute, particularly from request bodies and parameters within those requests.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the invocation of 'await tool.func(**request.parameters)' during the /execute endpoint, where untrusted parameters are passed directly to potentially arbitrary functions.",
  "flows": "Input data from API requests flows into the server methods, which then access 'tool' objects and invoke their 'func' attribute with client-supplied parameters, creating a source-to-sink path that could lead to code execution if 'tool.func' is malicious.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious external network activity are present. The code dynamically calls 'tool.func' without validation or sandboxing, which is a potential security concern but not anomalous per se.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a server that manages tools and resources, creating contexts, and executing tools based on client requests. The critical point is the dynamic invocation of 'tool.func' with parameters supplied by the client, which could lead to arbitrary code execution if 'tool.func' is maliciously replaced or compromised. There are no signs of embedded malware or obfuscation. The server relies on external trustworthiness of registered tools. The risk stems from this trust assumption, not from the code itself. The code does not include validation or sandboxing around 'tool.func', making it vulnerable if malicious tools are registered. The overall structure is standard, and no malicious or obfuscated code is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code itself is structurally sound and free of malicious or obfuscated code. The main security concern is the potential execution of malicious code via 'tool.func' if a malicious tool is registered. This risk is external and depends on trust in registered tools. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate; malware and obfuscation scores are 0, and the security risk score should be around 0.4, reflecting the potential danger of executing untrusted code. To mitigate this, sandboxing or validation of 'tool.func' implementations is recommended. Overall, the code is safe in its current form but should be used with caution regarding external tool trustworthiness.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}