{
  "purpose": "Server module for handling MCP (Multi-Component Protocol) requests, including tool registration, resource registration, context creation, and tool execution.",
  "sources": "HTTP request handlers for '/tools', '/resources', '/context', and '/execute'; data from request bodies (Tool, Resource, ContextRequest, ToolRequest).",
  "sinks": "Execution of tool functions via 'await tool.func(**request.parameters)'. Also, registering tools and resources which could potentially be malicious if the data is maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Data received in HTTP requests flows into validation and registration functions; in '/execute', untrusted parameters flow into 'tool.func' if it exists.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no suspicious external network calls or file operations; no obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a FastAPI server for managing tools, resources, and contexts. It registers tools and resources via POST endpoints, and executes tools dynamically based on client requests. The tool execution involves calling a function attribute 'func' on tool objects with parameters provided by clients. No external network calls or data exfiltration methods are present. The code performs input validation and error handling. No malicious or backdoor behavior is evident. The only potential concern is the dynamic execution of tool functions with untrusted parameters, which depends on the implementation of 'tool.func'—if 'tool.func' is malicious, it could perform malicious actions; however, the code itself does not include or execute malicious code. Overall, no malicious intent or malicious code is observed. The server setup and route handling are standard, with no suspicious features or obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard server implementation for managing tools and contexts with dynamic execution capabilities. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious external behaviors. Its main risk depends on the trustworthiness of the registered 'tool.func' functions, which is external to this code. No malware or security risks are evident within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}