{
  "purpose": "The code implements a client SDK for interacting with Sysdig Secure Data Center (SDC) and Anchore APIs, managing images, policies, vulnerabilities, alerts, reports, and subscriptions. It performs API requests, handles sensitive data, and manages file uploads, serving as an interface for security and vulnerability management.",
  "sources": "Parameters passed to methods (e.g., image names, registry credentials, policy details), class attributes (e.g., token, URL), and API responses containing data such as image info, vulnerabilities, policies, and reports.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE) transmitting data such as credentials, image identifiers, and configuration parameters; responses parsed and returned to callers. No evidence of malicious exfiltration or covert data channels.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method inputs into API request payloads or URL parameters, and responses are processed and returned. Sensitive data like tokens and credentials are used in headers or payloads, but handled securely without hardcoding.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code segments detected. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious payloads. File handling in import_image could be improved with context managers but is standard for file uploads. No backdoors or covert channels observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward API client SDK for security management, performing standard network requests with proper handling of inputs and responses. It manages sensitive data via parameters, encodes content appropriately, and does not contain obfuscated or malicious code. No anomalies or malicious behaviors are evident. The code structure and data flows are typical for such SDKs, with no signs of sabotage or covert activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard SDK for interacting with security APIs. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, obfuscation, or sabotage. The data flows are consistent with its purpose, and no indicators of malicious intent are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}