{
  "purpose": "This code provides typed waiters for the AWS 'omics' service client, facilitating waiting for specific asynchronous operations to complete.",
  "sources": "The code reads type definition imports from '.type_defs', and utilizes class methods that accept keyword arguments unpacked from specific type definitions. It also reads sys.version_info for compatibility.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write or send untrusted data to external systems or networks. It primarily defines classes and methods for waiting logic, which do not perform network I/O or data leaks.",
  "flows": "Input data (kwargs) are unpacked into type definitions in wait method parameters. These are used internally within the wait methods (not implemented here). The wait methods are intended to be called with parameters that specify resource identifiers.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be auto-generated or boilerplate, with extensive use of docstrings linking to documentation. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious dynamic code execution is present. There are no obfuscated code segments or indicators of malicious obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of class definitions inheriting from Waiter, each providing a wait method that unpacks specific type definitions for parameters. These classes serve as type-safe wrappers for the underlying boto3 waiters. No actual implementation of wait logic is present here, only method signatures and documentation links. No external data or network activity is observed. The code is consistent with a typical SDK type stub pattern, with no signs of malicious behavior or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a benign, auto-generated set of type stubs for AWS 'omics' waiters, intended to provide type safety and documentation links for SDK users. There are no signs of malicious behavior, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious activities. It is a straightforward, well-structured set of class definitions for SDK waiters.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}