{
  "purpose": "This code defines Django template tags for generating QR codes and URLs from various data types, including contact info, geolocation, multimedia links, and more.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for template tags, including strings, objects, dictionaries, and keyword arguments, such as 'text', 'data', 'email', 'phone_number', 'coordinates', 'video_id', etc.",
  "sinks": "Calls to functions like make_qr_code_with_args and make_qr_code_url_with_args which generate QR code data or URLs; these functions could potentially process untrusted input into QR codes or URLs.",
  "flows": "Input data is passed into template tag functions, potentially processed into QR code data or URLs through functions like make_qr_code_with_args. Data flows from template parameters through processing functions that generate QR code representations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns detected; the code primarily consists of data processing and calling established functions with inputs. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Use of data in generating QR codes appears straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code defines various template tags for generating QR codes or URLs from different data types, with handling for embedded or URL-based QR codes. It processes user-provided data, such as text, emails, coordinates, and multimedia identifiers, by passing them into functions that generate QR codes. There is no evidence of dynamic code execution, network connections, or data exfiltration. The data handling is direct and relies on other modules for QR code creation. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are present, and no suspicious data flows or anomalous patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of Django template tags for QR code generation. It processes input data for QR code creation but does not exhibit any malicious or suspicious behavior. The functions use parameters safely and rely on external QR code utilities. Overall, it appears safe and intentional in its design.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}