{
  "purpose": "The code provides Django template tags to generate QR codes from various data types and URLs, primarily for contact information, geolocation, multimedia, and other embedded data.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as text, data, email, phone number, coordinates, and complex objects like vcard, wifi_config, etc. The data is obtained directly from function arguments, some of which are untrusted user inputs.",
  "sinks": "The data flows into functions like make_qr_code_with_args and make_qr_code_url_with_args, which generate QR code images or URLs. These functions are external, but their use with untrusted data could lead to QR codes containing malicious or misleading data. No system commands, file operations, or network calls are directly present.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (e.g., text, data, email, phone number, coordinates, objects) flows into QR code generation functions, which then output QR code images or URLs. There are no evident unsafe transformations or injections before the data reaches these functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses straightforward data handling; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated logic are present. The only notable aspect is the use of extra_qr_code_args with fixed parameters (e.g., in qr_for_epc), but these are benign configuration options.",
  "analysis": "The code acts as a wrapper around QR code generation functions, enabling easy template-based QR code creation for various data types. It handles data conversion, validation (like type checks), and optional embedding. The data flow is direct from function parameters to the QR code functions. No malicious code, command execution, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. The design appears standard and safe, assuming external QR code functions are trustworthy.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Django template tags module for generating QR codes, handling various data types securely. No signs of malicious behavior, malware, or supply chain attacks are detected. The overall security risk is low. It is important to ensure the external QR code functions are secure and do not introduce vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}