{
  "purpose": "Provides Django template tags to generate QR codes or URLs from various data inputs such as contact info, geolocation, multimedia links, and structured data, by wrapping external QR code functions.",
  "sources": "User inputs, object attributes, function parameters, and keyword arguments passed into QR code generation functions.",
  "sinks": "Calls to external functions `make_qr_code_with_args` and `make_qr_code_url_with_args` which generate QR code images or URLs from the provided data.",
  "flows": "Input data (strings, objects, dicts) → wrapper functions → external QR code functions → QR code images or URLs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious behaviors detected. Data is passed directly into external functions without validation or sanitization within this module.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward set of Django template tags that delegate QR code creation to external functions, passing user or object data. No network activity, code execution, or data exfiltration occurs within this module. The data flow is simple and transparent, with minimal processing. External functions are assumed trustworthy; the code does not perform any dangerous operations. The data could include sensitive information, but this is a privacy concern rather than a security vulnerability. No obfuscation or malicious patterns are present. The consistent scores across reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2) are justified based on the code's simplicity and data handling nature.",
  "conclusion": "The code is safe, well-structured, and free from malicious or suspicious behavior. The low risk score reflects the potential privacy implications of encoding sensitive data but does not indicate a security vulnerability. The malware and obfuscation scores are appropriate. Overall, the code does not pose security threats, assuming external QR code functions are secure.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}