{
  "purpose": "The code provides Django template tags for generating QR codes from various data types, such as text, contact details, URLs, and geolocation data.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function parameters like text, data, email, phone numbers, and keyword arguments containing coordinates, URLs, and other structured objects.",
  "sinks": "The code calls functions that generate QR codes, which may encode the input data directly, including potentially sensitive data (emails, geolocations, contact info). No external network connections are made, but QR code data can include sensitive info.",
  "flows": "Data flows from template tag inputs through processing functions that convert structured data into strings or URLs, then into QR code generation functions. The functions assemble data, possibly incorporating user input or external data, into QR code data payloads.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious backdoors observed. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns. Use of untrusted data is limited to straightforward data encoding into QR codes; the code properly handles type checking and object creation. There are no external network calls, reverse shells, or file manipulations.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard Django template tag registration and functions that generate QR codes based on provided data. Input validation is minimal but type checks are present for objects like Email and contact details. The data passed to QR code generation is derived from user-supplied parameters or objects, but no insecure or malicious handling such as code injection or unsafe eval is present. The functions primarily assemble data into text or URLs and pass them to QR code creators, which are assumed to be safe. There are no signs of malicious data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of QR code generators for a variety of data types, with no malicious or suspicious components detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, safe implementation for generating QR codes in Django templates. It handles structured data securely and does not contain malware or malicious behavior. The risk is minimal, mainly related to data privacy depending on what data is encoded into QR codes. Overall, the code appears trustworthy and free from security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}