{
  "purpose": "The code provides interpolation functions for plotting graphs, including quadratic, cubic, Hermite, Lagrange, and trigonometric interpolations, used within the pygal library for visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters x and y, which are lists of points, and from the main block where sample points are defined. It does not read from external sources or untrusted inputs.",
  "sinks": "The code generates interpolated points via yield statements; these are used internally for plotting. There are no direct sinks like network communication, file writing, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input lists (x, y) through various interpolation functions, which produce sequences of interpolated points. These points are used to generate visualizations in the main block; no external sinks or network activities are involved.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code performs standard mathematical computations for interpolation and uses only standard libraries. No obfuscated or malicious language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a collection of mathematical interpolation functions with configurable parameters. It includes several types of spline and polynomial interpolations, each implemented via standard algorithms. The main block demonstrates usage by plotting sample points with different interpolation methods using the pygal library. The code does not perform any network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration. It is purely computational and visualization-oriented, with no suspicious or malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate mathematical interpolation utility used for graph plotting within the pygal library. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The implementation relies solely on standard math operations and libraries. Therefore, it can be considered safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}