{
  "purpose": "The code provides various mathematical interpolation functions for plotting and data visualization, including quadratic, cubic, hermite, lagrange, and trigonometric interpolations. It is intended for generating interpolated data points for visualizations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters x and y, which are lists of points. It also reads optional parameters for configuration, such as precision and interpolation types. The main execution reads predefined points from a local variable.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present in the code that handle untrusted or external data, nor are there any network, file, or environment variable operations that could be exploited. The code primarily performs mathematical computations and data generation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters x and y into the interpolation functions, which process the data and generate new points via yield statements. The main block passes predefined points into these functions, and then visualizes the results using pygal's XY chart.",
  "anomalies": "There are no unusual code constructs, obfuscated code, or suspicious logic. The code appears to be straightforward mathematical implementation for interpolation without hidden or malicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets, network operations, or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The script defines several interpolation functions, each computing interpolated points based on classical mathematical algorithms from Wikipedia references. The code includes typical Python coding practices, uses standard libraries, and performs purely computational tasks. The main section demonstrates usage by plotting predefined data points with different interpolation methods. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system access, or obfuscated code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical interpolation library used for plotting purposes. It contains no malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. It appears to be an open-source, academically-oriented implementation for data visualization support. There is no evidence of malware or security risks in this code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}