{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client class definitions for interacting with AWS CodeArtifact service, providing method signatures for various API operations.",
  "sources": "Import statements, sys.version_info checks, and method parameters/return types, especially the use of **kwargs unpacked with type definitions.",
  "sinks": "Methods that can handle untrusted input via **kwargs; generation of presigned URLs; tag/untag resource operations; any dynamic method invocation via get_paginator.",
  "flows": "User calls client methods with kwargs unpacked from type definitions, which could be manipulated if type definitions are malicious or contain embedded code. Paginator creation based on operation names also depends on input strings.",
  "anomalies": "Extensive use of **kwargs unpacking with type definitions, which could potentially be exploited if type defs are malicious. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity present. No obfuscated code or unusual language features beyond typical Python typing and sys.version checks.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a client class with method signatures for AWS service interactions, using Python's typing and overloads for accurate type hints. The import statements include standard and third-party libraries. The **kwargs unpacking with specific type definitions could be a vector if the type definitions are malicious, but this relies on external files, not the code shown here. No runtime code, network calls, or file operations are present that could be malicious. The sys.version_info checks are standard for compatibility. Overall, the code appears to be a straightforward, well-structured type annotation and API signature declaration without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, generated Python client interface with type annotations for AWS CodeArtifact. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage. The extensive use of type unpacking depends on external type definitions, but the code itself is safe. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data flow are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}