{
  "purpose": "Convert a matplotlib figure to a Plotly visualization by crawling through the mpl figure object and sending the appropriate data to PlotlyRenderer for JSON generation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'fig' parameter (matplotlib figure), and imports from external modules such as 'mplexporter' and 'PlotlyRenderer'. It also dynamically patches the 'Spine' class from matplotlib.spines.",
  "sinks": "The code sends data to 'PlotlyRenderer' which generates a JSON structure for Plotly visualizations. No external data sinks or network activity are present.",
  "flows": "Input 'fig' is processed by 'Exporter' which interacts with 'PlotlyRenderer' to produce a JSON figure; the dynamic method 'is_frame_like' is added to 'Spine' class during execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically adds a method 'is_frame_like' to the 'Spine' class at runtime, which is an unconventional but known Python pattern. No secrets, obfuscated code, or malicious behavior are present.",
  "analysis": "The function primarily performs a conversion from matplotlib to Plotly using established libraries. The only unusual aspect is the runtime addition of 'is_frame_like' to 'Spine', which is a benign extension for compatibility or utility purposes. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious code injection is detected. The code is straightforward and transparent, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. The dynamic class modification, while unconventional, is a known Python technique and does not indicate malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for converting matplotlib figures to Plotly format. The only notable anomaly is the dynamic patching of the 'Spine' class, which is benign. No malware, obfuscation, or security risks are evident. The overall security risk score should remain very low, and the malware score is zero.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}