{
  "purpose": "This code converts a matplotlib figure into a Plotly visualization by utilizing the mplexporter and PlotlyRenderer libraries, then optionally resizes or strips styles from the plot.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'fig' parameter (a matplotlib figure). It also imports modules 'PlotlyRenderer' and 'Exporter', which may have internal data sources. The internal 'is_frame_like' function reads attributes of Spine objects.",
  "sinks": "The code calls methods on the PlotlyRenderer object such as 'resize', 'strip_style', and accesses 'renderer.msg' for verbose output. It returns 'renderer.plotly_fig', which is a data structure representing the Plotly figure.",
  "flows": "Input matplotlib figure 'fig' flows into 'Exporter.run(fig)', which populates the renderer. The renderer then outputs 'plotly_fig'. Optional resize and style stripping modify the renderer state before returning.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes an internal definition of 'is_frame_like' added to 'Spine', which appears unrelated to the main function and could be a code artifact or potentially malicious backdoor if misused, but in this context it seems benign. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code are present. No network operations, file I/O, or system modifications are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs a conversion process from matplotlib to plotly visualization. The internal 'is_frame_like' function is an unusual addition but appears to be a legitimate helper function, not malicious. No external network calls or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. All dependencies are imported from known visualization libraries. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior. The code is straightforward and seems to serve a visualization purpose, with no malicious intent apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a visualization converter tool, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. The internal addition of 'is_frame_like' is unusual but not malicious. Overall, it appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}