{
  "purpose": "The provided code contains multiple independent Python scripts mainly focused on data analysis, machine learning model training, and statistical computations. These include polynomial fitting, neural network training, Hessian matrix calculation, and Gaussian mixture modeling.",
  "sources": "Data input sources include: datasets loaded from sklearn (load_iris, make_regression, MNIST), numpy arrays, and random number generators. Inputs are primarily from external libraries or generated internally; no direct external input reading is evident.",
  "sinks": "Output points include: printing predictions, evaluation metrics, plotting graphs, and console outputs. No direct file I/O, network communication, or sensitive data exfiltration is visible.",
  "flows": "Data flows from dataset loading or generation (sources) through computational routines (model training, statistical analysis), and outputs evaluation metrics, predictions, or visualizations (sinks). No untrusted external data is processed in a way that could lead to injection or leakage.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code is structured into multiple independent scripts with standard libraries. No obfuscated code or malicious system manipulation routines are detected. The only notable pattern is the use of model evaluation and prediction, which is typical for ML workflows.",
  "analysis": "Each script appears to implement standard data analysis, ML training, or statistical algorithms without suspicious modifications. The neural network code trains on datasets like XOR problem, iris data, or regression datasets; Hessian calculation uses autograd and PyTorch for gradient/Hessian computation; GMM code implements the EM algorithm for clustering. There are no signs of hidden malicious logic, such as network calls, data exfiltration, or code that could harm the system. All code uses well-known libraries and standard practices. The absence of external data exfiltration points, backdoors, or malicious behavior points to benign intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code comprises standard data science, ML, and statistical scripts without any malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks detected. It does not include network activity, data theft, or backdoors. The scripts appear intended for educational or analytical purposes with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}