{
  "purpose": "Collection of various Python code snippets demonstrating machine learning, data visualization, neural network training, and statistical computations, intended for educational or analytical use.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from datasets (e.g., load_iris, MNIST, make_regression), external libraries (numpy, pandas, sklearn, tensorflow, torch, autograd), and user inputs through data processing functions.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include model training results, predictions, plots, and printed evaluation metrics. No direct data exfiltration or external communication is observed.",
  "flows": "Sources (data loading and input functions) lead to model creation, training, evaluation, and visualization outputs; no untrusted data is directed to external systems or network communications.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. All code appears typical for ML tasks. Some snippets utilize TensorFlow and PyTorch, but without malicious intent; no hidden malicious behavior is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code snippets cover data loading (from datasets and files), preprocessing, model definition, training loops, hyperparameter tuning, and evaluation, all using standard libraries and functions. No code injects external commands, accesses sensitive information insecurely, or attempts network communications. The scripts are primarily educational or experimental, demonstrating ML workflows. No anomalies, hidden functions, or malicious logic are identified. The use of frameworks like TensorFlow and PyTorch is appropriate and typical for machine learning workflows. Overall, the code aligns with standard ML practices without evidence of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code snippets are standard implementations of machine learning and statistical analysis tasks. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are detected. The code is safe for use, with no signs of malware or security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}