{
  "purpose": "The script is a Bash script beautifier written in Python, aimed at formatting Bash scripts for improved readability and consistency.",
  "sources": "File input through command line arguments or stdin, environment variables (e.g., 'NO_COLOR'), and command-line arguments (e.g., force function style).",
  "sinks": "File output to specified files or stdout, stderr for error messages, and diff output with optional color highlighting.",
  "flows": "Input data is read from files or stdin; processed through beautify_string; potentially transformed by regex substitutions and indentation logic; then written back to files or stdout. Environment variables influence behavior such as color output.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code structures detected. The code appears to perform its intended purpose with standard Python libraries and known open-source packages (e.g., pkg_resources, colorama). The only external dependency is 'beautysh' for version info, which is normal for package version retrieval.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive Bash script beautifier with functionality to parse, reformat, and indent Bash code. It uses regex to detect function styles and line patterns, applies indentation logic, manages multiline strings, here-documents, and comment directives. No obfuscated code patterns or malicious behaviors such as network activity, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or harmful system modifications are present. The code strictly manipulates text files and outputs diff results with optional coloring. No hardcoded credentials, secret tokens, or suspicious code snippets are identified. It depends solely on standard Python and known open-source packages, with no hidden or malicious logic. The presence of error reporting and diff visualization aligns with its purpose as a formatting tool. Overall, it appears safe and legitimate, designed for code formatting.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate Bash script beautifier with no evidence of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. It performs text processing and formatting, with no suspicious external activity or backdoors. The security risk score is low, and confidence in this conclusion is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}