{
  "purpose": "A Bash script beautifier and formatter written in Python, designed to read, analyze, and reformat Bash scripts for consistent styling and indentation.",
  "sources": "Reads input files specified as command-line arguments, or stdin if '-' is used. Accesses environment variables (e.g., NO_COLOR). Loads external libraries such as pkg_resources and colorama.",
  "sinks": "Writes reformatted scripts back to the same files (with optional backup) or to stdout. Outputs diff with color formatting to stdout. Writes to sys.stderr for errors and warnings.",
  "flows": "Input files -> read_file() or sys.stdin -> beautify_string() -> processed data -> write_file() or sys.stdout, with possible diff output and error reporting.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or unusual language features. Uses regular expressions for complex parsing, but this is consistent with the script's purpose. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code behavior is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs static text processing and formatting of Bash scripts. It utilizes regex for syntax detection and formatting, manages indentation levels, and optionally forces specific function styles. It interacts with external libraries for version info and colored output but does not execute external code, network operations, or system commands that could be malicious. All file handling appears standard and safe. No signs of malicious backdoors, data exfiltration, or harmful payloads are present. The inclusion of environment variable checks (NO_COLOR) and diff printing are benign. The code's structure and flow are consistent with a code beautifier tool without hidden malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate Python-based Bash script formatter. It handles input/output safely, uses standard libraries, and performs static code analysis and formatting without executing or injecting code. No malicious or sabotage behavior is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}