{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and classes for managing Pulumi resource packages and modules, version handling, environment variable access, and function decoration within a Pulumi-based infrastructure codebase.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables via get_env*, imports modules dynamically using importlib, and retrieves version information using importlib.metadata.version.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include dynamic module importation with importlib, which could be exploited if module names are influenced by untrusted input; execution of functions with dynamic arguments; and warnings or exceptions thrown for unknown resource types.",
  "flows": "Input data from environment variables or user-provided parameters flows into dynamic module imports and function calls; version info extraction involves reading package metadata; resource construction functions use dynamic class loading based on module info.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. Usage of dynamic importlib functions is standard but can be risky if module names are externally controlled, which appears unlikely here. The code warns against editing generated files and primarily focuses on safe utility functions. No obfuscated code, suspicious network activity, or secret exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script is mainly composed of utility functions for environment variable access, version parsing, dynamic module importation, resource registration, and decoration. It includes dynamic import logic, which, if exploited via external input, could lead to code execution, but the module names seem to be internally controlled or derived from package metadata. No network calls, file modifications, or data exfiltration are present. The code does not perform any suspicious operations or contain malicious payloads. Overall, it appears to be standard, generated infrastructure code with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code serves as infrastructure utility code for Pulumi resource management with safe usage patterns. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. Dynamic import functions could be a concern if module names are externally influenced, but this does not appear to be the case here. Overall, the code is safe, with no malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}