{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be part of a Discord selfbot or automation tool that includes functions for handling message attachments, managing servers, channels, and users, and interacting with various web APIs, including YouTube and Discord. It also includes functions for checking version updates and redeeming Discord Nitro codes.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from message objects (author, content, avatar_url, channel, guild), attachments, and external APIs (requests to YouTube, Discord, and PyPI). It also reads from and writes to local files and config.json.",
  "sinks": "Requests to webhooks and Discord API endpoints send potentially untrusted data, such as message content, attachments, and user info. File writes to local directories could be misused for storing exfiltrated data. The code also contains functions that perform destructive actions like leaving, deleting guilds, or removing friends, which could be used maliciously.",
  "flows": "Input from message objects (content, author, attachments) flows into webhook payloads, file writes, and API requests. External requests (requests.get/post) fetch images or interact with Discord/Noblesse/PyPI. The code also performs destructive API actions with user tokens, indicating potential malicious control flow for sabotage.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of functions such as 'leave_guild', 'delete_guild', 'remove_friend', which can harm or disrupt user accounts; functions for redeeming Nitro codes, which could be used maliciously for account abuse. The code also constructs directory paths with sanitized user inputs, but uses them to store files, possibly for exfiltration or tracking. The 'asciigen' function generates characters with high Unicode values, which may be used for obfuscation or malicious data generation. The code uses requests with user tokens for destructive actions, indicating potential malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code exhibits several signs of malicious or potentially harmful behavior. Functions like 'leave_guild', 'delete_guild', and 'remove_friend' perform destructive operations on Discord accounts, which could be used for sabotage or account damage. The 'check_nitro' function attempts to redeem gift codes, which might be used for fraud or abuse. File handling functions save attachments in user- and server-specific directories, potentially for data exfiltration. The code interacts extensively with external APIs and performs operations that can disrupt user accounts or harvest data. Additionally, the code uses requests without authentication in some cases and handles sensitive operations, indicating malicious or destructive capabilities. The presence of a version check and update notification suggests the code is designed to be updated remotely, which can also be exploited if misused.",
  "conclusion": "This code contains multiple functions capable of malicious actions, including account sabotage (guild leaving/deletion, friend removal), data collection (saving attachments, message details), and potential misuse of Nitro redemption. The functions that perform destructive API requests and the handling of user data raise high security concerns. Overall, the code appears to be a malicious or potentially malicious Discord selfbot with capabilities for sabotage, data exfiltration, and abuse of Discord APIs.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.9,
  "securityRisk": 0.9,
  "report_number": 2
}