{
  "purpose": "The code implements an asynchronous administrative API client for managing users and MFA factors on a backend service, including functions for user creation, deletion, updating, listing, and session management.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as 'jwt', 'email', 'attributes', 'uid', 'id', 'should_soft_delete', and 'params'. Data is also read from options and query/body parameters within API request functions.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow into API request bodies and query parameters, such as 'jwt', 'email', 'attributes', 'uid', 'id', and 'params', potentially affecting request construction. Sinks include the '_request' method calls that send data over the network.",
  "flows": "Sources (input parameters) flow into the '_request' method calls, which generate HTTP requests with specified method, URL, headers, and body/query data. The data flows from function arguments through to the request payloads and URL paths.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code uses standard API call patterns and dependency imports. No obfuscated code, suspicious dynamic code execution, or malicious backdoors are evident. No unusual or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides standard API client functions for user and MFA management, properly parameterized with no signs of malicious payloads or hidden functionalities. The use of 'await' with '_request' suggests asynchronous network calls, typical for such clients. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The code adheres to normal patterns for API interaction, with clear separation of concerns and no suspicious logic or data flows. All inputs appear to be standard API parameters, and there are no indications of data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of an admin API client for user and MFA management. No malicious or sabotage behavior is evident. The functions perform expected operations such as creating, updating, listing, and deleting users, with no signs of malware, malicious intent, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}