{
  "purpose": "The code implements an asynchronous administrative API client for managing users and MFA factors in a backend service, providing functions such as sign-out, user invitation, user creation, listing, updating, and deletion, as well as MFA management.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as 'jwt', 'email', 'attributes', 'uid', 'id', 'page', 'per_page', 'should_soft_delete', and internal parameters for API requests. External input is primarily via function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could reach API request bodies or query parameters, including 'jwt', 'email', 'attributes', 'uid', 'id', 'page', 'per_page', 'should_soft_delete', and data within 'params'. The main sinks are the '_request' method calls which transmit data over the network.",
  "flows": "Sources flow into request payloads or URL paths; for example, 'jwt' into authorization headers, 'email' into request bodies, 'uid'/'id' into URL paths, and pagination parameters into query strings. These flows lead to network calls via '_request'.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious dynamic code execution. All data handling appears standard and related to API management functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of an API client with asynchronous functions for user management and MFA operations. It uses parameters from function calls to build requests. No signs of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden behaviors, are present. The code properly separates concerns and uses safe data handling practices. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or suspicious imports. The code’s structure and variable naming are consistent with standard API client code.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API client module for user and MFA management with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles data transmission securely via well-structured request functions and does not include suspicious or malicious code. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}