{
  "purpose": "Load and register TensorFlow Addons' custom objects and kernels by locating shared object files and loading them into TensorFlow, facilitating model deserialization and custom op registration.",
  "sources": "Filesystem directory obtained via get_path_to_datafile('custom_ops') and glob.glob searching for '*.so' files.",
  "sinks": "tf.load_op_library calls that load shared object files into TensorFlow runtime.",
  "flows": "Filesystem directory -> glob.glob retrieves shared object files -> tf.load_op_library loads each shared object into TensorFlow.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious patterns, obfuscation, or hardcoded secrets; standard dynamic library loading process.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically locates shared object (.so) files in a specified directory and loads them into TensorFlow using tf.load_op_library. This process is standard for registering custom operations. The main security concern is the integrity and trustworthiness of these shared libraries, as malicious shared objects could execute arbitrary code upon loading. The code itself does not contain malicious logic, obfuscation, or hardcoded secrets. The risk is external, depending on whether the shared objects are from trusted sources. No validation or checksum verification is performed, which could mitigate supply chain risks. The code's behavior is straightforward and typical for custom op registration, with no evident malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard utility for loading custom TensorFlow shared libraries, with no malicious code within. The primary security concern is the potential execution of malicious code if the shared objects are compromised or malicious. The malware score is appropriately 0, and the obfuscated score is 0. The security risk score should be low but reflects the importance of verifying the integrity of external shared libraries. Overall, the code itself is benign; security risks depend on external file trustworthiness.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}