{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for data type conversions between PyArrow, Athena, Redshift, MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, Timestream, and Pandas, as well as functions for schema inference, data casting, and data type extraction from Pandas DataFrames.",
  "sources": "Reads data and schema information from pandas DataFrames, pyarrow schemas, and string type inputs; accesses pandas DataFrame attributes and pyarrow data types.",
  "sinks": "None explicitly present; code manipulates data types, schemas, and data conversions without performing data output or network operations.",
  "flows": "Sources (pandas DataFrames, pyarrow schemas, strings) are processed through various conversion functions and schema inference steps, resulting in data type mappings and schema objects used internally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity. Use of regular expressions and data processing appears standard and safe.",
  "analysis": "The code focuses on data type conversions, schema extraction, and data casting functions commonly used in data engineering workflows. It performs type inference, data casting, and schema transformations based on pandas and pyarrow objects. No network communication, file I/O, or external system interaction is directly implemented. All functions are designed for safe data processing. The code contains no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It is structured for data schema handling, with clear input and output patterns, and utilizes standard Python and pandas/pyarrow practices. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, hidden backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The regex and exception handling are for standard error processing, not malicious purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of data type conversion and schema inference utilities with no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. It appears safe and typical for data processing pipelines, with no suspicious signals or malicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}