{
  "purpose": "The module provides functions for converting and inferring data types between various systems (PyArrow, Athena, Redshift, MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, Timestream, Pandas) for data processing and schema management.",
  "sources": "The code reads data schemas, data types, and DataFrame contents through function parameters, especially pandas DataFrames, and system-specific data type conversions.",
  "sinks": "The code generates data type strings for target systems, constructs schemas, and performs data casting. No direct output to network or filesystem is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from pandas DataFrames and their schemas to data type conversions, and then to schema and type strings for various databases and systems.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors, such as hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or hidden network connections, are present. The code mostly performs type conversions and schema handling, which are standard. Exception handling and regex parsing are typical and not malicious. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically maps data types across multiple systems using well-defined conversion functions. It includes exception handling for type inference issues and logs debugging information, which is standard. No code segments indicate malicious intent such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or hidden network activity. The functions perform legitimate data schema management and type conversions, typical for data processing libraries. No hard-coded credentials, network connections, or potentially harmful code are detected. The only aspect to note is the extensive data type handling and conversion logic, which is normal for such utility modules.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a data type and schema conversion utility designed for data processing pipelines. It performs expected functions without malicious intent or suspicious behavior. No evidence of malware or security risks was found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}