{
  "purpose": "The script configures and manages the build process for the 'onnxoptimizer' Python package, including compilation with CMake, version creation, and setup procedures.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (e.g., CMAKE_ARGS, MAX_JOBS, USE_MSVC_STATIC_RUNTIME), subprocess outputs (git version, external commands), configuration files (VERSION_NUMBER), and user inputs via setup.py commands.",
  "sinks": "Execution of subprocesses (git, cmake, build commands, mypy type check), writing to version.py, file copying during build, reading environment variables, and shell command invocation.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence subprocess commands and build configuration. subprocess calls like 'git rev-parse' and 'cmake' initiate external processes. Files like VERSION_NUMBER and version.py are written based on subprocess output. The build process depends on environment and subprocess outputs to configure build steps.",
  "anomalies": "Use of subprocess to execute external commands without explicit validation or sanitization, which is standard for build scripts. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors observed. The code appears to be a typical build configuration script, with no unusual or obfuscated language features.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily manages building and packaging for 'onnxoptimizer'. It uses environment variables to customize build options, invokes subprocesses for version control and build commands, and writes configuration files. There are no indications of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads. The subprocess calls are standard for build scripts, and no hardcoded secrets or network communications are present. The code maintains typical structure and clarity, with no obfuscation or suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build and setup script for a Python package, containing no malicious behavior or security risks. It relies on subprocess calls and environment variables for configuration but does not include any malicious or suspicious actions. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}