{
  "purpose": "This code provides unit tests and mock setups for a Percy visual testing SDK integration with Selenium WebDriver, focusing on capturing DOM snapshots and screenshots for visual regression testing.",
  "sources": "Reads include HTTP requests to localhost endpoints (healthcheck, snapshot, logs, automateScreenshot), driver cookies, window size, and page content; also uses environment variables and mock driver elements.",
  "sinks": "HTTP POST requests to local Percy server endpoints; printing log messages; raising exceptions for invalid usage; potential driver command execution.",
  "flows": "Sources such as driver cookies, window size, page HTML, and environment variables feed into HTTP request payloads sent to local Percy server endpoints, with various conditions affecting execution flow and error handling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments observed. Code uses standard mocking, testing, and HTTP interactions. No suspicious network domains, data leaks, or system modifications detected. No obfuscated code or misleading variable usage identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for Percy SDK integration with Selenium WebDriver, utilizing mock servers and network request interceptions to verify correct behavior. It contains functions for simulating health checks, snapshot and screenshot posting, and error handling. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or harmful actions are evident. The HTTP interactions are limited to localhost addresses, and driver manipulations are standard for testing purposes. The code is structured for testing and does not execute harmful operations or data exfiltration.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard test suite designed for verifying SDK interactions with a local Percy server. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. All network and data handling are confined to testing environments, with no evidence of malware or sabotage. The overall security risk score is very low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}