{
  "purpose": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for the Percy Python SDK, specifically testing the snapshot and screenshot functionalities with Selenium WebDriver and mock servers.",
  "sources": "Input sources include HTTP requests to the mock server ('http://localhost:5338/percy/...'), WebDriver interactions (e.g., get, delete_all_cookies, execute_script), environment variables, and method parameters.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent via HTTP POST requests to the local Percy server ('http://localhost:5338/percy/...'), including snapshot and screenshot data. Cookies are read from the WebDriver, and command execution involves WebDriver methods.",
  "flows": "Data flows from WebDriver (cookies, page content, window size) to the processing functions, which generate snapshots or screenshots, then send data via HTTP POST to the Percy server endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation present. Use of mock servers and test data appears standard. No evidence of malicious code, data leakage, or covert channels.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of unit tests that mock external interactions, such as HTTP requests to the Percy service and WebDriver behavior. It performs valid operations like capturing DOM snapshots and screenshots. There are no signs of malicious activities such as data exfiltration, command injection, or hidden backdoors. The code adheres to standard testing patterns, and all external interactions are within controlled test environments. No obfuscated or suspicious logic detected. All input sources are controlled, and data sinks are only communicating with local mock servers. No code injection, data leaks, or malicious behaviors identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a secure and standard test suite for the Percy SDK, with no indications of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It mainly interacts with mock servers and WebDriver instances for testing purposes, maintaining a safe profile.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}