{
  "purpose": "This code provides unit tests and integration tests for Percy snapshot and screenshot functionality in a Selenium-based environment, mocking server responses and driver interactions to verify correct behavior.",
  "sources": "Reads input from HTTP responses (httpretty registered URIs), environment variables (os.environ), and Selenium WebDriver methods and properties.",
  "sinks": "Sends data via HTTP POST requests to localhost server endpoints (percy/healthcheck, percy/snapshot, percy/automateScreenshot, percy/log, percy/automateScreenshot), and prints logs using print().",
  "flows": "Sources such as environment configurations, driver interactions, and mocked responses flow into HTTP requests or print statements. For example, healthcheck responses (source) influence whether snapshots are taken (sink). Driver methods provide data (source) that is sent via HTTP POST (sink).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. No backdoors or hidden malicious code. The code primarily performs testing with mocked server responses. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. No suspicious network connections or data exfiltration evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of unit and integration tests with mocked server responses to verify the behavior of the Percy SDK functions. It uses standard testing practices, mock objects, and HTTP request intercepts. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as code injection, data leakage, or unauthorized system access. The network interactions are limited to localhost testing endpoints. The code handles various failure modes and exceptions safely. No suspicious code anomalies or obfuscation techniques are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for the Percy SDK integration with Selenium drivers, with no indication of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It operates solely in a controlled testing environment, mocking external dependencies and server responses. The likelihood of malicious behavior is extremely low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.05,
  "report_number": 5
}