{
  "purpose": "The code provides real-time plotting and analysis of RSI (Robot Sensor Interface) data, including position, velocity, acceleration, and force monitoring, with optional trajectory overlay and alert features.",
  "sources": "Reads data from the RSIClient instance via 'client.receive_variables'; loads planned trajectory data from CSV files ('load_plan' method); reads CSV log files in 'plot_csv_file' method.",
  "sinks": "Outputs alert messages to the console via 'print' statements; plots data using matplotlib (visual output only; no data sink); loads CSV files without sanitization.",
  "flows": "Data flows from RSIClient's 'receive_variables' into computations for derivatives; from CSV files into planned data buffers; deviations and force thresholds trigger alert prints; plotted data flows into visualization.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior detected. Use of 'print' for alerts is benign. No hardcoded credentials or hidden code present. CSV loading assumes well-formed input. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements live data collection, processing, and visualization with standard libraries (matplotlib, collections, csv, time). It uses straightforward data flow from RSIClient to plotting buffers and console alerts. Alert thresholds are configurable. No external network communications, credential handling, or hidden behaviors are present. The file loading functions operate with standard CSV reading, without evident injection points or malicious data handling. The overall structure and content are consistent with normal data visualization code, with no indicators of malicious or sabotage intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate data visualization tool for RSI data, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs typical functions such as data plotting, threshold alerts, and CSV loading without any suspicious operations or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}