{
  "purpose": "The code provides a real-time graphing interface for visualizing RSI data, including position, velocity, acceleration, and force, with optional trajectory overlay and alert functionalities.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the RSIClient instance (receive_variables), CSV files (planned trajectory and position logs), and system time for timestamps.",
  "sinks": "Data is printed to the console for alerts; graph data is plotted using matplotlib, which is visual output. No data is sent over network or written to external files in a suspicious manner.",
  "flows": "Data from RSIClient (position and force) flows into computations for velocity, acceleration, and deviation, then to plotting functions. Alerts are triggered based on thresholds. CSV files are read for planned data or logs, and the outputs are displayed visually.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behavior detected. The code uses standard libraries and straightforward data processing and plotting. No hardcoded credentials or hidden backdoors are present. The alert mechanisms and data handling appear normal and consistent with expected functionality.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles live data visualization and logging with optional overlays. It reads data from the RSIClient object and CSV files, processes derivatives, compares planned vs actual data, and outputs alerts to the console. All operations involve common libraries like matplotlib, csv, and time. No obfuscation, code injection, or suspicious network activity is evident. The only potential concern is the use of print statements for alerts, which is benign. Overall, the code appears to be a standard data visualization utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate data visualization utility with no signs of malicious behavior. It reads data from known sources, processes it for display, and provides alerting mechanisms. There is no evidence of malware, data exfiltration, or sabotage. All observed activities are consistent with its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}