{
  "purpose": "The code provides real-time visualization and analysis of RSI data, including position, velocity, acceleration, and force, with optional overlays of planned trajectories and alerting features.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the RSIClient instance (client.receive_variables), CSV files (load_plan and plot_csv_file), and system time (time.time, time.strftime).",
  "sinks": "Outputs include print statements for alerts, plotting functions (matplotlib), and file reading operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from client.receive_variables and CSV inputs into internal buffers; deviations and force thresholds trigger alerts; plotting functions visualize the data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior observed. Use of print statements for alerts is straightforward. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected. CSV reading relies on predictable field names. No dynamic code execution or network communications are present beyond data reading and plotting.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical data visualization utility for monitoring RSI sensor data with alert capabilities. It reads data from a provided RSIClient object and CSV files for planned trajectories. Alerts are issued via print statements when thresholds are exceeded, which is standard practice. There are no indications of malicious code such as hidden network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code structure is clear, with no obfuscated or misleading constructs. It employs common libraries (matplotlib, csv, time) in a benign manner. The only potential concern might be if the print statements are used for malicious logging, but this is within normal bounds for debugging or alerts in such systems.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard real-time data visualization tool for RSI metrics with alerting features. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. It is safe for use from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}