{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions and classes for JSON serialization/deserialization, handling datetime, bytes, decimal types, and model data structures for SDK communication.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters, class attributes, regular expressions, and imported modules. It processes datetime strings, base64 strings, model attributes, and type annotations.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable sink points include: use of 'eval'-like patterns through dynamic deserialization, handling of untrusted data in '_deserialize', and generic data processing functions. Also, the code serializes data to JSON, including bytes and datetime objects, which could leak data if misused.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (like strings, bytes, or data dictionaries) into deserialization functions (_deserialize, _deserialize_with_callable). These convert raw data into Python objects. The data then flows into models (Model class) or serialization functions, and potentially back into JSON strings via SdkJSONEncoder.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. The code employs complex dynamic deserialization logic, including handling of type annotations, optional, union, and generics, which could be misused if combined with malicious data. No suspicious network activity or hidden code detected. The use of 'exec'-like functions is not present. No obfuscation or malicious code pattern observed.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard SDK utility module focusing on safe data serialization/deserialization. It employs type hints, regular expressions for date validation, and careful handling of different data types. The deserialization functions handle untrusted input cautiously, catching exceptions and returning raw data when deserialization fails. The absence of network calls, command execution, or system manipulation code indicates low malicious intent. No evidence of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious behavior was found.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard serialization/deserialization utility with no evident malicious behavior or sabotage. It is designed for safe data handling within an SDK context, with thorough handling of various data types and formats. No malicious or supply chain attack signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}