{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for computing differential privacy parameters (epsilon and delta) for Gaussian mechanisms, both in global and local settings, using statistical functions and binary search.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as sigma, epsilon, delta, number of selections, and epochs. It also uses the 'pld' library for binary search and inverse functions.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct data sinks or untrusted data outputs. It performs mathematical calculations and function calls.",
  "flows": "Inputs (sigma, epsilon, delta, etc.) are processed through functions that compute privacy parameters via statistical functions and binary search, with no external data flows to untrusted sources or outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden data leaks. Usage of mathematical and statistical functions appears standard. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements privacy calculations using standard libraries (numpy, scipy) and a 'pld' library for binary search operations. Functions are straightforward, performing mathematical computations without external data ingestion beyond parameters. No indicators of malicious intent such as network activity, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The commented-out cache decorators do not influence behavior. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate implementation of privacy mechanisms with no suspicious elements.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of differential privacy calculations, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It uses external libraries for statistical computations and binary search, which are appropriate for this context. There are no anomalies or suspicious patterns indicating malware or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}