{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for calculating privacy parameters (delta and epsilon) for Gaussian mechanisms in differential privacy, including search routines for inverse calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads from function parameters, especially 'sigma', 'epsilon', 'delta', 'num_selected', 'num_epochs', and uses functions like 'np.sqrt', 'stats.norm.cdf', and 'stats.norm.logcdf'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not have obvious data sinks related to untrusted data; it primarily performs mathematical calculations. No network, file, or external data output functions are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sigma, epsilon, delta, etc.) flow into the functions 'Gaussian_delta', 'Gaussian_epsilon', 'local_delta', 'local_epsilon', which compute privacy metrics. The 'bin_search' function uses a lambda to link these calculations to search routines for epsilon.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors are observed. The functions are well-structured, with appropriate mathematical calculations. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement standard differential privacy calculations related to Gaussian mechanisms. It uses known statistical functions and a binary search routine to invert the privacy delta to epsilon. No signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious data handling are detected. The only external dependency 'pld' is used for binary search and inverse functions, which are typical for privacy calculations. The mathematical operations are standard and safe. No data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of privacy parameter calculations for differential privacy with no malicious intent. It appears legitimate, well-structured, and free of security risks or malicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 4
}