{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a minimal script or documentation describing a function 'fetchWebArchive' that searches for a specific string and returns associated domains.",
  "sources": "The comments referencing 'fetchWebArchive' and the hardcoded string 'MQoLndpjKiuPgoAfwUAcbuZwVnrJGPnv'. No actual data input or external sources are present in the code snippet.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present; the code does not process untrusted data or perform network operations within the snippet.",
  "flows": "There are no executable flows; the description suggests a source-to-sink pattern if implemented, but none exists in the provided code.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains only comments and references without implementation, which is unusual for operational code but not inherently malicious. The hardcoded string is suspicious in context but not active.",
  "analysis": "The code is minimal, primarily comments describing a function that queries a web archive. No actual implementation is provided, so no security issues, malicious behavior, or obfuscation can be confirmed. The references to a specific string and the function suggest intended network activity, but without code, this remains speculative. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, low security risk) are appropriate given the evidence. The confidence scores reflect uncertainty due to missing implementation details. Overall, the code appears benign and primarily documentation, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code snippet is a non-executable placeholder or documentation with no malicious behavior or obfuscation. The security risk is minimal, and the malware likelihood is zero. The scores are justified and consistent with the evidence. The main concern is the potential behavior of the unimplemented 'fetchWebArchive' function, which cannot be assessed here.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}