{
  "purpose": "This module provides decorators and function manipulation utilities, including dynamic function creation, decorators, context managers, and dispatching mechanisms.",
  "sources": "Imports modules (collections, inspect, itertools, operator, re, sys), reads environment variables, and processes function definitions.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'exec' to compile and execute dynamically generated source code, evaluates functions via 'eval', and compiles code snippets dynamically.",
  "flows": "Generates source code as strings with function templates, compiles and executes them, then assigns the resulting functions to variables.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'exec' and 'compile' on dynamically generated code can execute arbitrary code. The source code is constructed from templates and inputs, which could be manipulated. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code appears to be a generic decorator and function utility library, with no evident malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code defines various utilities for function creation and decoration, including compatibility layers for different Python versions. It constructs source code strings for functions, compiles, and executes them, which is a common pattern for decorators. The dynamic execution could be misused if inputs are manipulated, but within this code, inputs are static templates or function objects. No network activity, data leakage, or suspicious external interactions are present. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are detected. The code's purpose aligns with standard decorator libraries.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a general-purpose utility library for decorators and function creation. It relies on dynamic code generation but does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The use of 'exec' and 'compile' is typical for such utilities and does not suggest malicious intent in this context. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}