{
  "purpose": "The code appears to manipulate text or code blocks, likely for formatting or preprocessing purposes, possibly related to code or document processing.",
  "sources": "Input data is received via function parameters 'eesDGInDFPosLRXLKYBIyidIKlqGmRrA' and 'dycdixUZXXoVmqCSCXpYTOyJkoCawvNk'. These are used as data inputs to processing functions. External data sources are not directly shown.",
  "sinks": "The functions perform regex substitutions on input strings, which could potentially modify or obscure data, but no direct data leakage, network communication, or system modification is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters into regex substitutions that modify the strings. No external sinks or network calls are present; the flow is limited to string manipulation within the functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code references imported functions and constants whose behaviors are unknown; they might perform sensitive or malicious actions. The regex replacements seem standard but could be used maliciously to alter or hide content. The use of raw f-strings with external constants could potentially hide dynamic code if the constants are malicious, though there's no direct evidence here.",
  "analysis": "The code imports functions and constants from external modules. It defines functions that call these imported functions with provided data and perform regex substitutions on string data. The regex patterns are designed to format or reformat text by adding comments or removing specific comment lines. There is no evidence of hardcoded credentials, network activity, or data exfiltration. The code's purpose seems to be text formatting or code manipulation, with no clear malicious intent. However, because the imported functions and constants are unknown, there remains some uncertainty regarding their behavior. The regex patterns are straightforward and do not perform dangerous operations themselves.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to perform standard text manipulation, likely for formatting purposes, with no clear signs of malicious behavior or malware. The main concern is the reliance on external functions and constants, whose actions are unknown, but based solely on this snippet, there is no malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}