{
  "purpose": "The code is a set of unit tests for a drag-and-drop functionality and comparison logic, designed to validate behavior of imported modules (draganddrop). It does not perform any functional behavior beyond testing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from hardcoded JSON strings and module imports. It also processes data via draganddrop.grade() and draganddrop.DragAndDrop() methods, but only with controlled test inputs.",
  "sinks": "No sinks indicating malicious activity. No data output to external systems, network connections, or file systems are observed. The code only performs assertions on test data.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from test-defined JSON strings into functions like draganddrop.grade() and the DragAndDrop class methods, but these are all within controlled test environments. No untrusted source flows into system commands or external data stores.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious code structures. The code strictly defines test cases, utilizes only standard Python libraries, and imports external functions presumed safe. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The script consists entirely of unit test definitions verifying behavior of draganddrop functionality. It uses only controlled, hardcoded input data and standard testing patterns. No network activity, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. Importantly, it relies on an imported module 'draganddrop', but with no evidence of malicious code within this script or the test inputs. The code structure is typical for testing frameworks, with no indicators of malware, sabotage, or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a comprehensive set of tests for drag-and-drop functionalities, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It operates within a controlled testing environment, using predefined data. No malicious signals, backdoors, or harmful activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}