{
  "purpose": "Implement a dynamic object registry that allows registering, unregistering, filtering, and instantiating objects based on their names, including support for nested registries.",
  "sources": "Code reads class and function definitions, attribute access, and method parameters for object registration and resolution.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dynamic object instantiation via 'instantiate_object' and 'import_object' functions; uses user-provided names to import and instantiate classes or functions.",
  "flows": "Code resolves names via 'resolve_name' -> imports objects with 'import_object' -> registers objects in internal state -> instantiates objects with 'instantiate_object' based on registered names.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. Use of dynamic import and instantiation is typical but could be risky if input is malicious. The code disallows lambda functions, which reduces code injection risk. No obfuscated code, no malicious privacy violations, and no known malware signatures.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a registry pattern, allowing objects to be registered and instantiated dynamically by name. It includes safeguards like class filtering, checks for lambda functions, and name resolution mechanisms. The imports 'import_object' and 'instantiate_object' are central for dynamic loading and instantiation, which could be risky if malicious names are provided, but the code relies on internal resolution and controlled registration. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. The code appears to be a standard registry implementation with necessary safety checks, not designed for malicious purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard dynamic registry for objects with safeguards against common malicious behaviors. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious intent. The use of dynamic imports and instantiation is typical in plugin systems but can be risky if user input is untrusted. Overall, the code appears safe within its intended scope.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}