{
  "purpose": "The code defines a client class for managing Azure Stateful Nodes via API calls, including creating, updating, deleting, importing, and querying nodes and related resources.",
  "sources": "JSON data from method parameters, API responses, and internal request objects converted to JSON; URL construction with input parameters.",
  "sinks": "API request functions (send_post, send_put, send_delete_with_body, send_get) with JSON bodies and URL paths; response parsing and return data; potential logging or external calls if present (not shown here).",
  "flows": "Inputs from method arguments (e.g., node IDs, configuration objects, filters) are serialized to JSON and sent via API request methods; responses are received, converted from JSON, and returned. Data flows from external inputs through serialization, API call, response parsing, and output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious URLs. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution observed. Use of constant 'none' is harmless and not used in context. No evidence of malicious payloads or backdoors. Functionality appears standard for API client.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard API client operations, serializing input objects to JSON and deserializing responses. No signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious logic are detected. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive info are present. The use of 'none' variable is benign and unused. API interactions appear legitimate, with no suspicious endpoints or data flows. The structure and methods follow typical API client patterns without obfuscation or malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate client for managing Azure Stateful Nodes, with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It handles data serialization, API communication, and response processing in a standard manner. No security risks or malicious signals are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}