{
  "purpose": "This code defines a client class for managing Azure Stateful Nodes via an API, including CRUD operations, status checks, resource management, and cost analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function arguments, JSON serialization/deserialization, and API responses. It also imports external SDK modules and models.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent via HTTP methods (send_post, send_put, etc.), including JSON bodies. Responses are processed and returned after conversion. No data is written to external locations or external systems directly.",
  "flows": "Input data from arguments flows into request objects, which are serialized into JSON and sent via HTTP. Responses are received, converted, and returned. No untrusted data directly influences system state or external systems outside API calls.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code. No obfuscated or intentionally confusing code structures. No unusual data leaks or privacy violations detected.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical API client wrapper for managing Azure Stateful Nodes. It carefully constructs request objects, serializes them to JSON, and communicates with an external API. The responses are processed into a standardized format for the caller. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command injection, or hidden backdoors. The use of external SDK modules is consistent with API client implementations. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious URL manipulations, or other malicious indicators are present. The code does not perform any insecure operations like SQL injection, arbitrary code execution, or environment variable misuse.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured API client for managing Azure Stateful Nodes. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions as intended for managing resources via API calls. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}