{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a utility module for formatting and comparing data structures, primarily for testing purposes, especially involving deep differences between expected and actual data.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters 'DCnZneecEMVHvsWvbtzCdtjOHtwSdsbA', 'expected', and 'actual'. It processes these inputs for comparison and formatting.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks that send data to external systems, network, or persistent storage. The code only processes and formats data internally, raising exceptions on mismatches.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into formatting functions, then into comparison functions, which raise exceptions if mismatches occur. No external or untrusted sources are directly involved in data flow.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated variable and function names, which is unusual for typical utility code. However, there are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious intent. The functions are standard for test assertions.",
  "analysis": "The script defines two functions: one for formatting a list of key-value pairs with pprint, and another for comparing expected and actual data structures with optional deep diff. The comparison function sorts and matches lists, raising detailed exceptions if discrepancies are found. There is no network activity, no external calls, no dynamic code execution, and no suspicious imports beyond standard testing and deepdiff libraries. The obfuscated variable names could suggest an attempt at concealment, but they are consistent within context. Overall, the code appears to be a testing utility with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a testing utility for data comparison and formatting, with no evidence of malicious intent or malware. Its obfuscated naming might be for obfuscation but does not indicate harmful behavior. It poses no security risks based on this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}