{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to store and analyze login attempt data for security monitoring, including counting failed attempts for potential account lockout mechanisms.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters (user_agent, ip_address, username, http_accept, path_info, login_valid) and database queries on AccessAttempt objects.",
  "sinks": "Database creation of AccessAttempt records, filtering queries on AccessAttempt objects, and potential exceptions for invalid states.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are stored in the database via AccessAttempt.objects.create(). The get_approx_account_lockouts_from_login_attempts function queries the database based on input parameters and config settings to count recent failed attempts.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No unusual or suspicious code behavior observed. No data leaks, external network connections, or obfuscated code. The exception raised for invalid states might indicate some rigid input validation but is not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code securely stores login attempt data in the database, which is standard for security auditing. It constructs database queries based on input parameters and configuration flags, with proper handling for different lockout conditions. The function `get_approx_account_lockouts_from_login_attempts` calculates the number of failed attempts within a recent time window, which is typical for lockout mechanisms. No suspicious logic, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. The exception handling is for input validation and not indicative of malicious intent. The code relies on external configurations for behavior but does not contain any hardcoded secrets or malicious code injections. Overall, the code appears to be a typical, security-focused implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard security feature for tracking login attempts and enforcing lockout policies. No signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are identified. It functions as intended for security monitoring without introducing security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}