{
  "purpose": "The code provides decorators and functions to declare subroutines and external functions within a quantum programming framework, enabling users to define, annotate, and manage quantum and classical subroutines and externs.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from function arguments, decorator parameters, and type hints. It also inspects function signatures and annotations to generate subroutine and extern declarations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the creation of external function call objects (OQFunctionCall), which could be used to invoke external code or functions. The code constructs AST nodes for subroutines and externs, which could be misused if manipulated, but there are no direct unsafe data flows outside of AST construction.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-defined functions and decorator parameters through AST generation into function call objects. Function signatures and type hints are used to generate AST arguments and subroutine definitions. No untrusted data is propagated to system commands or network calls.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns. The code heavily relies on type hints and introspection but does not include obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or external data fetching. The only notable behavior is the flexible creation of external function calls and subroutines, which is standard for such frameworks.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of decorators and factory functions for generating subroutine and external function declarations within a quantum programming context. It uses introspection and type hints to automate AST generation. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data flows are detected. The absence of network access, file I/O, or external command execution reduces the likelihood of malicious activity. The design appears consistent with safe code intended for defining quantum programs and externs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical, well-structured implementation for managing quantum subroutines and external functions. It does not contain malicious code, suspicious behaviors, or security risks. The overall security risk is very low, and no malware indications are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}