{
  "purpose": "This code provides sample implementations for encryption and decryption of table entities, including key wrapping, key resolution, and entity operations within Azure Table Storage, primarily for demonstration or testing purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from UUID-generated identifiers, hardcoded entity properties, and environment sources like 'urandom' for key generation.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage could occur via print statements or logs if implemented, but none are present. Untrusted data could be encrypted and stored or decrypted via cryptographic functions, but no network transmission or file system access is directly shown here.",
  "flows": "Data flows from UUID-generated identifiers and environment variables into encryption/decryption methods; encrypted entity properties are inserted, retrieved, and updated within Azure Table Storage operations, with key resolution managed via in-memory objects.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external connections. The code uses cryptography APIs and Azure SDKs legitimately for encryption purposes. No obfuscated code or hidden behavior is detected. Usage of SHA1 for cryptographic operations is outdated but not malicious by itself. The code does not perform any network communication or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code contains sample implementations for key wrapping, including symmetric (AES) and asymmetric (RSA) encryption, and demonstrates entity encryption in Azure Table Storage. It employs environment-based random key generation and Azure SDK classes. The logic is consistent with encryption sample code, with no signs of malicious intent. No suspicious external calls, data leaks, or backdoors are present. Usage of cryptographic primitives aligns with typical sample code; no insecure practices like hardcoded secrets are observed. Overall, the code is a standard demonstration of encryption techniques with Azure Table Storage, with no evidence of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be benign, intended for educational or testing purposes around Azure Table Storage encryption. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. The cryptographic practices are standard for sample code, with no signs of security compromises.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}