{
  "purpose": "The code defines functions for parsing YAML strings with special handling for CloudFormation intrinsics, enabling customized interpretation of specific YAML tags.",
  "sources": "The code reads input YAML strings in the function 'yaml_parse' via the parameter 'yamlstr'. It also processes YAML nodes within 'intrinsics_multi_constructor' through the 'node' parameter, which is supplied by the YAML loader during parsing.",
  "sinks": "There are no apparent sinks where untrusted data could lead to data leaks, code execution, or other security effects. The code mainly constructs Python data structures from YAML input without executing or evaluating code.",
  "flows": "The source is the 'yaml_parse' function receiving input YAML; the 'intrinsics_multi_constructor' processes YAML nodes based on tags; the data is parsed into Python dictionaries, sequences, or scalars without executing arbitrary code.",
  "anomalies": "The code modifies 'yaml.SafeLoader' by adding a multi-constructor for custom tags, which could, in theory, be exploited if malicious YAML is provided with carefully crafted tags. However, the implementation appears standard and limited to parsing CloudFormation intrinsics. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious patterns are present. The comment indicates reliance on external code, but the implementation itself is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code enhances YAML parsing by adding support for CloudFormation intrinsic functions through a custom constructor. It processes specific tags, converting them into Python data structures. No code execution or external network calls are present. The modification to the YAML loader is minimal and limited to a controlled set of tags. There are no signs of obfuscated code or malicious payloads. Overall, the code is a specialized YAML parser extension with no evident malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a focused extension to a YAML parser for handling CloudFormation intrinsic tags. It does not perform any unsafe operations, code execution, or data exfiltration. No malware or malicious behavior is detected. The implementation appears safe and standard for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}