{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for bandwidth selection in kernel density estimation, including methods like Sheather-Jones, Scott's rule, and Silverman's rule.",
  "sources": "Reads data from input parameters, particularly the 'data' array in 'improved_sheather_jones', 'scotts_rule', and 'silvermans_rule'. Uses 'np' and 'scipy' libraries for computations.",
  "sinks": "Returns computed bandwidth values; no untrusted data is written or sent elsewhere.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed through various functions to compute bandwidths. Data flows from input arrays through statistical calculations to return numeric bandwidth values. No external network or file operations are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments detected. The code performs mathematical computations typical for bandwidth estimation. No obfuscated code or unusual behavior is present. The use of 'FLOAT' to select float128 if available is standard; no malicious intent is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for bandwidth estimation in KDE, including fixed-point and root-finding algorithms, using numerical methods like Brent's method. The implementations follow established statistical procedures with clear parameter handling. No input/output operations involve external systems beyond mathematical calculations. Warnings about ignoring weights are appropriate and non-malicious. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior detected. The code adheres to standard practices for statistical computations and numerical root finding.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of bandwidth selection algorithms for KDE, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs standard statistical calculations, and all data flows are contained within the program. No suspicious or harmful behaviors are identified.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}