{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for bandwidth selection in kernel density estimation, including methods like Sheather-Jones, Scott's rule, and Silverman's rule.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input arguments such as 'data' (np.ndarray), 'weights' (np.ndarray), and internal variables like 'initial_data', 'a', 'a2', 'I_sq'.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted data is used to influence calculations, but no explicit data exfiltration or network activity is present. No external data transmission, file writing, or network connections are observed.",
  "flows": "Data is input into functions; within 'improved_sheather_jones', data is binned and transformed via FFT, then used in root-finding algorithms to compute bandwidth. The root-finding process relies on the fixed point computations. No external data flows beyond input arguments and internal computations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution is evident. Warning messages warn about ignoring weights, but this is standard. No backdoors or hidden malicious code segments are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs statistical calculations for bandwidth selection without external network activity or data exfiltration. Functions like '_fixed_point', '_root', and 'improved_sheather_jones' implement established algorithms for density estimation. Use of scipy's root-finding and FFT functions is standard and safe. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior is identified. The code structure appears legitimate, following known algorithms with clear documentation and no obfuscated patterns. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code pathways are present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of bandwidth selection methods for KDE, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It utilizes common scientific libraries for legitimate purposes. Overall, the code appears safe and free from malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}