{
  "purpose": "The code is intended to configure and customize the display of test header information for a testing framework, specifically related to the 'pytest' framework and some project-specific modules.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from import statements (pytest_astropy_header.display, spherical_geometry), environment, and package import mechanisms. It also reads and modifies dictionary data structures.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present; there are no places where untrusted data is used to influence system behavior or leak information.",
  "flows": "The code imports modules to gather version information, then updates a dictionary of modules and their versions, which is used for test header display.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes commented-out lines for customization, which is typical but does not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious patterns, or obfuscated code are present. The import fallback pattern is standard and not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by attempting to import modules to gather testing header information. If the modules are not available, it initializes empty dictionaries. It then attempts to import a version string from the spherical_geometry module, defaulting to 'unknown' if not available. The code proceeds to modify the PYTEST_HEADER_MODULES dictionary by adding 'astropy' and removing certain packages like 'Scipy', 'Matplotlib', 'Pandas', and 'h5py'. These modifications are typical for configuring test output display. There are no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscated code, or suspicious data handling. All operations are straightforward and relevant to test configuration.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign and serves a clear purpose related to test header customization. It does not contain malicious behavior, data leaks, or security risks. The code appears safe, with no anomalies or signs of sabotage.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}