{
  "purpose": "The code handles inspection of a specific database table by executing multiple SQL scripts to gather metadata, storage, and health information.",
  "sources": "Reads SQL scripts via load_sql, retrieves table OID from database via execute_sql, and reads input parameters (schema_name, table_name).",
  "sinks": "Executes SQL queries, possibly including dynamically constructed SQL statements for 'SHOW TABLE' command. Uses execute_sql to run scripts, which could be a sink if scripts or parameters are malicious.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (schema_name, table_name) flow into SQL script construction, especially for the 'SHOW TABLE' command. OID retrieval flows into subsequent script executions that depend on the OID. Results are stored in raw_results_dict and returned.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. Dynamic SQL for 'SHOW TABLE' is constructed carefully, escaping quotes to avoid injection. Uses exception handling appropriately. No signs of obfuscated code or suspicious data manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The code securely retrieves table OID, then executes a series of predefined SQL scripts for table inspection. SQL scripts are loaded via load_sql and executed with parameters. Dynamic SQL for 'SHOW TABLE' is constructed with quote escaping, minimizing injection risk. Exception handling captures and logs errors without exposing sensitive data. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or backdoors are evident. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activity are present. The code is well-structured, with clear separation of concerns and proper error handling. Overall, the logic appears to be for legitimate database inspection purposes without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate database inspection tool that securely loads and executes SQL scripts to gather table metadata. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are present. The script handles errors appropriately and does not contain obfuscated or suspicious code elements.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}