{
  "purpose": "The code provides an asynchronous handler to inspect details of a specific table in a Redshift database, executing multiple SQL scripts to gather various metadata and statistics.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters (schema_name, table_name), configuration via get_data_api_config(), and SQL scripts loaded via load_sql().",
  "sinks": "Executes SQL queries via execute_sql(); potential data leakage if untrusted input is used in SQL commands; executes scripts that may process sensitive table metadata.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> load_sql() for scripts -> SQL execution via execute_sql() -> result processing and extraction -> returning collected data or exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic SQL construction for 'SHOW TABLE' command with string interpolation that handles quotes; loads SQL scripts dynamically; exception handling captures various errors but does not sanitize parameters explicitly. No hardcoded secrets or credentials found. The code's structure and flow are typical for such operations.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with input parameters and loads SQL scripts to query table OID and various metadata. It then attempts to retrieve the OID from the database, raising exceptions if not found or invalid. It then concurrently executes multiple detail scripts, constructing SQL dynamically based on script names, and extracts data or DDL statements. Exception handling is thorough, capturing script-not-found, API errors, and general exceptions. The logic is straightforward, with no indications of malicious code, backdoors, or covert channels. The dynamic SQL construction is within expected bounds for such scripts and does not appear obfuscated or malicious. No hardcoded credentials or secret tokens are present. Overall, the script performs standard database inspection operations with proper error handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical database inspection handler, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behaviors. It primarily executes predefined SQL scripts to gather metadata, with appropriate exception handling and logging. There are no indicators of malware or malicious data exfiltration, and the code structure appears clean and standard for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}