{
  "purpose": "The code provides an asynchronous handler for inspecting detailed information about a specific Redshift table, including retrieving its OID, executing various inspection scripts, and extracting DDL.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments (schema_name, table_name), loads SQL scripts using load_sql(), and retrieves configuration via get_data_api_config(). It also reads data from the database through execute_sql().",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow into SQL query strings (via load_sql()), especially in the construction of the 'SHOW TABLE' command, and into the parameters used for executing SQL scripts. Results are stored in raw_results_dict and potentially returned or logged.",
  "flows": "Input arguments (schema_name, table_name) → load_sql() for script loading → execute_sql() for database queries → data processing and extraction (e.g., DDL, OID) → storing results in raw_results_dict → returning results.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically constructs an SQL command using string formatting for 'SHOW TABLE', which could be risky if schema_name or table_name contain malicious SQL. However, the code attempts to sanitize by quoting the identifiers if necessary. No other suspicious patterns, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are present. The code uses standard async patterns and proper exception handling. No obfuscation or suspicious code behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation for database introspection, loading SQL scripts, executing them, and processing results. It carefully handles exceptions, logs progress, and extracts specific information like DDL statements. The dynamic SQL construction for 'SHOW TABLE' is potentially risky if user inputs are malicious, but the code attempts minimal sanitization. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden network activity. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured database inspection utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical database inspection handler with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The only minor concern is dynamic SQL construction with user-controlled inputs, which is partially mitigated by quoting identifiers. There are no signs of malware or security risks beyond standard considerations. Overall, it appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}