{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and functions for constructing, preparing, and handling HTTP requests and responses, including support for synchronous and asynchronous operations, encoding, decoding, and streaming response content.",
  "sources": "Input data includes user-supplied request parameters (method, url, headers, data, files, json, cookies, hooks, auth), and response data (raw response content, headers, trailers, request info). Data is read from request arguments and raw response objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include request bodies (body, data, json, files), headers (especially cookie and content-related headers), and response content (accessed via properties like content, text, json). These are points where untrusted input could be embedded, but primarily for data transmission or response parsing.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs into request preparation methods, where data is encoded, headers set, cookies prepared, and authentication handled. For responses, data flows from raw response objects into content, text, or json properties, which decode or process the response body. Response iteration functions process streamed response chunks, which are also potential data sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secret keys are present. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected. The code contains comprehensive error handling and encoding support. The use of standard libraries and well-known packages (requests, urllib3, charset_normalizer) indicates typical behavior. No hidden or suspicious behavior is observable.",
  "analysis": "The code implements HTTP request and response handling with support for both sync and async operations. It encodes request data, manages headers, cookies, authentication, and streaming response content with proper error handling for network issues and decoding errors. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or covert channels. The flow of untrusted data is typical for an HTTP client library, and no unusual or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of an HTTP client library with support for asynchronous operations, encoding, streaming, and error handling. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage signals. It is consistent with normal request/response handling patterns, and no security risks or malware indications are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}