{
  "purpose": "The code implements a comprehensive HTTP request and response handling library supporting sync and async operations, with features like headers, cookies, encoding, streaming, and hooks. It aims to facilitate safe and flexible HTTP communication.",
  "sources": "Input data from user parameters (method, url, headers, data, json, files, cookies, hooks, auth). Response raw data from network responses, including response stream and trailers.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could flow into hooks, which may execute user-defined callbacks; response content could be decoded or parsed. No code executes untrusted data as code, and no network connections are made to suspicious domains.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into request objects, which encode and prepare data, then transmit over network. Response raw data is streamed, decoded, and parsed into content, JSON, or text. Hooks may execute during request or response processing.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors detected. Hooks are user-definable and could execute arbitrary code if misused, but this is standard extensibility, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-structured HTTP client library supporting both sync and async workflows. It manages request construction, encoding, error handling, and response streaming securely. No signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or sabotage are present. External dependencies are common and used transparently. Hooks provide extensibility but could execute arbitrary code if misused; however, this is a known pattern, not a vulnerability. The data flow is typical for such libraries, with proper error handling and data decoding. The scores assigned (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1) are consistent with the code's nature and the detailed analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard HTTP client implementation with no signs of malicious intent, obfuscation, or sabotage. It is safe for supply chain use, with a very low security risk primarily due to user-defined hooks, which are a common extensibility feature. The high confidence and low malware/obfuscation scores are justified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}