{
  "purpose": "The code dynamically determines and sets a version of the 'abqpy' dependency for setup installation based on the current project's version control system.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment or package metadata to attempt to get version information via 'setuptools_scm'. It also uses 're' for parsing version strings.",
  "sinks": "The 'setup' function writes the resolved dependency string into the installation requirements, which could be exploited if manipulated, but in this context, it is standard setup logic.",
  "flows": "The version string obtained from 'setuptools_scm.get_version' flows into the formation of the dependency string 'abqpy=={version}', which is used by 'setup' for installation requirements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code. The fallback version '2025.*' is unconventional but not malicious; it indicates a future or placeholder version. The code uses dynamic version resolution, which could be risky if 'setuptools_scm' is compromised or returns malicious data, but this is unlikely in standard environments.",
  "analysis": "The code attempts to retrieve the project version via 'setuptools_scm', a common tool for version management in Python projects. If successful, it extracts the major and minor version components and formats them into a dependency string. If it fails (due to ImportError or LookupError), it defaults to '2025.*'. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data flows. The dynamic version resolution itself is a standard practice in Python packaging, not inherently malicious. No suspicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware signatures are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard dynamic dependency versioning for setup configuration without malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It relies on a common package 'setuptools_scm' and handles errors gracefully by falling back to a placeholder version. There are no malicious or maliciously obfuscated components detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}