{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client interface for interacting with HelloSign's report creation API, allowing users to request report generation via HTTP POST requests.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'report_create_request' parameter, which is passed to the 'report_create' method.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'call_with_http_info' method that sends the request over HTTP, and the 'deserialize' method that processes response data. No direct untrusted data sinks are present within the code; external inputs are serialized into HTTP requests.",
  "flows": "Input 'report_create_request' flows into the API call 'call_with_http_info'. The response or error from the server is deserialized and handled accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are observed. The code appears to be standard autogenerated API client code with exception handling. The exception handling reinterprets certain API errors but does not execute any malicious or unexpected actions.",
  "analysis": "The code is an autogenerated API client wrapper for HelloSign's report creation API. It performs standard functions: accepting input data, preparing HTTP requests, handling responses, and managing exceptions. The exception handling block attempts to deserialize error responses based on status codes, but it does not introduce any malicious behavior or unusual logic. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or suspicious activities. The presence of standard library imports and third-party dependencies appears typical for such autogenerated SDK code. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a straightforward API client interface for report creation. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate, autogenerated SDK code with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}