{
  "purpose": "The code is a Python SDK for managing Arlo security devices, including authentication, device control, streaming, and user profile management.",
  "sources": "API endpoints for authentication, device commands, email polling via Gmail API, and credential loading from pickle files.",
  "sinks": "API requests with tokens, email content parsing, and credential storage; potential data flow from external inputs (email, API responses).",
  "flows": "Credentials and tokens flow from pickle or base64 encoding into API headers; email polling for MFA codes; device commands sent via API requests; streaming URLs retrieved and used.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable and class names, use of pickle for credential storage, base64 encoding of passwords, complex flow with email parsing and regex, hardcoded URLs and domains, and extensive dynamic URL and request construction.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated with non-descriptive variable names, indicating an attempt to conceal internal logic. It handles sensitive data such as passwords and tokens, often using insecure practices like pickle loading and base64 encoding. It interacts with external APIs for device management, streaming, and MFA, but no active malicious payloads or backdoors are evident. The email polling for MFA codes, while complex, is a legitimate method in such SDKs. The extensive use of dynamic URL construction and obfuscated code increases the difficulty of static analysis but does not inherently indicate malicious intent. No signs of data exfiltration, reverse shells, or sabotage are present. The overall structure suggests a legitimate client library with security hygiene issues rather than malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, albeit obfuscated, SDK for managing Arlo devices. It contains security concerns related to credential handling and obfuscation but shows no active malicious behavior or payloads. The low malware score (~0.15) and moderate security risk (~0.35) are justified. The obfuscation score (~0.75) reflects the code's intentionally complex naming and structure. Overall, it is a benign SDK with security hygiene issues rather than malware or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.15,
  "securityRisk": 0.35,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}