{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for managing custom indicator modules in pandas_ta, including importing modules, creating directories, and binding functions to pandas_ta objects.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from filesystem paths (create_dir, import_dir), module files (load_indicator_module), and user-provided paths for custom indicator directories.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink points include dynamic import of modules (importlib.import_module), execution of functions within imported modules, and modification of pandas_ta's category list and AnalysisIndicators class via setattr.",
  "flows": "Sources (filesystem paths, dynamic module imports) lead to execution of imported module functions, which may be bound into pandas_ta, potentially executing arbitrary code upon import or function call.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or secrets are present. Use of importlib.reload and dynamic imports are common but can be abused if modules are maliciously crafted. No obfuscated code, no unusual variable names, or hidden behavior detected. The code relies heavily on filesystem and import operations which can execute untrusted code if modules are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly handles filesystem operations, directory creation, module importing, and binding functions. The dynamic import and reload allow for execution of code in imported modules, which could be malicious if a user provides a malicious module. There is no explicit malicious code or backdoors; however, the import mechanism itself can be a vector if untrusted modules are imported. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code detected. The functions depend on the safety of the modules provided but do not contain malicious intent by themselves.",
  "conclusion": "The code is generally safe and intended for managing custom pandas_ta indicators. However, it has the inherent risk that importing malicious modules could execute arbitrary code during import or function execution. No malware or malicious intent is explicitly present in the code itself, but the dynamic import process could be exploited if untrusted modules are loaded. Overall, moderate security risk depending on module source trust.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 2
}