{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a collection of various function definitions, print statements, and control flow structures, likely for testing or demonstration purposes. There is no clear purpose related to data processing, external communication, or functionality that indicates malicious intent.",
  "sources": "Imports sys, os, subprocess, argparse, copy, math, email modules. No external input sources or untrusted data reads are evident. No user input handling is present.",
  "sinks": "No apparent use of sinks that process untrusted data or perform sensitive operations. The code contains no network communication, file access, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows. The code primarily executes print statements and simple computations without data propagation from external sources.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual formatting and redundant or commented-out code segments. Use of old-style exception raises (e.g., 'raise ValueError, ...'), which could indicate outdated or intentionally obfuscated code. No explicit hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious payloads detected.",
  "analysis": "The code contains multiple functions with minimal logic, mostly print statements, and placeholder code. There are several commented or stylistic anomalies, such as inconsistent spacing, commented lines, and old syntax. No network calls, file manipulations, or input handling that could be exploited. The code does not include any obfuscated or dynamically executed code. Overall, it appears to be benign, possibly a template or test script with no malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code shows no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be a benign collection of functions and print statements with some stylistic irregularities. No data leakage, backdoors, or malicious activities are present based on this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}