{
  "purpose": "This code provides type definitions, enumerations, interfaces, and class wrappers for AWS Lambda Node.js functions with bundling capabilities using esbuild. It facilitates infrastructure as code for deploying Node.js Lambdas with various configurations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters, environment variables, import statements, and configuration files (e.g., tsconfig.json, package.json). It accesses package version info and constructs configuration options.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain direct sinks such as network calls, file writes, or command executions. It defines structures and interfaces for bundling and deploying Lambda functions, but does not perform runtime or system actions.",
  "flows": "There are no explicit data flow paths from sources to sinks. The code structures configurations and types without executing or manipulating external untrusted data at runtime.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code is a standard, well-documented infrastructure library for AWS CDK constructs with no suspicious behavior. The presence of extensive configuration options and type checking suggests a focus on flexible, safe deployment setups.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of data type definitions, enumerations, and interface protocols for AWS Lambda Node.js functions with bundling options via esbuild. It performs version checks for dependencies like 'typeguard' and defines class structures that facilitate configuration without executing runtime logic. There are no code execution, network activity, or data leaks observed. The code appears to be an open-source, standard library component with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, well-structured set of type definitions and configurations for AWS Lambda Node.js functions, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It strictly serves as a configuration and type interface layer for infrastructure deployment. The malware score is 0, security risk is low, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}