{
  "purpose": "This code defines Python classes and enums for configuring AWS Lambda functions using the AWS CDK, specifically for Node.js functions with esbuild bundling options.",
  "sources": "Class and method definitions, enum declarations, and import statements, primarily reading configuration parameters and setting up data structures.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present that handle untrusted data or perform unsafe operations. No network connections, file writes, or external commands are executed.",
  "flows": "No data flows indicating injection or malicious data handling. The code constructs configuration objects without executing external or sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code is predominantly declarative, defining data types and configuration schemas. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides data type definitions for bundling options, logging, source map modes, and properties for a custom Node.js Lambda function class in the AWS CDK. It imports necessary AWS SDK modules, defines enums for configurations, and specifies class constructors with extensive parameter validation. All operations are related to configuration setup, with no signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior. There are no external commands, network connections, or file manipulations executed at runtime. The structure appears standard for a CDK construct library, and no anomalous or suspicious patterns are evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard configuration and type declaration module for AWS CDK constructs related to Node.js Lambda functions. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. Its purpose is to facilitate safe configuration of Lambda functions with various options. Therefore, the code can be considered safe and non-malicious.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}