{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Terraform data source class for reading sensitive file contents using the CDK for Terraform (CDKTF). It provides mechanisms for importing, configuring, and retrieving file content and hash information.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from function parameters (e.g., filename, connection, depends_on) and from imported modules such as 'jsii', 'publication', and CDKTF constructs. No external untrusted input handling is evident.",
  "sinks": "The code exposes properties like 'content', 'contentBase64', and hash properties that could be used to leak file contents if accessed maliciously. However, these are read-only attributes derived from the file specified.",
  "flows": "The data flows from the 'filename' parameter (source) to the internal mechanisms that read the file's contents, producing various hashes and content encodings (sinks). The flow is straightforward and contained within the class, with no external or network communication.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The code structure is typical for a generated CDKTF construct. There are no signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, network activity, or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code imports necessary modules and defines a class representing a data source that reads a local file for Terraform. It includes methods for configuration, import, and property access, all following standard patterns. Type checking functions are present to enforce type safety. No external inputs are processed insecurely, and no malicious behaviors are apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, generated Terraform CDK construct for reading sensitive local files. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. Its purpose is to facilitate infrastructure management with no evident security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}