{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Terraform data source class for reading sensitive file contents and their hashes within the CDK for Terraform (CDKTF) framework, with helper functions for type checking.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the 'filename' parameter during object initialization and through the 'content' and hash properties. External dependencies include imported modules such as 'pkgutil', 'typeguard', and the Terraform CDK libraries.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows include the 'filename' parameter which is used to read file content; properties like 'content', 'contentBase64', and hash values could expose sensitive file contents if misused.",
  "flows": "Input flows from the 'filename' argument in the constructor to reading the file contents internally (implied, not shown explicitly in this code). The class properties expose this data, potentially leading to data leaks if accessed maliciously.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are evident. The code appears to be standard boilerplate for a Terraform data source, with no obfuscated code or unusual constructs. The use of typeguards and dynamic type checking is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a data source class for reading sensitive files, including properties to access file content and hashes. It includes type checking stubs and import statements for necessary modules. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The content property and hash properties could potentially leak sensitive file data if misused, but this aligns with expected functionality. No suspicious code patterns or malware indicators are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate, serving as a wrapper for a Terraform data source to read sensitive files and expose their hashes and contents. There are no signs of malicious intent or security risks beyond standard exposure of file data, which is inherent to the data source purpose. Overall, it is a standard implementation with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}