{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Terraform data source for reading sensitive file contents, intended for use with the CDK for Terraform (CDKTF). It facilitates importing, configuring, and accessing file content hashes and encoded data within a Terraform-managed infrastructure.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from parameters such as 'filename' (a file path), environment/configurations for provider connections, dependencies, lifecycle settings, and optional provisioners. It also retrieves internal properties like 'content' and hash values from the Terraform data source.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the 'content' and hash properties that expose the contents of the specified file. These are potentially sensitive data outputs. The code itself does not send data over the network or write to external locations.",
  "flows": "Input 'filename' flows from the constructor into the data source configuration. The 'content' and hash properties flow from the Terraform data source outputs, which are derived from reading the specified file. No untrusted external data inputs are used beyond the filename, which is controlled by the user.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. It uses standard pattern for defining Terraform data sources and configuration classes. No obfuscated language features or unnecessary dynamic code execution are present. No malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or reverse shell mechanisms are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a Terraform data source class using CDKTF and JSII, designed to read the contents of a local sensitive file. It includes type checking, import/export functionalities, and property accessors for file content and hashes. The 'filename' parameter is the only user-provided input, which is used to locate and read the file content. All properties are read-only outputs, and there are no code injection or external communication mechanisms. The code structure adheres to typical patterns for CDKTF constructs, with no signs of malicious logic or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate, boilerplate implementation of a Terraform data source for sensitive files, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It simply exposes file content and hash information based on user-specified file path, following standard practices.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}