{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Terraform data source for reading sensitive file content and its associated configuration classes for use with the CDK for Terraform (CDKTF).",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as filename and optional connection, provider, lifecycle, and provisioners, primarily during class instantiation and configuration setup.",
  "sinks": "Data returned includes file content, base64-encoded content, and content hashes. These are exposed via property getters and are not sinks for untrusted data execution but are outputs based on file reading.",
  "flows": "Input parameters like 'filename' are passed during object construction. The content and hash properties are derived from reading the file specified, with no data flow from untrusted external sources within the code.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors. The code is primarily boilerplate for defining infrastructure as code constructs, with type checks and class configurations. No network activity, code injection, or obfuscated code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a Terraform data source class for reading a local sensitive file, with associated configuration data class. It includes type checking, class inheritance, and property accessors for file content and hashes. No untrusted data processing, external network calls, or malicious logic are detected. The code appears standard for infrastructure configuration, with no signs of obfuscation or malware. The code is consistent with standard CDKTF patterns and references a Terraform data source for sensitive files.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a Terraform data source for reading sensitive file content in a CDKTF context. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. It simply exposes file content and hashes based on a given filename. The overall security risk is minimal, with high confidence that it is benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}