{
  "purpose": "The code provides methods to rotate API tokens within the Indexing API, including synchronous and asynchronous functions, with configuration options for retries, server URL, timeouts, and headers.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment security settings via 'get_security_from_env', request parameters like retries, server URL, timeout, headers, and internal configuration objects. Input is also taken from function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the HTTP request execution via 'do_request' and 'do_request_async', which send data over the network. The environment security settings might be used for sensitive information, but are obtained via a function designed to get security info from environment variables.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters into request building, including retries, URLs, headers, and security configs, then into network request functions. Responses are processed and errors raised based on response content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code uses standard request building and error handling. No signs of obfuscation or unnecessary dynamic execution are present. Use of 'get_security_from_env' suggests environment-based security configuration, which is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward SDK implementation for token rotation, utilizing environment variables for security, with standard HTTP request handling. No malicious or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code does not include any behavior that could be used maliciously, such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors. It handles retries, errors, and response parsing properly. All network operations and security configurations follow typical patterns for SDKs.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard SDK component for rotating API tokens, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It handles network requests and error responses in a typical manner. No anomalies or malware indications are present based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}