{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to encrypt and decrypt Python scripts using a custom TokenCryptor, with the ability to process files through command-line arguments.",
  "sources": "Input file read via open(input_path, 'r', encoding='utf-8')",
  "sinks": "Output file written via open(output_path, 'w', encoding='utf-8')",
  "flows": "File content is read into memory, processed (encrypted or decrypted), and then written back to disk. Encryption involves calling cryptor.encrypt() on each line, decryption involves calling cryptor.decrypt() on encrypted segments extracted from the code.",
  "anomalies": "Use of a custom 'TokenCryptor' class from an external module 'notoken887.encryptor' suggests proprietary or potentially obfuscated encryption logic. The code encrypts entire code blocks and wraps execution in a decrypted 'exec', which can be used to hide malicious payloads or conceal malicious intent. Adding extensive comment lines with repetitive symbols ('卐') could be used to obfuscate or distract. The code pattern of decrypting code at runtime and executing it dynamically is suspicious, especially if the source of the 'TokenCryptor' is untrusted.",
  "analysis": "The script processes files by reading their content, encrypting or decrypting lines based on mode, and wrapping the encrypted code in a decrypt-and-execute pattern. The use of 'TokenCryptor' for encryption/decryption suggests the code may conceal malicious payloads or behavior. The addition of large comment blocks with the '卐' symbol appears to be an obfuscation or distraction tactic. The dynamic execution of decrypted code via 'exec' introduces a significant security risk if the encrypted content is malicious, as it executes arbitrary code at runtime. There are no indications of hardcoded credentials or network connections, but the pattern of encrypted code execution and obfuscation points towards potential malicious use or at least concealment of malicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears designed to obfuscate and conceal Python code execution, potentially allowing malicious scripts to run without easy detection. Its use of encrypted code, dynamic execution, and obfuscation techniques raises concerns about malicious intent or malicious payload concealment. While it does not directly perform harmful actions, the pattern of runtime decryption and execution can be exploited for malicious purposes, especially if the 'TokenCryptor' is from an untrusted source.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.4,
  "securityRisk": 0.65,
  "report_number": 5
}