{
  "purpose": "This script is designed to encrypt or decrypt Python code files using the TokenCryptor class from the notoken887.encryptor module, effectively obfuscating or restoring code content.",
  "sources": "Reads input Python files from specified paths, reads code content from files, and reads the 'encrypted_code' value from encrypted content during decryption.",
  "sinks": "Writes processed (encrypted or decrypted) code to output files, potentially injecting dynamic code via exec().",
  "flows": "Reads file content -> encrypts or decrypts code -> constructs new code with comments or decrypted content -> writes to output file.",
  "anomalies": "Uses exec() with decrypted code, which can execute arbitrary code. Inserts large comment blocks with repeated characters, possibly for obfuscation or padding. The decryption process depends on parsing a specific 'encrypted_code' line. No hardcoded credentials or network activity observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs file I/O to read and write Python scripts, and uses a custom TokenCryptor class to handle encryption and decryption. In encryption mode, it encrypts code lines and embeds them into a wrapper script that decrypts and executes the code at runtime via exec(), which can be exploited if malicious code is inserted or if the encrypted content is malicious. The decryption process extracts the encrypted string from a specific line, decrypts it, and removes comments. The use of exec() is risky, but no network calls, system modifications, or suspicious data leaks are directly evident. No hardcoded secrets are present, and the logic appears focused on obfuscation. The large comment blocks appear to be padding or obfuscation rather than malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The script primarily performs code obfuscation and de-obfuscation through encryption and dynamic execution. While the use of exec() is inherently risky, there is no direct evidence of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or network activity. The code's main purpose is to hide code logic, which can be used maliciously or benignly. Overall, it does not appear to be malicious or sabotaging but contains potential security risks due to dynamic code execution.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}