{
  "purpose": "The code encrypts and decrypts Python scripts using an external TokenCryptor, wrapping the decrypted code for runtime execution via exec(). It employs heavy obfuscation techniques, including large comment blocks with repeated characters.",
  "sources": "Reads input file content, including import statements and code lines; decrypts encrypted code from embedded variables.",
  "sinks": "Executes decrypted code dynamically with exec(), which can run malicious payloads if the encrypted content is malicious.",
  "flows": "Reads input file -> encrypts/decrypts code -> wraps code with comments and runtime execution -> writes output file.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy use of large comment blocks with repeated characters, reliance on external TokenCryptor with unknown implementation, dynamic execution of decrypted code, skipping import encryption.",
  "analysis": "The script functions as an obfuscation utility, encrypting code and executing it at runtime. The use of exec() on decrypted code introduces security risks, especially if the encrypted content is malicious or untrusted. The large comment blocks serve as obfuscation but do not indicate malicious intent. The external TokenCryptor's behavior is unknown, limiting full assessment. No hardcoded secrets or network activity are present. The code's pattern allows concealment of malicious payloads, but evidence of malicious activity is absent. The primary concern is the potential misuse of this pattern for malicious purposes, given the inherent risks of dynamic code execution and heavy obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily an obfuscation utility with significant security risks due to runtime decryption and execution. While no explicit malicious payloads are present, the pattern of using exec() on decrypted code makes it susceptible to malicious exploitation if misused. The heavy obfuscation techniques further conceal potential malicious intent, but based on the provided code, there is no direct evidence of malware. The overall risk is moderate to high, primarily because of the unsafe execution pattern, warranting cautious use and further scrutiny of the external TokenCryptor.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}