{
  "purpose": "The code provides a command-line utility to encrypt and decrypt Python scripts using a custom TokenCryptor, aimed at obscuring code for security or privacy purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads input Python files specified by the user, including content, import statements, and encrypted code blocks.",
  "sinks": "Writes the processed (encrypted or decrypted) code to an output file. Uses exec() to run decrypted code dynamically within the program.",
  "flows": "Reads file content -> encrypts/decrypts code -> constructs output content -> writes to output file. During decryption, executes decrypted code via exec().",
  "anomalies": "The code encrypts the entire script except import lines, then decrypts and executes it dynamically, which can be risky. The inclusion of repeated comment lines with special characters ('卐') is unusual but not malicious. The use of exec() on decrypted code is a significant security concern, as it allows execution of potentially malicious payloads if input is compromised. The code does not perform any validation or sandboxing for decrypted code.",
  "analysis": "The script securely reads input files, encrypts code (excluding import statements) with an external TokenCryptor, and constructs an output script that decrypts and executes code at runtime. The decryption process involves extracting encrypted segments and removing comments. The dynamic execution with exec() introduces a major security risk, especially if the encrypted content or input files are manipulated maliciously. There are no signs of hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code's obfuscation is limited to runtime encryption/decryption, not obfuscation of source code. The repeated insertion of large comment blocks ('卐') appears to be for obfuscation or aesthetic purposes, not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily functions as a runtime encryptor/decryptor for Python scripts, executing decrypted code via exec(). While it does not contain malicious payloads by itself, the use of exec() on decrypted content presents a significant security risk, especially if input files are untrusted or tampered with. The structure and logic do not show signs of malicious intent, but the approach to runtime code execution warrants caution.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.7,
  "report_number": 4
}