{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions for extracting, representing, and downloading YouTube videos and streams, including handling video metadata and stream files.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from user-provided URLs, playlist data, and network responses; environment variables are indirectly accessed via HTTP headers and response info.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows into URL requests, filename generation, and file operations such as writing streams to disk and renaming files.",
  "flows": "Data flows from URL inputs through extraction functions into network requests (download streams, fetch gdata), then into file system writes during downloads and remuxing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual obfuscated code. Use of subprocess to invoke external tools (ffmpeg/avconv) is standard but could be risky if parameters are manipulated, though here they are static.",
  "analysis": "The code performs URL parsing, network requests, and file operations in a typical manner for a media downloader. It includes functions for size calculation, remuxing, and progress reporting. No suspicious network activity is observed beyond legitimate HTTP requests. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The subprocess call for remuxing is standard for media processing, and no dynamic command injection is evident. The URL handling, filename generation, and network response parsing do not contain malicious anomalies. Overall, the code appears to implement legitimate functionality for downloading and processing YouTube videos, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a YouTube media downloader library, with no malicious behavior or sabotage evident. It manages video and stream data securely, with typical network and file operations. There are no indicators of malware or malicious data leakage. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}