{
  "purpose": "The code functions as a YouTube media downloader and metadata extractor, handling URL parsing, network requests, stream management, and optional remuxing via external tools.",
  "sources": "URL parsing functions, network requests to fetch video data, and external subprocess calls for remuxing.",
  "sinks": "Network responses, subprocess execution for remuxing, and file write operations.",
  "flows": "Input URLs are parsed to extract video IDs, which are used to fetch metadata and streams; streams are downloaded and optionally remuxed via subprocess calls.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious data flows are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard operations for a media downloader: URL parsing, network requests, stream handling, and subprocess invocation for remuxing. No signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or obfuscation are evident. External tools like ffmpeg or avconv are used for remuxing, which is typical but could be risky if inputs are manipulated; however, in this code, commands are static and controlled. The network interactions and file operations appear safe and standard. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. The subprocess calls are used for remuxing, which is common in media processing but could be exploited if inputs are untrusted, though no such inputs are directly incorporated here. Overall, the code is well-structured, with no malicious intent or sabotage detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate YouTube media utility with no signs of malware, sabotage, or obfuscation. The low security risk score (~0.2) and malware score (0) are justified. It relies on external tools for remuxing, which is standard practice. No vulnerabilities or malicious behaviors are evident. The code's operations are consistent with expected functionality for such a utility, and the assessments across reports are accurate and aligned.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}