{
  "purpose": "The code provides logging, event handling, and context management utilities for a Python environment, likely for serverless or function-based applications.",
  "sources": "Input sources include environment variables (os.environ), JSON data (json.loads), and base64-encoded bodies (base64.b64decode).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include logging outputs via the Logger class, environment variable access, and decoding of potentially untrusted data via base64 and JSON decoding.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources such as environment variables, JSON strings, and encoded bodies through decoding functions, into event objects, and subsequently into logging or environment modifications.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secret keys are present. The code contains standard logging and event handling logic. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are evident. The environment-based context injection appears benign. No network calls or data exfiltration mechanisms are implemented.",
  "analysis": "The code defines logging classes with configurable handlers, event data models with JSON serialization/deserialization, and context setup functions for Jupyter Notebook detection. All operations are standard for debugging, logging, and event management. No suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or data leakage mechanisms are present. The decoding functions safely handle exceptions, and no unsafe or malicious data flows are identified. The environment variable check for 'NUCLIO_FUNCTION_INSTANCE' is benign and typical for environment-specific behavior. Overall, the code appears purely functional with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a straightforward implementation of logging, event handling, and environment detection utilities. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. No signs of malware, obfuscation, or malicious data exfiltration are detected. The security risk score is minimal, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}