{
  "purpose": "This code provides a wrapper around the requests library to add default headers and generate unique IDs for traceability, as well as a utility to create transformation task URLs.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data from filestack.config, request parameters, and headers from function calls or defaults, as well as the current time for headers.",
  "sinks": "Makes HTTP requests using the wrapped requests methods, potentially exposing request data if response or request parameters are mishandled.",
  "flows": "The code generates custom headers with trace IDs, performs HTTP requests, and processes parameters into transformation URLs; data flows from input parameters and config to HTTP requests and responses.",
  "anomalies": "The unique_id function generates a random string but uses the 'random' module without cryptographic security; no hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code does not perform any malicious actions or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code wraps the requests library to standardize headers and handle responses. The unique_id function creates non-secure random strings for trace IDs, which is acceptable for tracing but not cryptographically secure. The request handling includes error conversion to a custom exception, with no indication of malicious intent. The URL transformation function constructs strings from parameters without evaluating or executing them, thus not executing arbitrary code. No hidden or backdoor code, no suspicious network activity, and no insecure data handling are detected. Overall, the code appears to be a utility module aimed at improving request traceability and URL formatting without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard wrapper for request handling and URL transformation, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It does not include any obfuscation or suspicious operations. The use of non-cryptographic random for trace IDs is a minor concern but not malicious. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}