{
  "purpose": "Create character-specific functions that invoke 'draw' with user input and character lines based on the 'CHARS' data.",
  "sources": "The 'CHARS' dictionary providing character line data, and the 'text' input provided to each generated function.",
  "sinks": "The 'draw' function, which processes the 'text' and character lines; potential for untrusted input to be handled insecurely depending on 'draw' implementation.",
  "flows": "User calls a character function -> function calls 'draw' with 'str(text)' and 'ch_lines' from 'CHARS' -> 'draw' processes the input.",
  "anomalies": "Use of default argument 'ch_lines=ch_lines' inside a loop to capture current 'ch_lines' value; no obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically creates functions for each character in 'CHARS', assigning them to the global namespace. It calls 'draw' with user input and character data. No malicious code, obfuscation, or network activity is present. The main security concern is if 'CHARS' contains malicious data, which could influence behavior if 'draw' processes input insecurely. The pattern is standard and safe, with the security risk depending on external data trustworthiness and 'draw' implementation. No signs of malicious intent or obfuscation are observed. The malware score is 0, and the obfuscated score is 0. The security risk score is conservatively set around 0.2, considering potential issues if 'CHARS' is malicious or 'draw' mishandles input.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, standard pattern for dynamic function creation based on external data. No malicious behavior or obfuscation is evident. The primary security consideration is the trustworthiness of 'CHARS' and the implementation of 'draw'. Given the current context, the code is safe, with a low to moderate security risk depending on external data and function implementation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}