{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for handling HTTP ETag headers and match conditions, primarily for use in a text translation client configuration context.",
  "sources": "The functions read input parameters such as 'etag' and 'match_condition'. There are no external data sources or untrusted input streams directly involved.",
  "sinks": "The functions output modified ETag headers or match condition strings, which are used in HTTP requests. These are not security-sensitive sinks by themselves but are critical in request headers.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('etag', 'match_condition') are processed through conditional logic to produce modified header values, but no untrusted data is executed or transmitted beyond standard header formatting.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward and primarily handles string formatting and conditional logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. No suspicious network activity or malicious behavior is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions that manipulate ETag headers and match conditions for HTTP requests. The functions perform simple string checks and formatting, such as adding quotes or returning wildcards based on conditions. There are no external data sources, no execution of untrusted code, and no system or network calls beyond standard string processing. The code appears to be part of a larger, legitimate SDK used internally for managing HTTP headers related to resource versioning or concurrency control. The use of standard library functions and the absence of any suspicious patterns suggest no malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign utility functions for handling HTTP ETag and match conditions. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. It is likely part of a legitimate SDK component intended for internal use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}