{
  "purpose": "The code appears to process and log details of HTTP requests and responses, likely for debugging or monitoring purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include request headers, cookies, parameters, data, JSON payloads, response headers, cookies, elapsed time, encoding, reason, and response content.",
  "sinks": "The main sinks involve logging or returning formatted strings that include request/response details and their contents, potentially exposing sensitive information if verbose mode is enabled.",
  "flows": "Input data from request/response objects flows into logging functions where data is optionally processed (decoded, formatted) and then included in output strings; verbose flags influence how much data is logged.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated variable names, redundant code patterns, and potential misuse of string formatting may indicate attempts to conceal intent or simply poor coding style; no hardcoded secrets are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions to process HTTP request and response objects. It decodes content safely using a try-except block, avoiding code injection vulnerabilities. The request data is cleaned and formatted before logging, with options for verbose output. The response data is similarly processed. The code handles verbose mode with detailed info and concise summaries. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious code execution mechanisms are present. The obfuscated variable names and inconsistent formatting suggest poor code quality but not malicious intent. Overall, the functions perform data formatting and logging without evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain tampering.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily for logging HTTP request and response details with obfuscated variable names and complex formatting logic. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or data theft. The complexity appears to be due to obfuscation or poor coding style rather than malicious activity. It poses minimal security risk but should be reviewed for clarity and proper handling of sensitive data.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}