{
  "purpose": "The code provides geographic calculations such as clamping values, computing haversine distances, and estimating zoom levels based on radius, likely for mapping or location-based features.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters for geographic coordinates and radius; Window metrics for display calculations.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data, external data transmission, or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through mathematical calculations, with no evidence of untrusted data affecting external systems or sensitive outputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains highly obfuscated function names and variable names, which obscure intent and logic. The function 'cmClrGGyxZywznhZoCtPElVNczrGQdqb' performs geographic calculations using trigonometry, which appears legitimate. The loop in 'yMvvUsibdSIwnYmoWbUXmFPCRJsXDVOF' adjusts a zoom level parameter based on map size and radius. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The obfuscation appears intentional to obscure understanding but does not exhibit malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for geographic calculations, including clamping values, calculating haversine distance, and determining zoom levels for map views. The obfuscation in naming and the lack of external data handling suggest an attempt to conceal purpose rather than malicious intent. The calculations use standard geographic formulas with no signs of malicious data leaks or harmful operations. No network activity, data exfiltration, or system damage code is present. The use of standard math and window metrics aligns with mapping functionalities.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to implement legitimate geographic and mapping utilities with obfuscated identifiers. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The obfuscation likely aims to hinder easy understanding but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}