{
  "purpose": "This code provides several Streamlit applications for interacting with OpenAI models, including chatbots, feedback collection, and demos.",
  "sources": "Reads OpenAI API keys from user input and secrets; reads user prompts and feedback input from Streamlit UI components.",
  "sinks": "Uses OpenAI API calls for generating responses; updates session state; displays responses and feedback. No evidence of data leaks or external data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "User inputs -> API key input -> OpenAI API calls -> Responses -> Feedback submissions -> Session state updates.",
  "anomalies": "Potential reuse of 'key' parameters for multiple components (e.g., 'chatbot_api_key') which may cause conflicts; no explicit sanitization or validation of user input beyond Streamlit's UI components. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors. No obfuscated code detected. Feedback functions called with 'on_submit' callbacks, but these do not process untrusted data maliciously.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes multiple Streamlit apps for chatting and feedback, reads API keys from user input and secrets, and makes calls to OpenAI's API with the provided keys. The API keys are stored in session state and directly assigned to the openai library for API requests, which is standard practice but relies on secure handling of user-provided secrets. The functions do not include any malicious code such as data exfiltration, command execution, or network connections outside of API calls. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious dynamic code execution, or obfuscated segments are present. Feedback mechanisms are UI components that send user responses to callbacks without malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears to implement user-facing AI interaction features with no malicious intent or security breaches.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Streamlit app integrating OpenAI models with feedback features. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indicators are present. It primarily handles user input, API calls, and UI updates without security risks or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}