{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of Streamlit applications for interacting with OpenAI's language models, including chatbots and feedback collection components.",
  "sources": "Input sources include user text inputs via st.text_input, st.text_area, and st.chat_input; API keys via st.secrets; session state for storing messages and responses.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting openai.api_key, making API calls to openai.ChatCompletion.create and openai.Completion.create, and updating session state with responses.",
  "flows": "Sources (user inputs, API keys) flow into API calls; responses from openai are stored and displayed; feedback components are triggered on messages, with data possibly collected from users.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors are observed. API key handling appears standard; no hardcoded secrets or credentials. Feedback functions are used for UI interactions only.",
  "analysis": "The code manages user interactions with language models via Streamlit, handles API keys securely through st.secrets, and employs standard API calls. No obfuscated code or malicious data flows are detected. Feedback mechanisms do not transmit data externally; they are for user input collection. The logic appears straightforward, focusing on chat functionalities, feedback collection, and demo components. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The API keys are fetched from secrets, reducing risk of leakage. External network connections are limited to legitimate OpenAI API calls. Overall, the code is consistent with typical Streamlit app practices and does not exhibit malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of Streamlit apps integrating OpenAI's API for chat and feedback features. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware is detected. The code responsibly handles API keys and user data within typical bounds. It poses no security risks based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}