{
  "purpose": "Obfuscated custom exception classes, likely used for error handling within a larger application.",
  "sources": "Class definitions, constructor (__init__) methods, class names (obfuscated), placeholders ('...') indicating incomplete code.",
  "sinks": "No data input/output, no external system interactions, no network or file operations detected.",
  "flows": "No data flow or external data handling; classes are isolated definitions with no active logic.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated class names, placeholder '...' indicating incomplete or intentionally obscured code, no functional implementation.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of class definitions for custom exceptions with obfuscated names. Only one class has an explicit constructor passing messages to the base Exception class. Multiple classes contain '...' or are incomplete, suggesting placeholders or obfuscation. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, code injection, or external interactions. The obfuscation appears to be a deliberate attempt to conceal class purposes but does not indicate malicious intent. The malware score is appropriately set to 0, as no malicious activity is present. The high obfuscation score (0.8) is justified due to the class naming and placeholder code. The security risk score remains low (0.1-0.2), reflecting the benign nature of the code. Overall, the code appears to be benign, with obfuscation being the primary concern but not indicative of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of obfuscated exception class definitions with no active malicious logic or external data handling. The high obfuscation score is justified, but there is no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. The malware score remains at 0, and the overall security risk is minimal. The reports' assessments are consistent and appropriate given the code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}