{
  "purpose": "The code provides a CLI tool for encrypting and decrypting files within a directory using AES encryption with user-provided password, primarily for protecting files through symmetric encryption.",
  "sources": "Reads input from the user via click.prompt for password; reads files from the specified directory and its subdirectories; reads file contents during encryption and decryption.",
  "sinks": "Writes encrypted data to new files with .enc suffix; writes decrypted plaintext back to original filenames; deletes original files after processing.",
  "flows": "User inputs password -> encrypt/decrypt functions derive key from password and salt -> read file contents -> encrypt/decrypt data -> save to new files and delete originals.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded secrets or credentials. Usage of secrets.token_bytes() for salt and IV is appropriate. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. No network activity or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs file encryption and decryption using standard cryptographic practices (AES CBC with PKCS7 padding and PBKDF2 key derivation). The salt and IV are securely generated via secrets.token_bytes(). Files are read and written in a straightforward manner. User input is securely prompted, and no hardcoded secrets or backdoors are visible. Error handling is minimal but does not exhibit malicious behavior. No suspicious data leaks, network activity, or malicious operations are present. The overall structure and implementation align with legitimate cryptographic file protection tools.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard, legitimate file encryption tool with no malicious intent. It employs proper cryptographic methods and does not include any suspicious or malicious code segments. There is no evidence of malware or supply chain sabotage within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}