{
  "purpose": "Provides a MongoDB Atlas-backed document store supporting CRUD operations, vector search, and embedding updates for NLP applications.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for filters, IDs, documents; retriever embeddings; database queries and aggregation pipelines.",
  "sinks": "MongoDB database collections for insert, update, delete, and retrieval; vector search pipelines returning documents with similarity scores.",
  "flows": "Parameters are validated and converted; data flows from user inputs through validation into database operations; embeddings are fetched from retriever and stored; vector search pipeline processes query embeddings and retrieves similar documents.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code detected. Use of standard libraries and Atlas features. No suspicious network activity or dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, standard implementation of a MongoDB Atlas document store with support for vector search. It employs input validation, parameterized queries, and standard database operations. No signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The use of Atlas vector search features is consistent with intended functionality. The validation functions and exception handling mitigate injection risks. The code does not contain any suspicious dynamic code or network activity beyond legitimate database interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a secure, standard implementation of a MongoDB Atlas document store with vector search capabilities. No malicious or obfuscated code is present. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to potential misuse of filters or IDs, which is mitigated by validation. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the risk score of 0.2 accurately reflects the low, inherent operational risks. Overall, the code appears safe and appropriate for production use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}