{
  "purpose": "The code provides type annotations for AWS WAFv2 service definitions, facilitating static type checking for AWS WAFv2-related data structures in Python.",
  "sources": "The code reads input primarily from type annotations, variable initializations, and imported modules; no external or untrusted data sources are explicitly read.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform data output, network operations, or file writing. It solely defines type structures for internal static type checking.",
  "flows": "There are no data flow paths involving untrusted input to critical sinks; the code is purely type definition with no runtime data handling.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a copyright date set to 2025, which is in the future relative to current date (2024), indicating a possible inconsistency but not malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The use of type annotations and union types is standard. No suspicious code or logic is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists entirely of Python type annotations using TypedDict, Union, and other typing constructs, along with imports for type checking. It defines data structures for AWS WAFv2 services, with no runtime logic, network access, or file I/O. The inclusion of future imports and conditional imports based on Python version is standard. The code appears to be a generated or library code for static typing support, with no malicious intent. There are no suspicious behaviors such as code injection, data leakage, or malicious backdoors. The future-dated copyright is unusual but not harmful. Overall, the code is a benign, purely declarative type definition module.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a comprehensive set of type annotations for AWS WAFv2 service data structures, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is a standard static type definition module, with no runtime or external data handling, and no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}