{
  "purpose": "Define type annotations and data structures for AWS WAFv2 service SDK using Python TypedDicts and type unions.",
  "sources": "All type definitions and imports, especially from __future__, sys, typing, and internal module imports, along with the class definitions and variable assignments throughout the file.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include any areas where untrusted input could be incorporated, such as the use of Dict, List, Sequence, or Mapping types with user-controlled data, especially in request/response objects, or in code that might be used for deserialization.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external inputs into TypedDicts and Unions that describe request and response structures, e.g., request parameters or headers. No explicit external data sources or network calls are embedded in this code. The data flows mostly concern data modeling, not execution logic.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a comprehensive set of type definitions for a Python SDK, with no signs of hidden or unusual code. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious constructs are detected. No obfuscated code patterns are present; the code uses standard Python typing and straightforward class definitions. The presence of large union types and extensive type annotations could be a form of complexity but is typical for type stubs.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically defines TypedDicts and type aliases for various request and response objects related to AWS WAFv2 API operations. It imports standard modules and conditional typing imports for compatibility. The type definitions include potential user-controlled fields (e.g., resource ARNs, names, IDs), but these are only data schemas, not executable code. There are no function implementations, network calls, or logic that could be exploited for malicious purposes. The design appears to be a purely declarative set of type annotations. No indications of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage are present. The code is well-structured and adheres to standard Python typing practices.",
  "conclusion": "The source code consists solely of type annotations and data structure definitions intended for static type checking in a Python AWS SDK context. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or security risks. The code is a benign, well-structured type stub module with no executable or network-related operations. Its purpose is purely to support type checking and documentation.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}