{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and data structure definitions for AWS WAFv2 service SDK, used for validating and modeling request and response data.",
  "sources": "Imports from sys, datetime, typing, botocore.response, and local literals module; class and variable definitions, especially union and typed dictionaries, including potentially untrusted data inputs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include data models for API requests/responses, especially those involving resource identifiers, tokens, and configuration data. No explicit data sinks that perform system actions or network communications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (function parameters, imported data, or external API responses) into data models and types. No evidence of dynamic code execution or data manipulation flows leading to malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code mainly defines data structures with standard type annotations; no dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or malicious code signatures detected. Use of 'sys.version_info' for conditional imports is standard and not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of type definitions for the AWS WAFv2 SDK, relying on TypedDict and Union for modeling request and response schemas. It utilizes conditional imports based on Python version, which is typical for compatibility. No code constructs suggest malicious intent such as network operations, system modifications, or obfuscation. The purpose is purely to enforce type safety and data validation, with no executable or system-altering commands. The code does not perform any actions; it merely models data structures. There are no signs of supply chain attack vectors or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured set of type definitions for AWS WAFv2 SDK. It contains no malicious behavior or sabotage signs. It is safe, serving as a foundation for type checking and validation in a larger SDK context.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}