{
  "purpose": "Mathematical utility functions for spatial and numerical analysis, including coordinate comparison, sum of squared evaluations, array stacking, quadratic solution, and type enforcement decorators.",
  "sources": "Function parameters accepting objects, points, and arrays; no external data sources or user input.",
  "sinks": "No external data sinks; no network, file, or environment interactions observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through mathematical operations and utility functions; no external or untrusted data flows detected.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation of variable and function names; use of `np.hOlgbllkTDGYXAHdvlvYQCMNAQMOgTXl` which appears to be a typo or obfuscation of a NumPy function, leading to a logical error that would prevent code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises standard mathematical utility functions with heavily obfuscated identifiers, likely to conceal purpose. The functions perform comparisons, sum of squares, array stacking, quadratic solutions, and enforce return types. The use of `np.vectorize` on `math.isclose` is benign but unusual. A critical flaw exists in the function `WMAzksJHgkQekpNdvGktIrUMOWURrKKv`, where `np.hOlgbllkTDGYXAHdvlvYQCMNAQMOgTXl` is called, which is not a valid NumPy function, indicating a typo or deliberate obfuscation. This flaw would cause runtime errors, suggesting either obfuscation or code corruption. No network activity, file I/O, or external data handling is present. The obfuscation level is high, but no malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or sabotage is evident from the code snippet. The heavy obfuscation warrants caution but does not inherently imply malicious intent. The malware score is set to 0 due to the absence of malicious activity, while the obfuscation score is high (~0.7) reflecting the obscured identifiers. The security risk remains low (~0.2), as no external or system-level threats are apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a set of mathematical utility functions with heavily obfuscated variable and function names. Despite the obfuscation, no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malicious data flows is detected. The critical flaw involving an invalid function call suggests obfuscation or code corruption rather than malicious intent. The overall security risk is low, but the obfuscation level warrants cautious review before deployment, especially in security-sensitive contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}