{
  "purpose": "Provides functions to compute the energy distance between two datasets, including estimation methods and utility functions for handling pairwise distances and statistical parameters.",
  "sources": "Imports from __future__, warnings, enum, typing modules, and local modules 'distances' and '_utils'. No external input sources directly within this code snippet.",
  "sinks": "None identified. The code performs numerical computations and type conversions but does not send data over the network or write to files.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays 'x' and 'y' through pairwise distance calculations, estimation statistic selection, and into the energy distance calculation functions. No untrusted input flows directly into insecure operations.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious data handling observed. Usage of warnings for input validation is standard. No dynamic code execution or external data fetching evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an enumeration for statistical estimators, utility functions for matrix processing, and core functions to compute energy distance based on pairwise distances. It uses standard Python modules and local utilities for numerical operations. No signs of malicious behavior, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The functions perform legitimate statistical computations related to energy distance estimation, with proper input validation for the exponent parameter. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated segments, or suspicious data handling detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate implementation of energy distance computations with no evidence of malicious intent or malicious code segments. It employs standard practices for statistical calculation and utility functions. Security risks are minimal; the code primarily performs numerical and statistical operations without external side effects.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}