{
  "purpose": "Import statements for blockchain API response classes and interfaces, likely setting up dependencies for blockchain data handling.",
  "sources": "Static import statements from the 'ultra_chain_api' package; no runtime data input or external data sources.",
  "sinks": "None; no data processing, network communication, or untrusted data handling present.",
  "flows": "None; purely static imports with no data flow or execution logic.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of '# ruff: noqa: F401' comments suppressing unused import warnings; no malicious or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of import statements importing various classes related to blockchain responses and interfaces. The suppression comments are standard for modular or scaffolded codebases and do not indicate malicious intent. No functions, data processing, network activity, or dynamic code execution are present. The import statements are straightforward and typical for setting up a blockchain API client. The suppression of unused import warnings ('noqa: F401') could hide unused code but does not imply malicious behavior. The malware score is correctly set to 0, as there is no evidence of malicious activity. The security risk score is minimal (~0.1), primarily due to the suppression comments, which could potentially hide unused or malicious code, but currently pose no threat. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. Confidence in this assessment is high (1), given the static and benign nature of the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign set of import statements from a blockchain API library. There is no evidence of malware, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The suppression comments are standard and do not indicate malicious intent. The assigned scores are appropriate and consistent with the code's static, non-malicious nature.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}