{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a utility for formatting and generating text-based graphical representations or visualizations, possibly for command-line interfaces or logs, with customizable symbols, colors, and alignment.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from method parameters, especially iterable structures, and environment variables like sys.version for version-specific behavior.",
  "sinks": "Formatting functions output strings, which could be displayed or logged. No data is directly written to external files or network connections.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method inputs (possibly untrusted), through formatting and processing functions, to string output intended for display.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated variable names and complex nested functions, which can be suspicious. It also references sys.version and sys.hyTvIBKqGbShStREBfysTqaXZUFdrwir, which appears to be an environment variable or a runtime attribute. The use of sys.version comparison with strings may be unconventional. No hardcoded credentials or external network activity is visible. No suspicious backdoors, file access, or network code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class with numerous methods focused on string formatting, including functions that handle iterable data and produce formatted text output. It uses obfuscated variable names and complex control flows, but primarily operates on provided parameters. It performs version checks and environment-dependent behavior but does not include external communication, file manipulation, or malicious code injection. There is no evidence of backdoors, data exfiltration, or system harm. The obfuscation appears to be an attempt to hide code intent, but no malicious behavior such as network connections or privilege escalation is detected. The code's complexity and variable names could be suspicious, but they do not demonstrate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex text formatting utility with obfuscated naming and control flow. No malicious behavior, network activity, or security risks are evident. Its purpose seems benign, focused on visual text generation. The obfuscation is not indicative of malware but may hinder readability.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}