{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a complex string formatting and encoding utility, potentially for display or encoding purposes, involving custom symbol handling, data processing, and text layout management.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters, class attributes, and possibly external data passed into methods such as 'zEHdETqXBdTVRPKjkolqLKNhWJqnRhws' and 'QxEPCItMyFXbbCcEPBZTyyaGRLdcuXQw'. Data is read from parameters, class attributes, and external iterables passed into functions.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into string formatting functions, deep copy operations, and output string assembly. Critical sinks involve network operations, file writes, or external command executions which are not present here. However, potential sinks include string concatenation and formatting functions that could be exploited if malicious data is fed in.",
  "flows": "The code reads data from parameters and class attributes (sources), processes them through various transformation functions and complex string manipulations, and returns formatted strings (sinks). The data flow is primarily internal, with no external network or file operations shown.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses obfuscated variable names, such as 'XJDKQfnjcJAiHPYqZMxWkDtTtaGRqywT', 'fritgRivXhvfhuhUtVHvnTKpktRkPoVL', and methods with non-descriptive names, which complicate understanding intent. The code contains conditional logic based on the Python version, dynamic string manipulations, and deep copy operations, but no explicit malicious actions like network connections or file modifications are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a class with several methods performing complex string manipulations, formatting, and data processing. It employs obfuscation tactics like variable name scrambling and version-dependent code branches. It does not include any code that connects to external servers, writes to files, or executes system commands. It primarily focuses on encoding and formatting text, likely for display or obfuscation purposes. The presence of obscure variable names and complex logic suggests attempts to hide straightforward functionality, but no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful system modifications is found.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a sophisticated string encoding and formatting utility with obfuscated variable names. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, network activity, or system sabotage. Its complexity and obfuscation may serve to hinder understanding or reverse engineering but do not indicate malicious intent. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}