{
  "purpose": "This code implements an asynchronous Python client for interacting with the Fireworks AI API, managing accounts, models, deployments, and deployed models through REST endpoints.",
  "sources": "The code reads the API key via the external function get_api_key(). It also reads input parameters such as account IDs, model IDs, deployment IDs, and data payloads for API requests.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow from API responses, but the code only processes and returns JSON responses. No data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or malicious data leaks are evident.",
  "flows": "The flow involves retrieving the API key, constructing URLs and headers, making HTTP requests (GET, POST, DELETE), handling responses, and raising detailed errors on failure. Data flows from input parameters and get_api_key() to API requests, then back as JSON responses.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or suspicious behaviors are present. Error handling is standard, and no malicious payloads or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward, well-structured async API client for Fireworks AI. It uses get_api_key() externally, which is standard practice. No signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are observed. Error handling is appropriate, and data flows are typical for such clients. The security risk and malware scores are low, reflecting the absence of malicious intent. The reliance on an external get_api_key() function is noted but does not indicate malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, transparent API client with no malicious or suspicious elements. The scores assigned are consistent with the analysis, indicating no malware, no obfuscation, and minimal security risk. The primary concern is ensuring get_api_key() is implemented securely outside this code, but within this context, the code is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}