{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to interact with the Fireworks AI API, managing accounts, models, deployments, and deployed models through various asynchronous HTTP requests.",
  "sources": "get_api_key() function (imported from external module fireworks.flumina.config), environment variables or configuration files (potentially used within get_api_key()), and input parameters for functions such as account_id, model_id, deployment_id, filename_to_size, and deployed_model_id.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request calls (client.get, client.post, client.delete) which send data over the network; response handling that processes server responses.",
  "flows": "Inputs from function parameters and get_api_key() -> HTTP request headers/parameters -> API endpoints -> responses -> response processing and potential exception handling.",
  "anomalies": "Use of get_api_key() from an external module could potentially be a concern if that function retrieves sensitive credentials insecurely, but not evident here. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution. All API interactions follow standard patterns without obfuscation or suspicious behavior. No data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious network activity detected. The code's structure appears consistent with typical API client implementations.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a set of asynchronous functions to interact with a remote API, with proper error handling for HTTP status errors. The get_api_key() function is external and assumed to securely retrieve API keys. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious payloads are present. Data flows from input parameters through HTTP requests to server responses, with no evident signs of malicious data leakage or command injection. The code adheres to typical API client conventions and does not include obfuscated or suspicious logic. There are no indications of malware, such as network exfiltration, unauthorized system access, or cryptomining. The security posture appears standard for an API wrapper module.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard API client for Fireworks AI, with no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain sabotage, or security risks. It correctly handles exceptions and uses external configuration for sensitive data. Overall, it is safe and does not exhibit malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}