{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to compute sine, cosine, and tangent of angles in a custom unit system called DecUnits, using a precomputed lookup table for sine squared values.",
  "sources": "The code reads input angles from function parameters, specifically 'angle_du' in dec_units, and uses a precomputed table (_sin2_table) for lookup.",
  "sinks": "Mathematical functions that could potentially be misused in malicious contexts, such as dec_sin, dec_cos, and dec_tan, but they perform standard mathematical calculations without side effects.",
  "flows": "Input angle 'angle_du' is processed by _fold() to determine lookup index and sign; then, dec_sin uses the lookup table to compute sine, dec_cos computes cosine, and dec_tan computes tangent as ratio of sine and cosine.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external communications. The code performs straightforward mathematical operations and table lookups. No obfuscation, unnecessary dynamic code execution, or misleading variable names are present. The precomputed table is static, and functions operate purely on input parameters with no side effects.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a sine squared lookup table for one quadrant during import, then uses _fold() to map any angle in DecUnits into a quadrant and sign, effectively implementing a fast sine approximation. The functions dec_sin, dec_cos, and dec_tan provide basic trigonometric calculations based on this lookup table. No external data, network calls, or file operations are involved. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system manipulation. The mathematical operations are standard and safe. The only potential concern could be the mathematical exception handling in dec_tan near 90°, but this is a normal mathematical safeguard.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign implementation of trigonometric functions using a precomputed lookup table. There is no malicious behavior, no suspicious data flows, and no signs of sabotage or malware. It is a straightforward, efficient math utility module.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}