{
  "purpose": "The code implements an asynchronous API client for MangaDex, handling authentication, token refresh, rate limiting, and resource management such as mangas, chapters, tags, and users.",
  "sources": "Credentials and tokens are sourced from environment variables, configuration files, or provided directly during initialization. Input data is read from environment variables, config files, or function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Tokens and credentials are used in HTTP headers for authenticated requests. Data flows from environment/config sources to request headers and API endpoints. No untrusted data is directly written to system files or external systems.",
  "flows": "Source data (environment variables, config files, parameters) flow into token management and request preparation. Requests are sent via aiohttp session, with token refresh and rate limiting handled before request execution. Responses are processed, and errors are managed with retries and exception handling.",
  "anomalies": "Variable names are obfuscated or lengthy, and URL construction is dynamic. No hardcoded secrets or malicious payloads are present. The code uses environment variables and dynamic URL assembly, which are typical in API clients but can appear obfuscated.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard async API client with token management, rate limiting, and resource functions. Obfuscated variable names and dynamic URL construction are present but do not indicate malicious intent. No signs of backdoors, data exfiltration, or system sabotage are evident. The logic for token refresh, request retries, and error handling aligns with best practices. The obfuscation appears superficial, likely for code concealment or aesthetic purposes, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured open-source API client for MangaDex. No malicious behavior or payloads are detected. Obfuscation is superficial and not indicative of sabotage. The overall security risk is low, and the malware score remains at 0.0. The obfuscation score is modest (~0.2-0.3), reflecting superficial obfuscation. The risk score is approximately 0.2, consistent with a standard API client with typical security considerations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}