{
  "purpose": "This code defines a series of constant string variables representing various error codes and messages used for error handling within a larger system or SDK, likely related to cloud services and media processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input in the form of error code constants, which are predefined string variables used throughout the system to identify specific error conditions.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data could be the error code values returned to users or logs, but there is no data flow from external untrusted sources or outputs that could lead to security issues within this fragment.",
  "flows": "There are no explicit data flows or data processing paths in this code segment; it is purely defining constants.",
  "anomalies": "The code consists solely of static constant definitions. There are no functions, no dynamic code execution, and no logic that could be malicious. The presence of licensing comments and a comprehensive list of error codes appears standard. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "This code is a straightforward collection of constant string variables for error codes and messages. It does not perform any data processing, input handling, or external communication. Its purpose appears to be to standardize error reporting within a larger SDK or application. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or security vulnerabilities. The license and comments suggest official or open-source origins. Overall, this is a benign constants definition file with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard set of error code constants used for system error handling, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It contains no active logic or data flows that could be exploited. The structure and content are typical for SDK or API error code definitions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}