{
  "purpose": "The code appears to handle dependency installation, JSON encoding with special handling for bytes and numpy types, data sanitization and transformation functions, and context managers for HTTP request configuration and response handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (e.g., 'FLYWHEEL_SDK_BACKOFF_FACTOR'), external package imports (requests, urllib3, numpy), and function parameters such as req_file and dict inputs.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to logs, installs packages via subprocess, modifies HTTP session adapters and hooks, and manipulates data structures. No direct data leaks or untrusted data effects are evident.",
  "flows": "Input environment variables or function parameters -> configuration of HTTP clients or data transformation functions -> logging and package installation. No untrusted data flows to critical sinks like network or file writes in a malicious context.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual variable names and obfuscated functions (e.g., 'KhiqBDIYgbjvEQqBjOosxPrQZJfPBXlU') suggest obfuscation. Use of dynamic environment variable retrieval for backoff factor is normal but worth noting. The functions for data sanitization are extensive and complex, possibly to hide malicious intent, but appear benign overall.",
  "analysis": "The code performs dependency installation, custom JSON encoding, data sanitization, HTTP session setup with retry logic, and response hook modification. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network connections, or destructive file operations are present. The obfuscated function names and complex data processing could be a tactic to hide malicious behavior, but there is no direct evidence of malicious actions such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or system damage. The context managers handle HTTP request retries and response ignoring 404s, which is standard for resilient network calls. The data transformation functions are defensive, sanitizing floats and nested structures without suspicious side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code demonstrates typical application setup procedures with some obfuscation in function naming. There is no clear evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. The complex data handling and obfuscation could be for concealment, but based on the analysis, the package appears benign.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}