{
  "purpose": "The code implements a mathematical library for computing sine, cosine, and tangent functions using cubic spline interpolation from CSV data tables, with support for full-circle (0-400 DT°) calculations based on symmetry.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSV files 'sin_spline.csv', 'cos_spline.csv', and 'tan_spline.csv' from a data directory relative to the script's location, specifically in the '_load_table' function.",
  "sinks": "No sinks exist that process untrusted input for destructive or malicious actions. The functions perform mathematical computations and file reading only.",
  "flows": "Input data (angle in DT°) is processed through normalization, spline table lookup (_load_table and _eval functions), and symmetry transformations to produce sine, cosine, or tangent values.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious dynamic execution are present. The code appears straightforward, with standard library usage. No hidden or misleading code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code loads spline data from CSV files for sine, cosine, and tangent calculations. It uses 'bisect_right' for index selection and performs cubic spline evaluation in '_eval'. Functions like 'sin_full_dt', 'cos_full_dt', and 'tan_full_dt' implement symmetry transformations for full-circle computations in 0-400 DT° range. Error handling for undefined tangent values at poles is present. The code employs standard Python libraries and techniques, with no suspicious or malicious logic. All file accesses are to a local 'data' directory, and no network or external data flows are involved.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate mathematical implementation utilizing spline data for trigonometric calculations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. It appears to be a well-structured, purpose-specific utility with no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}