{
  "purpose": "The code implements cubic spline-based approximations of sine, cosine, and tangent functions over a specified range, with full-circle support using symmetry and periodicity, primarily for mathematical computations involving angles in degrees converted to 'DT°'.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSV files ('sin_spline.csv', 'cos_spline.csv', 'tan_spline.csv') from a 'data' directory relative to the script's location to load spline tables for computations.",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical evaluations and raises exceptions for undefined tangent values at poles; it does not write to external systems, network, or storage, nor does it execute untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Input angles in degrees are converted to 'DT°', then to spline table inputs via '_load_table'. Values are retrieved via '_eval' using spline data, then used to compute sine, cosine, tangent with functions like 'sin_dt', 'cos_dt', 'tan_dt'. Full-circle functions handle symmetry and periodicity, with exception handling for tangent poles.",
  "anomalies": "The code loads external CSV files which could be manipulated to include malicious data; however, the code itself does not process external input during runtime beyond initial file loading. No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated or dynamic code execution detected. Exception handling is used for tangent poles, which is expected. No backdoors or suspicious behaviors identified.",
  "analysis": "The code loads spline data from CSV files stored locally, which could theoretically be tampered with if an attacker alters the CSV files. The spline evaluation uses standard cubic spline approximation via Horner form, with no dynamic or malicious code execution present. The functions implement trigonometric calculations with quadrant symmetry, correctly handling periodicity. Exception handling for undefined tangent values at poles indicates proper mathematical handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The code appears to be a mathematical utility for angle-based computations, with no network, cryptography, or privilege escalation features.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard mathematical approximation implementation for trigonometric functions using cubic splines, with no evident malicious intent. Potential security concern is the reliance on external CSV files, which if compromised, could lead to incorrect calculations, but no malicious behavior is inherent in the code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}