{
  "purpose": "This code implements spline-based calculations for sine, cosine, and tangent functions over a full 0-400 DT° range, using cubic spline interpolation loaded from CSV data files. It provides functions for evaluating these trigonometric functions at arbitrary angles, with quadrant symmetry handling for full-circle support.",
  "sources": "CSV files ('sin_spline.csv', 'cos_spline.csv', 'tan_spline.csv') loaded from a local 'data' directory, read during module import.",
  "sinks": "No external sinks or network activity; data is read from local files only. No untrusted input is processed at runtime.",
  "flows": "Spline data is loaded into memory at import; evaluation functions perform cubic spline interpolation on input 'dt' values, applying quadrant symmetry for full-circle calculations.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious code behaviors. Duplicate functions for full-circle calculations could be optimized but do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code loads spline data from local CSV files, then uses cubic spline interpolation to evaluate sine, cosine, and tangent functions. It handles full-circle computations via symmetry, with proper error handling at tangent poles. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or network activity is present. The reliance on external CSV files could be a data integrity concern if those files are maliciously altered, but the code itself remains benign. The implementation is straightforward and mathematically sound.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured mathematical utility for spline-based trig calculations. No malicious activity, obfuscation, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The main security consideration is the trustworthiness of the CSV data files, but this does not indicate malicious code. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is low (~0.1), reflecting the external data dependency but no inherent threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}