{
  "purpose": "Generate a sine wave superimposed on a ramp function for evaluating color maps, primarily for visual assessment of perceptual contrast in images.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for size, amplitude, wavelength, and attenuation power; it uses numpy functions for sine calculations, array creation, and meshgrid for grid generation.",
  "sinks": "The code normalizes image data for display; it does not include any data leaks, network communication, or system modifications. No unsafe or untrusted data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to generate sine wave and ramp data, which are combined and normalized to produce an image. The flow is straightforward: parameter input → data computation → normalization → output image.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, obfuscated code, or suspicious constructs are present. The code uses standard numpy functions for mathematical operations and data normalization. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code takes parameters for size, amplitude, wavelength, and attenuation power. It calculates the number of sine wave cycles to ensure integer cycles across the image width. It creates a sine wave array, applies a vertical attenuation, and generates a ramp. These are combined into an image array, which is then normalized row-wise to span 0-255. All operations are standard image processing routines without any suspicious or malicious activities. There are no network calls, file operations, or other side effects. The purpose is for visualization and evaluation, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign image generation function designed for visual testing of color maps. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks. Its sole purpose is to generate a test pattern for visual evaluation, with no signs of malware or security issues.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}