{
  "purpose": "The code defines a sandboxed Python code executor that writes user code to a file and constructs a command to run it with a specified interpreter inside a sandbox environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads the user-provided code string to write to 'main.py' and reads configuration parameters such as 'interpreter_path' and 'args'.",
  "sinks": "The constructed command list 'inner_cmd' is used to execute the user code within the sandbox, potentially leading to execution of untrusted code.",
  "flows": "The code writes user code to disk, then constructs a command to execute it with the specified interpreter, passing any additional arguments; this command is then run inside the sandbox environment.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies; the code performs standard file I/O and command construction without obfuscation or suspicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation for preparing and executing user code in a sandbox. It writes the code to 'main.py', sets the sandbox's Python interpreter path, and constructs a command list to run the code. There are no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The sandbox configuration is adjusted only to specify the interpreter path, which is standard. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets, network calls, or backdoors. The security risk stems from executing untrusted code, which is inherent in sandboxed environments but not due to flaws in this code. The malware score is correctly set to 0, as no malicious activity is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The security risk score of 0.2 is justified, reflecting the inherent risk of executing arbitrary code, but no active threats are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, safe implementation for sandboxed Python code execution. No malicious or suspicious activity is evident. The scores assigned in the reports are accurate and consistent with the code's behavior. The overall security posture is low risk, primarily due to the nature of executing untrusted code, which is outside the scope of this implementation.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}