{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of data mappers for converting various data types received from a database (likely Trino) into Python native types, including handling complex types like arrays, maps, timestamps, and intervals. It also includes a factory for creating appropriate mappers based on schema info.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from database query results and schema definitions, especially within methods like create() and _create_value_mapper(), which process column metadata to instantiate mappers. It also reads data within map() functions of individual mappers.",
  "sinks": "The code itself does not contain any direct sinks or untrusted data outputs. The main flow involves transforming data from untrusted sources (database) into Python objects, but it does not perform any data leak or external communication.",
  "flows": "Data flows from database result rows through specific mappers based on column types, transforming into Python types via the map() methods. The create() method maps schema definitions to mappers, which then process data rows.",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The code uses standard libraries and typical data conversion practices. The only minor concern could be the lack of explicit validation for certain input formats, but this is standard for such mapping code.",
  "analysis": "The code thoroughly covers various data types and their conversion, with clear structure and standard practices. It employs type hints, handles potential overflow errors, and raises appropriate exceptions for conversion failures. No malicious patterns like network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The use of base64 decoding in BinaryValueMapper is standard for handling binary data. No obfuscation or unusual language features are detected. The schema-driven approach to creating mappers appears standard and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of data mappers for database result processing, with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It performs expected data conversions securely and without suspicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}