{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of classes and functions to map and convert various data types from a source (likely database or API) into Python native types, mainly for data processing and type-safe conversions.",
  "sources": "Input data from external sources (e.g., database responses, API data) via map functions in various ValueMapper classes.",
  "sinks": "Conversion methods within the map functions, particularly data parsing (e.g., fromisoformat, base64 decoding) and data structure creation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external sources into ValueMapper.map() methods, which process and convert data into Python types, potentially passing through multiple mapper classes depending on data structure.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The use of base64 decoding in BinaryValueMapper is standard for binary data, not malicious. The code uses standard libraries and well-structured type conversion methods. No dynamic code execution or network activity is present. Exception handling is used for errors, but it does not introduce malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines various type mappers for converting raw input data into Python data types, handling edge cases like infinity, NaN, and timezone-aware datetimes. The implementation appears straightforward, using standard libraries (e.g., base64, uuid, dateutil, zoneinfo) and common patterns. No code injection, data leakage, or suspicious behaviors are present. The use of exception handling is appropriate and does not facilitate malicious activity. The code does not perform network operations, system modifications, or hidden actions. Overall, it is a standard data mapping layer with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical data mapping utility with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs data type conversions securely and transparently. No malicious activity or security risks are detected. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}