{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of data mappers for converting various database types and formats into Python native types, used within a larger data processing framework, likely related to Trino/Presto.",
  "sources": "Data read from external sources such as database query results, API responses, or serialized data strings (e.g., base64, ISO format date/time strings, JSON, etc.).",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include the use of base64 decoding, date/time parsing, and dynamic type mapping, which could be misused if untrusted data is maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external sources through various mapper classes (e.g., BinaryValueMapper, DateValueMapper, TimeValueMapper) to Python native types; especially sensitive are decoding functions and date/time parsing which could be exploited if data is malicious.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. Usage of base64 decoding is standard but should be validated as safe. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The code appears structured and straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically defines multiple ValueMapper classes to convert external data formats into Python types, including handling of special values like 'Infinity' and 'NaN'. It relies on standard library functions (e.g., base64, datetime, decimal) and third-party libraries (dateutil, zoneinfo). The presence of parsing functions, such as base64 decoding and ISO date parsing, could pose risks if data is maliciously crafted. However, these functions are typical in data transformation contexts and do not inherently contain malicious behavior. The code includes thorough error handling with custom exceptions. No signs of malicious code such as network activity, credential theft, or backdoors are detected. All functions appear to serve legitimate data transformation purposes. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of data mappers for database type conversions, with no apparent malicious intent. It operates in a standard data processing manner, with proper error handling. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are detected. The primary security consideration is ensuring input data is sanitized or validated if used in sensitive contexts, but the code itself does not introduce security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}