{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Python API client for interacting with Fortify SSC, managing projects, versions, artifacts, and related resources via REST API calls.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters, environment variables (not explicitly shown), and data fetched via API calls. Sensitive data such as credentials are passed during initialization and used for authentication.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are HTTP request methods where untrusted data (e.g., URLs, JSON payloads, files) are sent over the network, particularly in the _request() method, and file uploads/downloads. File paths are also used directly in file operations.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows include user-provided parameters into URLs and JSON payloads, which are then transmitted via HTTP requests. File uploads/read operations flow from file paths into HTTP POST requests.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. Usage of environment variables or external input is minimal and controlled through function arguments. The code properly disables SSL warnings if verify_ssl is False, which is not unusual. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. The get_file_token() method constructs tokens for upload/download purposes, which appears standard. File operations use open() without explicit sanitization but are typical for uploading files.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a REST API client with methods for managing projects, versions, artifacts, and security entities. It uses the requests library for network communication, with proper exception handling and response parsing. No suspicious or malicious behavior, such as code injection, data exfiltration, backdoors, or cryptomining, is evident. There are no hardcoded secrets, and input data is mostly passed as parameters, reducing risk. The code handles sensitive operations like file uploads/downloads securely in terms of API usage, but actual security depends on server-side controls. There are no signs of obfuscation or malicious code. The use of standard Python features and libraries indicates a legitimate client implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a standard, well-structured API client for Fortify SSC, with no evidence of malicious intent or behavior. It handles API interactions responsibly, with appropriate error handling and input usage. There are no apparent security risks or malicious features present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}