{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client library for interacting with the OneSignal API, enabling operations such as sending notifications, managing devices, segments, apps, and outcomes.",
  "sources": "Data inputs occur through method parameters, such as notification_body, query, body, device_id, app_id, outcome_names, external_user_id, and other identifiers or request payloads. The code also reads from imported constants and modules.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially reach network requests via the request functions (async_basic_auth_request, basic_auth_request), which send HTTP requests to external servers. There are no direct data leaks or system modifications observable within this code, but the functions could send sensitive information if such data is provided in parameters.",
  "flows": "Input data from method parameters (e.g., notification_body, query, body, device_id, app_id, outcome_names) flows into the request-building functions which generate request parameters and payloads, ultimately sent via network requests through the request functions. There is no evidence of code injection or dynamic code execution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code is straightforward API request wrapper functions, and constants are imported rather than embedded. No obfuscated or misleading language features are used. The code uses explicit method calls and clear data flow.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for synchronous and asynchronous API interactions with OneSignal, encapsulating various API endpoints. It constructs request parameters and payloads based on method arguments, adhering to expected API formats. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as hidden network connections, data exfiltration, or code injection. The use of external request functions (async_basic_auth_request and basic_auth_request) implies external handling of network security, but within this code, there is no indication of malicious intent. All data inputs are passed directly to request functions, which could potentially send sensitive data if improperly used, but this is expected behavior for an API client. The code structure is clean, with no obfuscated or malicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard API client implementation for OneSignal with no evident malicious intent or security risks within its own logic. It performs typical request parameter construction and API interaction. The overall security risk score is low, with no signs of malware or supply chain sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}