{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client interface for interacting with the OneSignal API, including methods for notifications, devices, segments, outcomes, and app management.",
  "sources": "Input data includes method parameters such as notification bodies, device IDs, query parameters, and request bodies. These are passed into various functions and incorporated into request payloads or URL paths.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include HTTP requests sent via the functions 'async_basic_auth_request' and 'basic_auth_request', which transmit data over the network. Sensitive information such as 'rest_api_key', 'user_auth_key', and 'app_id' are used for authentication and are included in headers or URL parameters.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function inputs (e.g., notification bodies, device IDs, query parameters) into request construction functions (_kwargs_*), which generate request parameters. These are then sent over the network via the request functions, potentially exposing data externally.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard API client code with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs. It uses parameters and dynamic URL/path formatting. No obfuscated code, malicious URL domains, or suspicious logic are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured API client implementation for the OneSignal service, with synchronous and asynchronous classes. It constructs request payloads and URL paths dynamically based on input parameters. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden backdoors. Sensitive data like API keys are expected to be supplied externally, and the code correctly passes these to request functions. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, like code injection, obfuscated logic, or hidden network calls, are observed. It appears to be a legitimate SDK or API wrapper.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, legitimate API client for the OneSignal service with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles data securely via parameters and does not contain any suspicious or malicious behavior. Overall, it appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}