{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client interface for interacting with the OneSignal API, enabling actions such as sending notifications, managing devices, segments, and applications, both synchronously and asynchronously.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters for notification details, device IDs, query parameters, and request bodies; environment variables or external inputs are not directly used in the code.",
  "sinks": "Sinks involve HTTP request functions (`async_basic_auth_request`, `basic_auth_request`) that send data to external OneSignal servers, including notification payloads, device info, and app configurations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters into request-building methods, which assemble HTTP request details. These are then passed to the request functions that transmit data over the network to external servers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or sensitive information are present. The code constructs request payloads and URLs dynamically but securely from parameters and constants. There are no signs of code obfuscation, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. The code strictly adheres to API interaction patterns. No suspicious or malicious code, such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system modification commands, is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines client classes (`BaseClient`, `AsyncClient`, `Client`) for interfacing with the OneSignal API. It constructs request parameters and URLs using constants and method inputs, then sends these requests via imported network functions. All data handling appears legitimate for API operations, with no evidence of malicious payloads, data leakage, or hidden backdoors. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code structures are found. The request functions are external and assumed to be legitimate HTTP request handlers. Overall, this code acts as a secure API wrapper, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard API client for OneSignal, performing legitimate operations related to notifications, device management, and app configuration. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It functions as a well-structured API wrapper without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}