{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and functions for constructing, configuring, and managing table function calls within Snowflake's Snowpark Python SDK, including expression building, partitioning, ordering, aliasing, and join-related column management. It primarily handles internal expression creation and validation for query planning.",
  "sources": "User-supplied function names, positional arguments, named arguments, and internal attributes such as _ast and _api_call_source.",
  "sinks": "Internal protobuf expression objects used for query planning; no external system, network, or file I/O occurs.",
  "flows": "User inputs (function names, arguments, aliases) are validated and converted into protobuf expressions; these expressions are used internally for query execution planning without external effects.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious code detected. Validation and quoting mitigate injection risks. No external or network activity present.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs expression objects for table functions, with validation to prevent duplicate aliases and ensure proper argument types. It uses internal utilities to translate user inputs into protobuf expressions, with safeguards like quoting names and validating object names. No signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior are present. The potential injection risk from user inputs is mitigated by quoting and validation functions. The code is a standard SDK component for query expression building, with no external system calls or data exfiltration.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured part of Snowflake's SDK for building query expressions. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or obfuscation. The primary security consideration is potential injection via user inputs, but this is mitigated by quoting and validation. Overall, the code poses minimal security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}