{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for constructing and manipulating table function calls in Snowflake's Snowpark Python API, including handling partitioning, aliasing, and join-related column management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments, column names, and internal plan outputs. It also reads internal state variables such as _ast and _api_call_source.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of build_expr_from_snowpark_column_or_col_name and build_expr_from_python_val, which could process untrusted input if misused, but no direct data leaks or external communication are observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-provided function names, column arguments, and alias inputs through various builder functions to generate proto expressions and internal plan representations. There are no external network calls or file writes present.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to follow standard API and internal structure conventions without any suspicious or obfuscated code. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are found. No dynamic code execution or external calls are present. All data handling is internal and straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically constructs table function calls, partitions, and aliasing, relying on internal Snowflake modules and standard Python constructs. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. The functions mainly handle user input validation, expression building, and internal state management, with no indication of malicious intent. The inclusion of detailed docstrings and exception handling suggests proper API design. No suspicious patterns, obfuscated code, or malware signatures are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate part of the Snowflake Snowpark Python API, focused on building and managing table function calls with appropriate validation and expression handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks in this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}