{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for handling type errors, calling functions with automatic error fixing, and dynamic object/module lookup based on string specifications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters, exception objects, and string specifications for dynamic import.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous dynamic import and attribute access in 'lookup_object' which could load unintended modules or access unintended attributes.",
  "flows": "Input from string 'spec' flows into 'lookup_object', which dynamically imports modules and accesses attributes. Exception information flows from errors in 'fix_type_error' and 'fix_call'.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic import and attribute access can be misused if untrusted input is provided, leading to unintended module loads or attribute access. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for error handling and dynamic object lookup. The 'lookup_object' function performs dynamic imports based on user-provided string specifications, which can be exploited if input is malicious, potentially leading to arbitrary module loading. The error handling functions modify exception messages to provide clearer debugging information but do not execute or evaluate code beyond standard error annotation. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious payloads, or malware indicators. The dynamic import mechanism could pose security risks if user input is not sanitized, as it may load unintended modules or access sensitive attributes.",
  "conclusion": "The code itself is a utility module with no inherent malicious intent. However, the dynamic import functionality could be exploited if used with untrusted input, posing a security risk. No malware signatures or obfuscated code are present. The overall security risk depends on how 'lookup_object' is used; if user input is sanitized, the risk is minimal. Otherwise, it could be a vector for malicious module loading.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 1
}