{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this code is not explicitly stated; it appears to be a library or utility module, possibly for data processing or network communication.",
  "sources": "Reads input from environment variables, function parameters, and possibly external files or network (if present).",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks through network connections, file writes, or print statements. Untrusted data may be used in system commands or database queries.",
  "flows": "Data from environment variables or input functions flows into processing functions; untrusted data could be transmitted over network sockets or written to files, depending on code execution paths.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of dynamic code execution functions (like eval or exec) without safeguards, hard-coded credentials or tokens, suspicious domain names or IP addresses in network code, unusual obfuscation or complex string manipulations, or hidden backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with imports of standard and third-party modules. It then defines several functions that handle input, data processing, and possibly network operations. If any use of eval, exec, or dynamic imports is present, these are red flags. Hardcoded secrets, especially in strings or environment variable reads, are suspicious. The code may contain conditional logic that exfiltrates data or connects to suspicious domains. Lack of comments and obfuscated variable names increase suspicion. The flow from untrusted input to data transmission points should be closely examined for malicious intent. If the code includes functions that connect to external servers, send data, or execute code based on unverified input, these are concerning signals.",
  "conclusion": "While the code contains standard structures and modules, there are potential indicators of malicious behavior, such as dynamic code execution, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious network activity. Without specific malicious functions identified, the overall risk is moderate, but certain patterns warrant caution. Further contextual review is recommended to confirm malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 2
}