{
  "purpose": "A library providing expect-like interaction capabilities over a Paramiko SSH channel for automating command interactions with network devices and Unix systems.",
  "sources": "Input sources include SSH channel.recv(), sys.stdin.read(), and socket.recv().",
  "sinks": "Sinks include channel.send(), sys.stdout.write(), and output_callback(), which outputs data to stdout or logs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from SSH channel.recv() or sys.stdin.read() (sources) to sys.stdout.write(), output_callback(), or channel.send() (sinks); expect() waits for regex matches on received data; tail() processes line-by-line output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secret keys are present. The code dynamically handles terminal input/output, and performs standard expect-like operations without unusual or misleading code patterns. No obfuscated code or suspicious logic detected. No network connections or external data exfiltration routines are included.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard SSH interaction utility built on Paramiko. It manages SSH channels, reads and writes data, matches regex patterns, and provides terminal control functions. All input sources are from the SSH channel or stdin, and output is directed to stdout or a callback function. No code appears to perform malicious actions such as data exfiltration, command injection, or backdoor access. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets, and the functions serve legitimate automation purposes. The use of threading, terminal control, and regex matching are consistent with expect-like libraries, with no indications of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SSH interaction utility with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It implements expect-like functionalities for automating SSH sessions. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The overall security risk is minimal, assuming the code is from a trusted source.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}