{
  "purpose": "The code provides an expect-like interface for interacting with SSH sessions via Paramiko, enabling automated command execution and interaction with remote shells.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the SSH channel via recv() calls and sys.stdin in terminal control functions.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs data to sys.stdout and optionally calls user-defined output callbacks. It also sends data to the SSH channel via send() methods. No untrusted data is directly sent over network connections outside the SSH channel.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the SSH channel's recv() calls to output callbacks or stdout, and from stdin to the SSH channel's send() method. Expect() waits for regex matches on accumulated output. Tail() reads byte-by-byte from the channel and optionally processes via callback.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes standard SSH interaction routines; no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution present. No external network connections beyond SSH are established. No code injection, data leakage, or credential theft mechanisms detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a straightforward implementation of an SSH interaction library, utilizing Paramiko to invoke a shell and provide expect-like functionality. It handles decoding, ANSI stripping, and output display. The functions manage SSH channels, perform regex-based wait mechanisms, and facilitate interactive control. The code does not contain any hidden or malicious routines, nor does it perform network operations outside SSH sessions. It manages inputs and outputs securely within its defined scope. There are no signs of sabotage, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured SSH interaction library with no malicious intent. It is designed for automation and interactive sessions with remote hosts. There are no indicators of malicious behavior or security risks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}