{
  "purpose": "The code computes data bins for dataset targets to facilitate histogram visualization and statistical analysis in AutoML workflows.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include 'n_valid' (validation data size), 'y' (target values), and 'y_full' (full dataset targets). These are used in functions like 'make_dataset_bins' and 'get_dataset_bins'.",
  "sinks": "Data outputs include dictionaries with bin counts, starts, and ends, used for further analysis or visualization. No untrusted data is written or transmitted externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into bin calculation functions. Target values 'y' and 'y_full' are processed through percentile and binning calculations, with results stored in dictionaries for use in visualization.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, backdoors, or hardcoded secrets are present. The code performs standard data binning; exception handling is present to ensure robustness. No obfuscation, external network activity, or credential handling is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs dataset binning by calculating percentiles, handling skewed data, and rounding bin edges for UI presentation. Functions like 'make_dataset_bins' and '_fix_skewed_outliers' utilize numpy and math operations in a standard manner. The code includes input validation via 'Contract.assert_true' to prevent invalid data processing. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication, or backdoors. Exception handling ensures stability. All operations are consistent with data preprocessing tasks in machine learning pipelines.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate data binning utility for AutoML, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It performs standard statistical and data processing functions with proper validation and error handling. Overall, it is safe and well-structured.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}