{
  "purpose": "This module provides string manipulation functions for formatting and processing docstrings and lines of text, likely for a code formatter or documentation tool.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters such as 'lines', 'line', 'summary', and 'contents'. No external untrusted input sources like user input, network, or files are directly used in this code.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data to untrusted sinks or perform actions with side effects that could leak data or cause harm. It mainly processes strings and returns results.",
  "flows": "The data flows are primarily from input parameters through processing functions that analyze or modify strings. There are no source-to-sink flows that could lead to security issues or malicious activity.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The functions are straightforward utility functions with no obfuscated code or unusual logic. The code adheres to typical string processing patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple utility functions for text processing, including indentation detection, sentence beginning detection, line normalization, summary normalization, and splitting text into sentences or sections. The logic is standard, with no external or untrusted data sources, and no actions that could be exploited for malicious purposes. The use of assertions and regex matching is typical and safe in this context. No network activity, file access, or system commands are present, and no dynamic code execution or obfuscated patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of string processing utilities for documentation formatting with no malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain any malware, backdoors, or suspicious activities. The code appears safe and intended for formatting or analysis tasks within a larger, benign application.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 1
}