{
  "purpose": "Large-file sorting utility that divides input into chunks, sorts each chunk, and merges them externally.",
  "sources": "Reads input file in binary mode, processes lines in chunks, uses user-defined key expressions, and regex splitting patterns.",
  "sinks": "Writes sorted chunks to temporary files, then merges into output file; no external network or data exfiltration observed.",
  "flows": "Input file -> chunked reading -> optional set conversion -> sorting with user-defined key -> writing temp files -> merging temp files -> output file.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval() to generate key functions from user input; dynamic regex compilation; complex variable names; temporary files cleaned up properly.",
  "analysis": "The code performs external sorting of large files with chunking, sorting, and merging. It accepts user input for key extraction via eval(), which is inherently unsafe if inputs are untrusted. No malicious payloads, network activity, or backdoors are present. Variable names are obfuscated but not malicious. The primary security concern is the eval() usage, which could lead to code injection if inputs are malicious. The code's obfuscation level is moderate, primarily through variable naming and eval(). The malware score is correctly set to 0, as no malicious activity is detected. The security risk score should be high (~0.75) due to eval() vulnerability. The obfuscation score is moderate (~0.8).",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate large-file sorting utility but contains a critical security vulnerability due to unsafe eval() usage. It does not exhibit malware or malicious payloads. The main risk stems from potential code injection if user inputs are malicious. The malware score remains at 0, but the security risk score should be high (~0.75). Obfuscation is moderate. To mitigate risks, eval() should be replaced with safer alternatives, and inputs should be validated.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}