{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of functions to access and retrieve data from the Trading Economics API related to trade statistics, including country info, categories, historical data, and trade flows, by constructing URLs with user inputs and appending an API key.",
  "sources": "User inputs such as country names, symbols, categories, and page numbers; external variables like glob.apikey; and external functions like fn.dataRequest.",
  "sinks": "The constructed URLs with embedded parameters and API key are passed to fn.dataRequest, which likely performs HTTP requests to fetch data.",
  "flows": "Inputs (country names, symbols, categories) are URL-encoded with quote() and concatenated into API request URLs, which are then used by fn.dataRequest to retrieve data.",
  "anomalies": "The code globally overrides SSL verification with ssl._create_default_https_context = ssl._create_unverified_https_context, disabling SSL certificate verification, which is insecure. No obfuscation or hidden code is present. API key is stored externally in glob.apikey.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs API request URLs based on user inputs, encoding parameters to mitigate injection risks. It relies on external variables and functions, with no malicious payloads or obfuscation. The main security concern is the disabling of SSL verification, which exposes the connection to man-in-the-middle attacks. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration are evident. The code is straightforward and functions as a data retrieval wrapper. Input validation beyond URL encoding is minimal, but the risk of injection is low due to encoding. The API key is stored externally, which is standard but should be managed securely.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical API client module with no malicious intent or obfuscation. The primary security issue is the insecure SSL context override, which should be addressed to prevent potential man-in-the-middle attacks. No signs of supply chain sabotage or malware are present. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk is moderate (~0.3), mainly due to SSL handling. Improving SSL verification practices and validating inputs further would enhance security.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}