{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom Airflow operators for orchestrating data quality checks via external API interactions, with heavily obfuscated class and method names.",
  "sources": "External API responses obtained through methods like get_table_information, get_check_intervals, get_run_result, and xcom_pull; input parameters and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or effects could occur if untrusted data is processed without validation, but none are explicitly present; primarily external API calls and data retrieval.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external API responses and operator parameters through validation methods, with results checked and possibly raising exceptions; no evidence of malicious data exfiltration or code injection.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation in class and method names, suspicious external hook import path (`nfCDWeJeCMHnRMorRRgOXtswdJwGThor`), and reliance on external dependencies with obscure naming patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code heavily obfuscates class and method names, which raises suspicion but does not inherently indicate malicious intent. External API interactions are standard for data validation workflows. No embedded malicious payloads, network connections to malicious domains, or code injection techniques are detected. The external hook's name and the obfuscation could be attempts to conceal malicious activity, but within this fragment, no evidence supports this. The external dependency path (`airflow.providers.anomalo`) appears legitimate but is also obfuscated, warranting caution. The malware score is set at 0.2, reflecting moderate suspicion due to obfuscation and external dependencies, but no confirmed malicious activity. The security risk score is 0.4, considering external dependencies and obfuscation. The obfuscation score is high (around 0.75), justified by the heavily obfuscated class/method names and variable naming patterns. Confidence in these assessments is high (around 0.8), given the code's structure and lack of malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "While the code does not currently exhibit explicit malicious activity, the heavy obfuscation and suspicious external hook names raise concerns. The scores have been adjusted to reflect moderate risk and obfuscation, emphasizing the need for further environment-specific review of external dependencies and runtime behavior. No definitive malware is detected, but caution is advised due to obfuscation tactics.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.4,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}