{
  "purpose": "The code defines a permission system for a GraphQL schema extension, allowing custom permissions to be checked during schema resolution, with mechanisms for handling unauthorized access and applying schema directives.",
  "sources": "The code reads class attributes, method parameters, and imported modules. It does not read external user input or untrusted sources directly.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive operations include raising exceptions (on_unauthorized), which could be misused if permission logic is flawed. No direct data leaks or malicious commands are present.",
  "flows": "Permission checks flow from 'resolve' and 'resolve_async' methods, where permissions' 'has_permission' methods are evaluated; unauthorized permissions lead to error raising or silent returns.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or malicious behavior detected. Use of 'await_maybe' supports async compatibility; no suspicious network or file operations.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a permission framework with abstract base classes and concrete implementations. It relies on standard Python patterns, such as property decorators, class inheritance, and async handling. All imported modules are relevant to GraphQL and schema extensions. The logic for permission checking, error handling, and schema directive attachment appears typical and secure. No obfuscated code or suspicious data flows are detected. The use of 'await_maybe' suggests asynchronous compatibility but does not introduce malicious behavior. The 'on_unauthorized' method raises exceptions with customizable error classes, which is a standard practice and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a permission system for a GraphQL schema, with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It appears to be well-structured, utilizing proper design patterns. No malicious or harmful code elements are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}