{
  "purpose": "The code implements a web server application with various routes, websocket handlers, middleware, and authentication for testing purposes, using the Robyn framework.",
  "sources": "Reads request data from headers, query parameters, path parameters, request body, JSON payloads, and environment variables; reads file paths for serving files and templates.",
  "sinks": "Sends responses including JSON, files, or raw bytes; broadcasts websocket messages; sets cookies and headers; raises exceptions; executes file serving functions.",
  "flows": "Request data sources flow into route handlers, middleware, and authentication logic, and then into response construction or websocket message handling; untrusted input can influence responses or socket messages.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are directly observed. The code contains standard use of framework features. No evident backdoors or hidden behaviors. Potential concern: dynamic execution of request JSON parsing with exception handling, but it is standard. No suspicious file paths or external domain calls are present. The code uses standard libraries only.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a comprehensive web server with WebSocket support, middleware, routing, exception handling, and authentication. No malicious code or sabotage behaviors are detected; all inputs are handled within framework conventions, and no untrusted data is used maliciously to perform harmful actions. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network behaviors are present. File serving paths and template rendering are local and safe. The code primarily focuses on testing and demonstration features. Overall, the structure and logic do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The source code appears to be a standard, well-structured web application used for testing framework features and route handling. No malicious behavior or sabotage is evident. The code adheres to expected patterns, with no signs of malware, data leakage, or security risks beyond standard practices. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}