{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a web server with multiple routes, websocket endpoints, middleware, and dependency injection, primarily for testing and demonstration purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads include request headers, query parameters, path parameters, request body, environment variables (indirectly via os.path and potentially in the templates), and websocket messages.",
  "sinks": "Response outputs (including JSON, files, HTML), websocket message sends, broadcast messages, cookies, headers, and potential request body processing.",
  "flows": "Input sources such as request headers, query params, and websocket messages flow into route handlers, middleware, and websocket callbacks which may send responses, broadcast messages, or set cookies. Data flows from request input to response output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected; environment variables are accessed only via os.path for file paths. No evident obfuscated code or misuse of dynamic code execution. The websocket handlers perform broadcast and send operations but do not seem malicious. The authentication handler is simplistic and does not process sensitive data maliciously. No suspicious external connections or data exfiltration code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive setup for a web server with numerous routes and websocket endpoints. It employs middleware, dependency injection, and error handling, all in a test/demo context. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. Usage of external libraries appears appropriate, with no dangerous or suspicious calls. Websocket functions use broadcast and send functions but do not access or transmit sensitive or private data in a malicious way. The route handlers mostly return static data or process request data straightforwardly. The authentication handler is minimal, only checking a token string. Overall, the code appears designed for testing or demonstration, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a broad test server implementation with no indications of malicious or sabotage behavior. It does not contain malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. It is a benign test/demo server setup.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}