{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a web application with multiple routes, websocket handlers, middleware, error handling, and authentication using the Robyn framework. It appears to be a comprehensive test or sample application demonstrating various features of the framework.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include request headers, request body, URL path parameters, query parameters, websocket messages, and environment variables (via os.path).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include response headers, response bodies, websocket message responses, and cookie setting functions. Notably, the code also reads environment variables and executes or manipulates request data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (headers, body, path params, query params, websocket messages) through route handlers and middleware, potentially reaching sinks such as response headers/bodies or websocket sends. WebSocket handlers process messages that could include untrusted data, but responses are mostly controlled.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials (except for the token comparison in auth, which is not secret), no suspicious network activity, no backdoors, and no obfuscated code. Some functions like 'raise Exception()' are for testing error handling but do not contain malicious code. The injection of global and router dependencies appears to be standard dependency injection. Usage of os.path and request data does not involve unsafe code. There are no indications of data leaks or privacy violations. Middleware and route handlers seem to perform standard operations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large, structured web application implementing numerous routes, middleware, websocket handlers, error handling, and authentication. It uses standard framework features, and no malicious behavior is evident. The websocket message handlers broadcast or send data derived from untrusted websocket messages, but they do not leak data or send malicious payloads. The authentication implementation compares tokens directly without secrets, but this is benign in context. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious network activity. The code does not include obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious system manipulations. It appears to be a testing or demonstration app with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive sample application demonstrating various features of the Robyn framework. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are detected. The code primarily handles request/response cycles, websocket communication, and dependency injection without performing any harmful actions. Overall, it is considered safe with no security threats identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}