{
  "purpose": "The code manages configuration files, environment variables, and generates/stores an installation ID for asciinema, with obfuscated variable and class names and a suspicious import statement. It handles deprecated tokens and sensitive data but does not perform network activity or system manipulation.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables, configuration files, and ID files; processes environment and config data.",
  "sinks": "File read/write operations, environment variable access, and exception raising; no network or data exfiltration observed.",
  "flows": "Sources include environment variables and config files; flows lead to ID generation, configuration updates, and exception handling without external communication.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated import statement (`from os import urGxRojcjqbEQTjUeSSYVUiCEECGezFM`), highly obfuscated variable and class names, complex key decoding logic, and dynamic byte interpretation. These suggest an attempt to conceal purpose or malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages configuration and IDs with obfuscation techniques. The suspicious import and obfuscated naming are typical of concealment tactics. No network activity, data theft, or system sabotage is evident. The low malware score (around 0.2) aligns with the absence of active malicious payloads. The high obfuscation score (around 0.75) is justified by the code's style. The moderate security risk score (around 0.3) reflects potential concern due to obfuscation and handling of sensitive data, but no active threats are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a configuration utility with obfuscation techniques. No evidence of malware or malicious activity is detected. The obfuscation warrants caution but does not confirm malicious intent. Slightly increasing malware suspicion to about 0.4 is advisable given the obfuscation and suspicious import, but overall, the risk remains low.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.4,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}