{
  "purpose": "The code provides various visualization functions for plotting data, including 2D and 3D plots, animations, and geometric shapes. It appears designed for scientific or engineering data visualization.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function arguments such as 'signals', 'pos_start', 'direction', and data attributes like 'sPOzsWksAAQVXXgqPYFYFyVtRQdNdPdJ'. It also accesses attributes like 'WfXxnscVefeqHZVHsSNFgJPHVdYukCcc' and 'UWhqnkaCbnrTBqkxgoJUBWYahFbdhSQM' from objects, as well as configuration parameters from imported modules.",
  "sinks": "None of the code explicitly writes or transmits untrusted data outside the function scope. Plotting functions generate figures but do not send data over networks or store sensitive information. No data leaks or command injections are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed through calculations and then visualized via matplotlib plotting and patching functions. No external system commands or network calls are observed. Data flows from input parameters to plotting functions, with geometric transformations applied.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are detected. The code relies on standard visualization libraries and constructs geometric shapes for plotting. The functions use complex geometric calculations but nothing suggests malicious intent. Variable names are obscure but consistent with scientific code.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple functions dedicated to visualizing data: 2D plots, 3D surface plots, animated plots, and geometric shape renderings (circles, cylinders, polygons). They process input data, perform geometric transformations, and generate visual representations without external side effects or system modifications. The use of external libraries appears standard, and no network operations, file operations, or command executions are present. Obfuscation appears limited to variable naming; no evidence of code obfuscation or malicious dynamic execution. The code's complexity is typical for visualization tasks but contains no signals of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of visualization functions with complex geometric computations. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The code is likely intended for scientific visualization purposes. No security risks or malware indications are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}