{
  "purpose": "Define custom exceptions for OAuth 1 error handling, including error messages and URL parameter formatting.",
  "sources": "Import of add_params_to_uri and urlencode functions; usage of request object in __init__ method.",
  "sinks": "add_params_to_uri and urlencode functions (potentially vulnerable if input is malicious), use of request object in message composition.",
  "flows": "Error properties generate error data, which can be added as URL parameters or URL-encoded strings.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets or backdoors. Use of request object in exception message could leak request info if request contains sensitive data, but it depends on the request's content. No obfuscation or unusual code structures observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several custom exception classes inheriting from OAuth1Error, which itself extends Exception. The OAuth1Error constructor formats error messages, optionally appending request representations. The in_uri method appends error info to URLs via add_params_to_uri, and the urlencoded property provides URL-encoded error parameters. The import of add_params_to_uri and urlencode suggests reliance on external libraries for URL handling. The usage of the request object in error messages could be a minor concern if request contains sensitive info, but this is context-dependent and not inherently malicious. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors such as network communication or data exfiltration. The code's structure and functions are straightforward and consistent with standard error handling patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of OAuth 1 error classes, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. The use of request object in error messages is a minor point but not malicious per se. Overall, it is a benign and typical error handling module for OAuth 1.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}