{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and functions for exporting and visualizing decision trees, including support for matplotlib, Graphviz, and custom node annotations.",
  "sources": "Imports from numpy, re, io, sklearn.utils.validation, matplotlib, graphviz, and sklearn.tree modules; also includes package import checks and fallback imports.",
  "sinks": "File handling in export_graphviz and render methods; potential use of input parameters for file names or streams; no direct network or system calls.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., out_file, feature_names, treatment_names) are used in methods that generate visualization outputs, mainly written to files or strings; no untrusted data flows to external systems or network.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard visualization and export tasks with conditional import handling; no suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or hidden backdoors detected. The regex usage for text replacement in node_to_str is noted but is a legitimate pattern for string processing. No code injection or obfuscation present. The fallback imports and exception handling are typical for optional dependencies.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of classes for exporting decision trees, with support for different formats and customization. It handles optional dependencies gracefully and uses standard methods for file I/O and plotting. No code appears to perform malicious actions such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system compromise. The regex manipulations are benign, and the overall structure is consistent with typical visualization libraries. There are no anomalies indicating malicious behavior or sabotage. The focus is solely on visualization, with no hidden or suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard visualization utility for decision trees, with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It relies on common libraries and handles optional dependencies properly. There are no suspicious behaviors, backdoors, or malicious data flows detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}