{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for exporting and visualizing decision trees and related models, supporting multiple formats and customizations.",
  "sources": "Imports standard libraries (abc, numpy, re, io.StringIO), and conditionally imports third-party modules (matplotlib, graphviz). Reads input data from tree models, node dictionaries, and optional parameters.",
  "sinks": "Exports exported as strings or files; writes to file objects or filenames; manipulates strings with regex; interacts with external libraries for rendering visualizations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from model attributes and node dictionaries into exporter methods; strings or file objects are used for output; visualizations are generated via matplotlib or graphviz export functions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code detected. Use of regex for node text replacement is noted but not inherently malicious. Conditional import handling of optional modules appears standard. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages visualization and export of decision trees, with support for multiple formats and customization. It conditionally imports visualization libraries, providing fallback mechanisms if modules are missing. No external network communication, system modification, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. Usage of regex for node text replacement is for formatting purposes only. No malicious patterns such as code injection, hidden backdoors, or data leaks are observed. The code structure and logic are consistent with standard visualization utilities, and there is no suspicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility module for decision tree visualization and export. It does not contain malicious or sabotage-related behaviors. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}