{
  "purpose": "Provides color conversion functions between various color spaces and formats, supporting color manipulation and representation.",
  "sources": "Input data may come from user input (e.g., HTML color strings), external files (via imported modules), or color data passed to functions.",
  "sinks": "Conversion outputs to RGB, YUV, XYZ, and other color formats; HTML strings; byte representations; and matrix computations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources such as HTML strings or RGB values through conversion functions, with transformations to other color spaces and formats. No external untrusted data sources or network communications are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. Usage of standard mathematical operations, namedtuples, and well-documented color space conversions are present. No obfuscated code, network calls, or system modifications detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of standard, well-documented color space conversion routines, using mathematical formulas derived from color science references. Functions like clamp, conversions between sRGB and linear RGB, RGB to YIQ/YUV/XYZ/Luv/Lab, and related computations are implemented. No dynamic code execution, external system calls, or network activities are present. All data transformations follow conventional formulas. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage, and the code appears to be legitimate color utility functions. The use of external libraries (colorsys, collections, fractions) is standard and safe. The code's structure and comments are consistent with a color processing library.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard color conversion utility module with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected. It performs expected mathematical transformations for color space conversions. No indicators of malware or security risks are present.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}