{
  "purpose": "The code provides color space conversion functions and utilities for color manipulation and transformation between various color models.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as r, g, b, x, y, z, l, u, v, and other color component variables, which are passed to conversion functions. The code also reads color names from NAMED_COLORS and may accept HTML color strings.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include output returns such as RGB, YIQ, XYZ, and other color objects. Some functions convert color data to HTML strings, RGB888 bytes, or packed integer formats. There are no network communications, file writes, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through mathematical transformations and conversions, often involving clamping functions to restrict value ranges. No untrusted data flows into system commands or network operations; data is processed internally within the module.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The functions perform standard color space calculations and utilize safe mathematical operations. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic execution, or misleading variable names are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises standard color conversion functions, such as rgb_to_yiq, xyz_to_rgb, and others, which use mathematical formulas based on color science references. Utility functions like clamp_float and clamp_bytes ensure value ranges. The module imports only standard libraries and local modules, with no indication of malicious intent or suspicious data handling. No network or system manipulation code is present. The functions process color data strictly for conversions and representations. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate color utility library without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of color space conversions and utilities. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, data exfiltration, or harmful operations. It functions solely to convert and represent color data based on well-known formulas and standards.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}