{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive HTTP client SDK with support for both synchronous and asynchronous requests, pagination, platform detection, and request configuration utilities.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-supplied request options, URL strings, and potentially untrusted external input in headers, query parameters, and request bodies.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow into HTTP request headers, URL parameters, JSON bodies, and file uploads. Data is sent over the network via the httpx client, and responses are parsed or streamed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (headers, params, body) into request construction, then over the network to the server. Response data flows from the server back into the SDK's response parsing functions, potentially being transformed into models.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The code includes platform detection, retry logic, and flexible request configuration, which are standard. No obfuscated code or misleading variable names observed. No dynamic code execution or hidden backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on HTTP request handling, pagination, platform detection, and request configuration. It uses safe libraries like httpx and pydantic, with no indications of malicious payloads. Sensitive data such as credentials are not hardcoded. The functions related to platform and architecture detection are standard utilities with no security issues. Retry and error handling logic are standard network resilience mechanisms, not malicious. No code injection, data leakage, or suspicious network activity is detectable. The code is well-structured, and all network interactions are explicit, with no suspicious side effects or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a well-structured, standard HTTP client SDK intended for API interactions. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It is designed for safe network communication and request handling without any suspicious or malicious features.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}