{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to format SQL queries within files or strings, primarily for improving readability and consistency. It includes validation steps and CLI support for batch processing.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from SQL files specified by the user, including potential wildcard patterns. No external data sources or untrusted inputs are explicitly read within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "Formatted SQL output is written back to the same files after processing. No data is sent over networks or stored externally.",
  "flows": "Input SQL content -> Validation and formatting functions -> Reformatted SQL -> File overwrite",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior was observed. The code performs standard validation, formatting, and file I/O operations. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated elements. No dynamic code execution or network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard modules and a local 'sql_formatter'. It defines functions for formatting SQL commands and files, including validation checks for syntax correctness (semicolon usage, balanced parentheses, case statements). The formatting functions process input strings or files, validate, and reformat SQL queries accordingly, with error handling and warnings for issues like unbalanced parentheses or missing semicolons. The CLI wrapper allows batch processing with options for recursive directory traversal and line length limits. Throughout, there are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication, or backdoor access. All operations are confined to local file and string processing with standard practices.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate utility for SQL formatting and validation, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It safely reads and writes files, performs validation, and formats SQL content, all within expected parameters. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}