{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to format SQL commands within files or strings, validate SQL syntax, and handle batch processing of SQL files for formatting purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads SQL code from string inputs and from files specified via command line or function arguments.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the overwriting of SQL files with formatted content. It does not directly process untrusted inputs beyond reading file content. No network or system commands are executed based on input data.",
  "flows": "Input SQL strings or files are read as sources, validated for syntax issues, formatted if valid, and then written back to the same files. No untrusted data is used in a dangerous context or sent elsewhere.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code performs straightforward formatting and validation. The only noteworthy point is the use of 'exit' upon validation failure, which halts execution but does not indicate malicious intent. No obfuscation, hidden code, or dynamic execution is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code reads SQL commands from files or strings, validates syntax such as semicolon placement, balanced parentheses, and 'case' statements. It formats SQL code for readability, overwriting original files if formatting is successful. Validation functions return detailed error dictionaries when issues are found. The functions for file processing include command-line interface features for batch processing. No network connections, data exfiltration, or execution of untrusted code is detected. The code operates solely on local files and strings, and there are no indications of malicious activity or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate SQL formatter and validator with no signs of malicious intent. It performs safe file I/O and text processing, with no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}