{
  "purpose": "Manage predefined filters with validation, storage, and serialization functions.",
  "sources": "Input parameters during filter creation and addition, especially 'handler' functions and filter specifications.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks; stored handler functions could be invoked externally, but this code does not execute them.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from filter specifications into PredefinedFilter instances, stored in global list, and retrieved via functions.",
  "anomalies": "Use of assertions for validation, which can be disabled, potentially bypassing validation checks. Handlers are stored but not invoked here.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a filter management system with validation on initialization, primarily ensuring handler is callable and has the expected signature. Functions manage a global list PREDEFINED_FILTERS, allowing setting, adding, retrieving, and initializing filters. Validation relies on assertions and basic type checks. No external code execution, network activity, or data exfiltration is evident. Handlers are stored but not invoked within this code, so potential malicious behavior depends on external usage. The code is straightforward, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. The main concern is that assertions can be disabled, potentially bypassing validation, but this does not introduce malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears benign, with low security risk, primarily due to the use of assertions and the external invocation potential of stored handlers.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign filter management utility with standard validation. No malicious or obfuscated code is present. The scores assigned in the reports are consistent with the analysis, with malware score 0, obfuscated score 0, and a low security risk score (~0.2) due to reliance on assertions and external handler execution potential.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}