{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for managing and executing machine learning experiments using Sacred, including dataset loading, experiment creation, scoring, and result aggregation.",
  "sources": "Inputs from dataset functions, estimator functions, and experiment parameters; data read from datasets and configuration attributes; experiment info and results stored in Sacred experiment info dictionaries.",
  "sinks": "Storing experiment information, model objects, and scores within Sacred experiment info; potentially saving fitted estimators; no direct untrusted data output or external communication points identified.",
  "flows": "Data flows from dataset functions to data loading, then to estimator fitting and prediction, with results stored in experiment info. No external data flows or untrusted outputs observed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code behaviors, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors. No use of eval, exec, or obfuscated code. No unusual dynamic code execution or misleading variable names. Use of standard libraries and frameworks with benign purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured for defining, managing, and running machine learning experiments with Sacred, leveraging standard Python and ML libraries. It uses conventional data handling, cross-validation, and scoring workflows. No suspicious or malicious patterns such as network calls, data exfiltration, or code injection are present. The code does not contain hidden or obfuscated logic. It appears to be a legitimate framework for experiment automation and score collection, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive and standard implementation for ML experiment management using Sacred. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The code’s purpose is transparent, and it adheres to typical patterns of experiment orchestration.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}