{
  "purpose": "The code handles push notification management, including sending notifications and fetching notification data from a server.",
  "sources": "Input data includes function parameters such as data, push_time, expiration_time, expiration_interval, where, cql, flow_control, and prod. These are passed from external callers to the send() function. The 'client' module reads/writes to server endpoints.",
  "sinks": "Data sent via client.post() and client.get(), and the '_encode_time()' function formats times for network transmission. The 'send()' function constructs parameters for HTTP requests, which are sent over the network.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are processed, formatted, and sent via HTTP POST to the '/push' endpoint. The fetch() method retrieves notification data via HTTP GET. Data flows from external sources into function parameters, then into network requests.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, secrets, or backdoors are evident. The code does not perform any obfuscated behavior, nor does it execute dynamic code or access sensitive system data. The only notable logic is conditional handling of notification parameters.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages push notifications: constructing request parameters, encoding times, and performing network requests. The use of 'client' for network communication is standard. The '_encode_time()' function safely formats times in UTC. The 'send()' function prevents conflicting expiration settings. There are no indications of malicious code or data leaks. The code adheres to expected patterns for an SDK or API client. No suspicious or malicious behaviors, such as data exfiltration, system modification, or backdoors, are present. The flow of data is straightforward and intended for legitimate push notification functionality.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard SDK component for sending push notifications. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. It processes input data securely and performs network operations as intended. No security risks or malicious intent are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}