{
  "purpose": "The code defines a setup script for a Python package named 'cryptograohy', including a custom install command that executes a post-installation action involving the 'pyprettifier' library.",
  "sources": "Reads installation requirements, package metadata, and imports 'pyprettifier' during post-install.",
  "sinks": "Potentially loads 'pyprettifier' dynamically during post-install, but no data output or network activity is explicitly shown.",
  "flows": "The installation process fetches dependencies, then imports 'pyprettifier' and initializes 'EmojiConverter', which could be a point where malicious code could execute if 'pyprettifier' were malicious.",
  "anomalies": "The package name 'cryptograohy' appears misspelled, which could be an attempt to evade detection. The code loads 'pyprettifier' only during post-install, which is not inherently malicious but unusual if 'pyprettifier' is malicious or suspicious. The use of try-except around dependency fetching is standard, but no specific checks or validation of 'pyprettifier' are performed.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard setup.py with a custom install command. It installs dependencies and runs a post-install step that imports 'pyprettifier' and creates an 'EmojiConverter' instance. The import of 'pyprettifier' occurs only after dependencies are installed, which is typical for post-install scripts. There are no signs of data exfiltration, network activity, or code that interacts with system resources maliciously. The misspelling of the package name is suspicious but not definitive evidence of malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to perform intended setup tasks with no clear malicious or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a setup script with a post-install step that imports and uses 'pyprettifier'. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The only anomaly is the misspelling of the package name, which could be an attempt to deceive. Overall, the code appears benign but should be reviewed in context of the package's source and distribution.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}