{
  "purpose": "Define a custom installation command for a Python package 'cryptograohy' that performs additional actions during installation.",
  "sources": "The code imports 'setuptools' modules and the 'pyprettifier' library within a custom install command.",
  "sinks": "The 'import pyprettifier' occurs during post-installation, which could be a point of concern if the module is maliciously designed. No other external data sources or network activities are evident.",
  "flows": "The installation process fetches build eggs, executes a post-install method that imports 'pyprettifier', then proceeds with standard installation routines.",
  "anomalies": "The import of 'pyprettifier' occurs only during the post-install step, which is somewhat unusual but not inherently malicious. The code lacks explicit malicious behaviors like network communications, data exfiltration, or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom install command that extends the standard 'install' class. During run, it attempts to fetch build dependencies, then calls a private method '_post_install_action'. Inside this method, it imports 'pyprettifier' and creates an 'EmojiConverter' instance, but performs no further actions or data manipulation. The package metadata is straightforward, with a misspelled package name 'cryptograohy' but no suspicious code. The import within post-install could potentially hide malicious activity if 'pyprettifier' were malicious, but in the context of open-source packages, this is common. No signs of obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a typical custom installation process with a deferred import of a dependency. No malicious intent, malicious behavior, or security risks are detectable from this snippet. The import timing is somewhat unusual but not inherently harmful. Overall, the package appears benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}