{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to perform noise reduction on audio signals using spectral gating techniques, with options for stationary, non-stationary, or torch-based methods.",
  "sources": "Input parameters: y (audio signal), sr (sample rate), y_noise (noise signal). Environment variables are not directly accessed. External dependencies are imported at the beginning.",
  "sinks": "Returns the processed audio traces via sg.get_traces(), which is a data output; no data is sent over the network or written to files in the code snippet. No untrusted data handling beyond input parameters.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into object instantiation of SpectralGateStationary, SpectralGateNonStationary, or StreamedTorchGate based on options; then sg.get_traces() outputs the processed data.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies observed. The code does not include obfuscated features or suspicious constructs. Conditional imports and usage depend on environment setup, which is normal. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports specific noise reduction classes from 'noisereduce' modules and conditionally imports torch-based classes. It defines a function 'reduce_noise' with numerous parameters for flexible noise reduction. Inside the function, it performs checks for torch availability and the 'use_torch' flag. It then initializes appropriate noise gate objects (stationary, non-stationary, or torch-based) based on parameters, and finally returns the result of 'sg.get_traces()'. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection. The structure follows standard design patterns for audio processing. Dependencies are properly imported, and no malicious code pathways are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate audio noise reduction utility that conditionally uses different spectral gating methods based on user parameters. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It appears to be a well-structured, standard implementation with no security concerns identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}