{
  "purpose": "The code manages console output stream wrapping, particularly on Windows, to enable ANSI escape sequence support and provides utility functions for initialization, deinitialization, and testing reset.",
  "sources": "sys.stdout, sys.stderr, atexit.register/unregister, AnsiToWin32 objects, global variables (orig_stdout, orig_stderr, wrapped_stdout, wrapped_stderr, atexit_done, fixed_windows_console)",
  "sinks": "sys.stdout, sys.stderr (after being potentially wrapped by AnsiToWin32), global variables assigned within functions",
  "flows": "Initialization functions wrap sys.stdout and sys.stderr with AnsiToWin32 objects based on platform and state; reset_all and deinit restore original streams; fixed_windows_console modifies streams based on platform detection",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code includes a function (_wipe_internal_state_for_tests) that resets internal state variables, which might be used for testing purposes but does not contain malicious logic. The use of global variables is standard in such utility modules. No obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or system damage code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions to wrap and unwrap standard output/error streams with ANSI support, mainly for Windows platforms. It registers cleanup functions with atexit, resets internal state for testing, and modifies console behavior on Windows. The code only interacts with standard libraries and known third-party classes (AnsiToWin32). No suspicious data handling, network activity, or malicious modifications are evident. The global variables are used to manage internal state, which is typical for such utilities. The code appears to be a benign utility module intended for console output enhancement.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard utility for managing console output streams and enabling ANSI escape code support on Windows. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are detected. It appears to be legitimate and safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}