{
  "purpose": "This code manages console output streams, specifically wrapping sys.stdout and sys.stderr with ANSI-to-Windows conversion for proper console color support on Windows platforms. It provides initialization, reset, and context management functions to handle colored output consistently across different environments.",
  "sources": "Reads from sys.stdout and sys.stderr, and checks sys.platform for platform-specific behavior.",
  "sinks": "Potentially modifies sys.stdout and sys.stderr, redirecting output streams to custom wrappers (AnsiToWin32).",
  "flows": "Source: sys.stdout / sys.stderr -> wrap_stream() -> AnsiToWin32 wrapper -> modified sys.stdout / sys.stderr; also init() and deinit() functions that modify global sys.stdout/stderr references.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes internal state reset functions for testing purposes (_wipe_internal_state_for_tests) which reset global variables, but no malicious or suspicious code is present. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or data exfiltration methods are observed. Use of standard modules and typical patterns for console handling.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily focused on managing console output streams and ensuring ANSI support on Windows. It registers cleanup functions with atexit, modifies global stdout/stderr references, and provides context management for temporary console configuration. The code uses global variables to manage internal state. No external network communication, data leakage, or malicious behavior is evident. The only potential concern is the dynamic modification of sys.stdout and sys.stderr, but this is standard for console handling libraries. No suspicious code flows, no obfuscation, and no hardcoded secrets are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard console output management library with functions to wrap, reset, and configure console streams for color support, especially on Windows. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks within this module. It functions as intended for terminal output handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}