{
  "purpose": "A CLI tool for generating a secret code, establishing TCP connections between trusted devices, and transferring files via commands (list, download, upload, exit).",
  "sources": "User input for commands, secret code from file, socket data received from network, file contents read during upload/download.",
  "sinks": "Socket send/recv functions for communication, file read/write operations, console output for user interaction.",
  "flows": "User inputs command -> command sent over socket -> server processes command -> file data read/encoded or decoded -> response sent back over socket -> user receives output.",
  "anomalies": "Use of `random.randint()` for secret code generation (predictable), plaintext data transfer over network, secret stored in plain file with permissions 600.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a straightforward trusted connection and file transfer system with minimal complexity. It does not contain hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The primary security issues are the use of non-cryptographic randomness for secret code generation and unencrypted communication, which could be exploited in a hostile environment. No malicious commands, code injection, or malicious payloads are present. The communication protocol is plaintext, and the secret code is stored in a file with restricted permissions, but the predictability of the code makes it vulnerable. The code's structure is clear, and no suspicious behaviors are evident. The malware score is correctly set to 0, and obfuscation is absent. The security risk score is moderate (~0.2-0.4), reflecting the security weaknesses but no active malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign file transfer utility with security weaknesses due to predictable secret code generation and unencrypted data transfer. It does not exhibit malicious activity or obfuscation. The assigned malware score of 0 and obfuscated score of 0 are appropriate. The security risk score could be slightly increased to around 0.6 considering the security flaws, but overall, it remains low. The code's primary concern is security, not malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}