{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class Combinaison that extends a Projet class, used for generating and managing load combinations for structural analysis, especially in the context of civil or structural engineering, with emphasis on load combination schemes and psychological factors.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from CSV files (coeff_psy.csv), loads data generated via Model_generator, and data from method get_all_loads() within the model generator object.",
  "sinks": "None apparent; no data is sent over the network, written to external files, or used in system commands. The code mainly processes data internally and outputs dataframes or numpy arrays.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources such as CSV files and load dictionaries into internal data structures. These are used to generate load combinations and stored in dataframes. No external network or system calls are observed.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'try-except' blocks with broad exception handling (catch-all) which may suppress errors. The code contains commented-out import statements, which might indicate incomplete or experimental features. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible. The code appears extensive but uses standard data processing and class inheritance techniques without obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured class for generating load combinations with multiple methods for creating and analyzing load data. It relies on external CSV data and a model generator object for input data. No external calls or network interactions are present. Use of broad exception handling could hide errors, but no malicious activity or sabotage behavior is evident. The logic appears legitimate for engineering calculations, with no signs of hidden code or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate application for structural load combination calculations, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. The broad exception handling warrants caution but is common in data processing scripts. No suspicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}