{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class 'Combinaison' for generating load combinations in structural engineering, particularly for civil engineering applications involving various load scenarios and their combinations. It relies on external CSV data and a model generator object to produce and manage these combinations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from CSV files via '_data_from_csv' method, and interacts with an external 'model_generator' object to retrieve load data and add load combinations to a finite element model.",
  "sinks": "There are no external system interactions, network calls, or data leaks. Data flows are confined within the application, primarily manipulating pandas DataFrames and numpy arrays.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external CSV files and the 'model_generator' into internal data structures, where load combinations are generated and stored. These are then used to update the model via 'generate_model' and '_add_load_combos_to_model' methods.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses broad try-except blocks, which can suppress errors and obscure issues but are common in data processing scripts. No signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious behavior are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation for managing load combinations in structural engineering. It reads load data, generates various combinations based on load actions and conditions, and stores these in DataFrames. No external communication, network activity, or system commands are present. Exception handling is broad but not malicious. The code structure is complex but consistent with engineering calculation modules. No signs of sabotage, malware, or obfuscation are detected. The purpose is technical and domain-specific, with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, domain-specific module for load combination management in civil engineering. It does not contain malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscation. The broad exception handling warrants cautious coding practices but does not imply malicious intent. Overall, the code is safe, with a very low malware and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}