{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for data processing, memoization, string cleaning, and formatting in financial or data analysis context.",
  "sources": "Imports (pickle, re, typing, decorator, numpy, pandas, packaging.version), function parameters, and class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential use of pickle.dumps (could be exploited if used on untrusted data), use of eval-like formatting functions, and dynamic attribute access in pandas.",
  "flows": "Data is read from function inputs, processed, and sometimes serialized via pickle. Some data is formatted as strings or scaled. No direct network or system access observed.",
  "anomalies": "Use of pickle.dumps on args and kwargs without validation; no obvious malicious intent but pickle can execute arbitrary code if deserialized maliciously. Use of 'decorator' library for wrapping functions is standard but warrants caution if function sources are untrusted. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors identified. Functions like get_freq_name return static mappings; no external calls or network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for memoization, string parsing/cleaning, data formatting, and scaling. The memoization relies on pickle serialization, which could be risky if data is manipulated maliciously, but it is standard in controlled environments. No network calls, file operations, or system modifications are present. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution observed. The use of pickle.dumps on arbitrary arguments could potentially be exploited if malicious data is passed for serialization, but within normal usage, this is a standard approach. No evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious payloads. Overall, the code appears to be safe and standard utility code with a minor consideration around pickle serialization.",
  "conclusion": "The code consists of utility functions with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. The use of pickle.dumps warrants caution if handling untrusted data, but it does not constitute malicious activity. No malware signatures or malicious payloads identified. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}