{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for memoization, data parsing, data cleaning, formatting, and data scaling, primarily aimed at financial data processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments, string inputs, and pandas DataFrame/Series objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include pickle.dumps (for serialization), regex operations, and pandas formatting functions. No direct data leaks or external communications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources like function arguments and pandas objects through processing functions such as cleaning, parsing, scaling, and formatting.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic are observed. The use of pickle for serialization is standard for memoization but could be risky if misused outside controlled environments.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard utility functions for caching, parsing, cleaning, and formatting data. The memoization uses pickle serialization which, if exposed to untrusted data, could be risky but is common in such contexts. There are no network operations, external calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms. Regular expressions are used for string cleaning, and pandas formatting is used for display purposes. The functions operate on trusted input, and no malicious or harmful behaviors are detected. The only potential concern is the use of pickle, which can be unsafe if inputs are manipulated maliciously, but within this context, it is contained to internal cache management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of utility functions with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It primarily handles data cleaning, formatting, and caching. The use of pickle for caching is standard but should be used cautiously outside controlled environments. Overall, the code appears safe with no malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}