{
  "purpose": "The script converts images from various formats to specified target formats, supporting batch processing of directories or single files.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from image files specified by paths, including potentially user-supplied paths, and from environment when importing libraries.",
  "sinks": "Image files are written to specified output directories, and original files may be deleted after conversion. Library imports are used for processing images.",
  "flows": "User-supplied paths (via command line or function calls) are validated, then images are read using OpenCV or Pillow (including HEIF images via pillow_heif). Processed images are saved in output format, potentially replacing originals, and original files may be deleted.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic import of 'pillow_heif' only when needed; no hardcoded credentials or suspicious code snippets. It processes image data but does not send data over network or access environment variables maliciously.",
  "analysis": "The code performs image format conversion with support for multiple formats, including HEIC/HEIF via pillow_heif. It handles input validation, error handling, and optional batch processing. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful code is present. The use of library imports appears legitimate, and the file deletion logic is consistent with the purpose of replacing original files after conversion. There are no obfuscated code patterns or hidden behaviors. The code relies on standard libraries and properly validates input paths and formats. No suspicious code paths, credential usage, or network activity are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward image format converter with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It handles image processing securely and cleanly, with appropriate error handling. There are no indications of malware, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}