{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to analyze Python project dependencies by extracting import statements, mapping module-to-file relationships, building dependency graphs, and visualizing these dependencies in both static and interactive formats.",
  "sources": "The code reads Python source files from a specified directory using 'open()' and 'ast.parse()'. It also reads directory contents via 'os.walk()' to find Python files. User input or external parameters influence behavior through function arguments such as 'directory' and 'entry_point'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include file reading operations ('open'), which could be misused if provided malicious file paths or inputs, though in this context they process static files. No network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code mainly visualizes data without external communication.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file reading ('extract_imports') into building dependency graphs, which are then visualized either statically or interactively. The module-to-file mapping flows into graph construction, and user-supplied parameters influence visualization and analysis flow.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors such as data theft, network communication, or system modification. The code appears to be a dependency analysis tool with comprehensive visualization capabilities. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The script systematically parses Python files to extract import statements, maps modules to files, and constructs dependency graphs. Visualization functions generate static and interactive graphs, with options to analyze required versus unused files. The code relies solely on local file processing and graph visualization libraries without external network interactions or system modifications. No indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware are detected. Its structure is typical for a dependency analysis tool, with no hidden or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a dependency analysis utility for Python projects, focused on static analysis and visualization. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It appears safe and legitimate, with no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}