{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to load browser cookies from various browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc.) into Python cookiejar objects for further use, such as automation or scraping.",
  "sources": "The code reads cookie data from cookie files located in user directories, system registry (Windows), and session files (Firefox). It also reads sessionstore files for Firefox, and binary cookie files for Safari.",
  "sinks": "The data is loaded into in-memory cookiejar objects. No direct sinks like network transmission or file writing of sensitive data are evident.",
  "flows": "Cookies and session data flow from system or browser files to in-memory cookiejar objects via parsing functions. No data flows directly to external systems or network calls.",
  "anomalies": "The code loads cookies and session data without apparent validation, but no hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code can decrypt encrypted cookies using system APIs or stored keys, which is expected behavior. No backdoors, obfuscated code, or malicious payloads are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically reads cookie files and session files across multiple browsers and platforms, decrypts encrypted cookie values using system-specific APIs (DPAPI, Keychain, libsecret), and loads them into cookiejar objects. The functions appear to perform legitimate operations related to cookie extraction. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden network activity is present. The inclusion of various system API calls and registry access is consistent with a tool designed to access stored cookies. The code is well-structured, with clear separation of concerns, and no obfuscated or suspicious logic is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a legitimate cookie extraction utility designed for authorized use cases such as testing or browser automation. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage. The code leverages system APIs properly and does not perform any suspicious network activity or data theft. Based on current analysis, it presents a low risk of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}