{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for creating plots and tables to compare and visualize data related to some evaluation metrics, likely in a research or analysis context involving privacy or approximation parameters.",
  "sources": "Data inputs come from parameters such as 'data', which contain 'x data', 'y data', and associated metadata; also, environment variables are not used, and no user input is read directly.",
  "sinks": "Matplotlib plotting functions (plt.plot, plt.fill_between, plt.xlabel, plt.ylabel, etc.) are used for visualization; no direct data leaks or network transmissions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'data' parameter into plotting functions where it is visualized; no untrusted data processing or transformations that could lead to code injection or malicious actions are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard data visualization tasks with no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or unusual behavior. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network operations. Usage of functions like np.min, np.max, and plt functions are typical for plotting. No dynamic code execution or suspicious language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines three plotting functions: 'plot_comparison', 'plot_as_table', and 'plot_combined_data'. Each processes input data to produce visualizations or tables using standard libraries (matplotlib, pandas, numpy). The functions utilize common plotting techniques, handle log scale options, and format axes. There are no indications of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior. The only minor note is the reliance on external functions such as 'get_features_for_methods' and dictionaries like 'names_dict', but these appear to be standard data lookups, not malicious. Overall, the code performs data visualization with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data visualization module with no malicious behavior, no obfuscated code, and no security risks identified. It appears safe for use in its intended context.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}