{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate various plots (comparison plots, tables, combined data plots) for visualizing data related to comparisons of different methods, likely in a research or analysis context.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'data' dictionary parameter in each function, specifically from keys like 'y data', 'x data', 'y name', and 'x name'. It also imports functions and constants from external modules, notably 'get_features_for_methods' and several constants such as 'EPSILON', 'DELTA', and various 'ALLOCATION_*' identifiers.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily generates visual output using matplotlib; it does not write data externally, send data over network, or perform any system modifications. No external sinks such as network connections or file writes are present within the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters ('data' dict) through data processing and plotting functions, ultimately producing figure objects for visualization. The data flow is internal and limited to visualization; no external data flow or network communication occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code, are present. The code is straightforward plotting logic. Usage of external functions like 'get_features_for_methods' depends on external modules but is not inherently suspicious. No backdoors or hidden behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of visualization functions for plotting data, creating tables, and combining data plots using matplotlib and pandas. It includes standard plotting techniques, handling of logarithmic axes, and dynamic styling based on method names. The code appears to be well-structured for data visualization. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication, or malicious code injection. It relies on external modules for data processing, but these are assumed to be legitimate. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. The functions generate visual output based solely on input data, with no external or hidden actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward visualization module intended for plotting comparison data. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears to be a benign and typical data visualization script with no suspicious features.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}