{
  "purpose": "The code implements an active learning pipeline that updates a model using external commands, manages data files, generates predictions, and visualizes results. It orchestrates model training, prediction, and data handling for iterative model improvement.",
  "sources": "Reading input CSV files, parameters from function arguments, environment variables, and external command strings constructed for subprocess execution.",
  "sinks": "Execution of external commands via os.system() for model training and prediction, file writing and copying (CSV files, PDFs), directory creation and file movement, plotting functions.",
  "flows": "Source data (CSV files, parameters) are used to construct command strings; these commands are executed to update models and generate predictions; files are read/written and moved accordingly; plots are generated from results.",
  "anomalies": "Use of os.system() with dynamically constructed command strings without explicit sanitization, which could pose command injection risks if inputs are manipulated. No hardcoded credentials or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs a typical scientific data pipeline involving external subprocess calls, file I/O, and plotting. All reports agree that there is no malicious activity, backdoors, or sabotage. The main security concern is the use of os.system() with concatenated command strings, which could be exploited if parameters are externally manipulated. However, in controlled environments, this pattern is common. The code does not contain obfuscation or suspicious network activity. The scores assigned in all reports (malware = 0, obfuscated = 0, risk ~0.1-0.2) are consistent with the observed behavior. To enhance security, replacing os.system() with subprocess.run() with argument lists is recommended to prevent command injection. Overall, the code is a legitimate scientific workflow with minimal security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of an active learning process involving external model training and prediction commands. No malicious activity or sabotage is evident. The primary security concern is the command execution pattern, which can be mitigated. The scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, and a low risk score (~0.2) are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}