{
  "purpose": "Define typed paginators for the Bedrock service client, enabling type-safe iteration over paginated API responses.",
  "sources": "Import statements for system info, third-party modules, and type definitions; class methods accessing client.get_paginator() and calling paginate() with untrusted kwargs.",
  "sinks": "The paginate() methods, which accept kwargs that could potentially be manipulated if sourced from untrusted input, and pass them directly to the paginator's paginate function.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (kwargs) flows into the paginate() method, which calls the underlying paginator's paginate() with these kwargs, leading to potential misuse if input is malicious.",
  "anomalies": "The code strictly defines paginator classes with no apparent code injection, remote network calls, or data exfiltration logic. The paginate methods simply pass user kwargs into paginator calls. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are present. The code structure is standard for type annotations and class definitions.",
  "analysis": "The code provides type-safe definitions for paginator classes, ensuring correct request and response types. It uses standard Python typing and class inheritance patterns. The only dynamic element is the passing of kwargs from external sources into the paginate() method, which is typical for such SDK wrapper classes. There are no signs of malicious payloads, code injection, or data leaks. No suspicious network activity or backdoors are present. The code appears to be a legitimate, straightforward type-annotated SDK wrapper for paginator functionalities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, type-annotated SDK wrapper for boto3 paginators, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. Its functionality is limited to type safety and method definitions. It does not perform any harmful operations or data exfiltration. The dynamic input passing is typical and not malicious in itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}