{
  "purpose": "Library for managing network port availability, including checking if ports are free or occupied, and finding available ports.",
  "sources": "User input via command-line arguments; function parameters such as host, port, and timeout; socket.getaddrinfo() calls; parsing of host and port from strings.",
  "sinks": "Socket connection attempts in '_connect'; socket bind and close in 'find_available_local_port'; exception raising in 'assert_free', 'free', and 'occupied'.",
  "flows": "Input is taken via command-line arguments or function parameters; host and port are processed and checked through socket connections; exceptions are raised based on connection success/failure; port status is checked repeatedly with timeouts.",
  "anomalies": "Code includes standard network port management functions with no obvious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code. No obfuscated code, malware patterns, or suspicious network activity (such as data exfiltration or command-and-control communication) is detected. Use of 'platform.system()' to adjust behavior is benign and standard.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utilities to check port availability and wait for ports to become free or occupied, with functions like 'assert_free', 'free', and 'occupied'. It uses socket connections to determine port status, with proper exception handling. The functions include standard network checks and port discovery methods. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network connections, or malicious behaviors are present. The command-line interface allows invoking these checks with user-supplied host and port parameters. Overall, the code performs expected network port management tasks without indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate network utility library for managing port availability, with no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. It uses standard socket operations and proper exception handling. There are no suspicious data leaks, network communications, or obfuscated patterns. It can be considered safe based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}