{
  "purpose": "This code defines a FastAPI application with custom routing, static file serving, error handling, and dynamic content rendering for a UI framework called 'uiwiz'. It appears to set up middleware, static routes, and error responses, primarily for web UI purposes.",
  "sources": "Data reads occur from: resources dictionary (file reading), request body (in error handling), environment variables indirectly (e.g., __version__, __file__ for static paths). No explicit external inputs like user input or untrusted data sources are evident beyond HTTP requests.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include: reading from files in resources (but controlled, not malicious), JSON encoding/response (safe), HTMLResponse output (safe), and response headers. No unsafe system calls or network connections are directly visible. The code does not include data exfiltration, system command execution, or network connections.",
  "flows": "Data flows from static file resources into responses; from request validation errors into toast UI elements; from code configuration (e.g., static paths) into server setup. No evidence of data flow from untrusted sources to dangerous sinks beyond standard request processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated variable and class names, which is unusual and potentially suspicious. The import from 'uiwiz' modules is consistent with a custom UI framework, but the naming pattern looks intentionally obscure. The code includes a custom error handler that generates UI error messages; no malicious logic or backdoors are apparent. The 'resources' dictionary is external, but used safely for static file serving. No hardcoded credentials or secret keys are detected. The use of lambda for delete button is safe but noteworthy. No signs of code injection, backdoors, or malicious logic are present.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a FastAPI app with customized routes, middleware, and static file handling. It reads static resources from a resource dictionary, responds with static files, and handles validation errors by generating user interface notifications via HTML. The naming of classes and variables is intentionally obfuscated, which could be suspicious, but the actual logic appears focused on UI presentation and static content delivery. No network connections, data exfiltration, command execution, or credential harvesting code is present. The error handling generates a UI toast with error details, which is standard for web apps, and there are no indications of malicious behavior. The obfuscation may be for code hiding or just code style, but does not inherently suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a part of a web UI framework, configuring static routes, middleware, and error responses. Despite the obfuscated naming, there are no signs of malicious activity, data leaks, or security breaches. The overall security risk is low; the primary concern is the obfuscation style, which may be intentional or to hinder readability, but not malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}