{
  "purpose": "The code implements a FastAPI web application with custom routing, static file serving, and error handling, designed for UI rendering and validation error display.",
  "sources": "The code reads static resources from the 'resources' dictionary, reads files from the filesystem using open(), and extracts data from Request objects and validation errors.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs HTTP responses, including reading files and returning HTML/response objects. It encodes error details into HTML responses and sets headers for caching and content type.",
  "flows": "Input data from file system and request validation errors flow into response generation, including reading resource files, encoding JSON error info, and rendering HTML components.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of heavily obfuscated import aliases (e.g., jsnMZXaVZZofhtcsGTHvOZwcaHvJBmTz) and variable names; use of dynamic class inheritance; complex nested context managers; potential indirect data flows. No hardcoded secrets or credentials detected. The code appears intentionally complex, possibly obfuscating behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a web server built with FastAPI, managing routes, static files, and error responses. It uses external modules with non-descriptive names, possibly obfuscating intent. The main functional parts include serving static resources, handling validation errors with detailed error display, and custom response formatting. There is no evidence of malicious actions such as network exfiltration, reverse shells, or harmful file operations. The use of complex nested context managers and obfuscated import names raises suspicion of intentional complexity, but no direct malicious activity or sabotage is evident. The code’s primary function appears benign but intentionally obscure.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a deliberately complex web application implementation, with no clear malicious behavior or sabotage. No evidence of malware or security risks was found. The obfuscation and complexity may be for intellectual property protection or an attempt to hinder analysis, but no malicious intent is demonstrated.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}