{
  "purpose": "The code defines a base class for a SentencePiece tokenizer, handling encoding and decoding of text, including special token handling and configuration management.",
  "sources": "Configuration loading from JSON files, model files from paths or file handles, user input text for encoding, internal methods accessing token maps.",
  "sinks": "None explicitly present; no network, file, or external system access in the provided code.",
  "flows": "Configuration data is loaded from JSON and model files, then used internally for tokenization. Input text is processed through multiple internal methods to produce token IDs and vice versa.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No suspicious or obfuscated code. Use of regular expressions and token maps appears standard. No unusual behavior such as network access or hidden data exfiltration. External dependencies are standard, with no suspicious imports.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical implementation of a tokenizer class, handling configuration, model file paths, token encoding/decoding, and special token handling. There is careful validation of input parameters, standard use of regex for splitting text, and structured handling of number and space modes. No malicious functions, network calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code relies on external libraries (sentencepiece) and local utilities (load_json, is_number), which seem appropriate. No signs of obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident. The class methods are well-structured, and no suspicious logic paths are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate, standard implementation of a SentencePiece tokenizer base class, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not perform any network operations, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The security risk and malware scores are very low, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}