{
  "purpose": "Generate OTP provisioning URLs and manage user devices for two-factor authentication in Django.",
  "sources": "User input parameters (accountname, secret, issuer, digits), user object, Django settings, device list for user.",
  "sinks": "URL construction with user data, potential exposure if URLs are mishandled outside the code, device attribute storage.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (accountname, issuer, secret) are encoded and combined into a URL; device attributes are read and set on user object.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, no suspicious code patterns, no obfuscation, standard URL encoding and device attribute handling.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard 2FA URL generation and device management in Django. It encodes user inputs properly, follows the Google Authenticator URI scheme, and uses Django settings for configuration. The 'secret' is included directly in the URL, which is typical for OTP provisioning, assuming secrets are stored securely outside this code. The monkeypatch utility is harmless. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads are present. The code is straightforward, with no suspicious patterns or vulnerabilities. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to the handling of secrets in URLs, which is standard practice but requires external secure management. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and risk score is approximately 0.1-0.2, justified by the handling of sensitive data in URL parameters. Overall, the code is secure, well-implemented, and aligns with best practices for 2FA URL generation in Django applications.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, secure implementation of OTP URL generation and device management. No malicious behavior, obfuscation, or significant vulnerabilities are detected. The minor security risk associated with URL-embedded secrets is typical for such schemes and manageable with proper external secret handling. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the risk score around 0.1-0.2 is appropriate. Overall, the code is safe and correctly scored.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}