{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to add indentation and formatting to HTML and template code, with special handling for templates such as Handlebars, Jinja, and embedded tags.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the 'rawcode' string parameter, which is processed and split into lines for formatting. External configuration is obtained via the 'config' object. No external data sources or network inputs are directly read.",
  "sinks": "The code performs regex substitutions and formatting functions that process template tags, HTML tags, and embedded expressions. No direct data leaks or system commands are executed. No external system calls, network connections, or data exfiltration points are present.",
  "flows": "Input 'rawcode' is split into lines, processed line-by-line with multiple regex-based transformations, formatting, and indentation adjustments, then recombined into output. Internal functions format attributes, set tags, and template expressions, but do not execute external commands or system operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex regex patterns for template and HTML parsing; some patterns evaluate contents (e.g., eval in 'format_data') which could be misused if malicious input is provided. There are no hardcoded credentials, network calls, or system modifications. The eval usage is limited to formatting purposes, but it can potentially execute arbitrary code if input is maliciously crafted.",
  "analysis": "The script mainly manipulates text for formatting HTML and template code, with regex-based parsing and conditional indentation. The only potentially risky part is the use of 'eval' within 'format_data', which could be exploited if malicious data is supplied. No network or file system operations are evident. No obfuscated code or malicious payloads are directly embedded. The overall design appears focused on formatting, with minimal security implications beyond the eval usage, which should be reviewed.",
  "conclusion": "This code is primarily for formatting HTML and template code, with no active malicious behavior. The only concern is the use of 'eval' for JSON parsing or set evaluation, which could be risky if untrusted input is provided. Overall, the code does not exhibit malware or malicious intent but should avoid using 'eval' with untrusted data to prevent potential code execution vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}