{
  "purpose": "The code aims to add indentation to HTML and template code, formatting various template tags and HTML tags for better readability.",
  "sources": "Reads raw code input from the 'rawcode' parameter, environment/config variables, and template content within regex matches.",
  "sinks": "Potentially executes eval() on contents that are not JSON, which could be exploited for code injection; modifies template strings and HTML tags; no network or data exfiltration observed.",
  "flows": "Input raw code -> regex processing and conditional formatting -> eval() on contents -> re.sub transformations -> output formatted code. The eval() call is the primary source-to-sink flow that may lead to code execution if malicious input is provided.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of eval() on untrusted data (contents that are not JSON), which is a significant security concern. The code also manipulates template strings and may process user-supplied content without sanitization. No explicit hard-coded credentials or backdoors are observed. The code includes complex regex processing that could be misleading but does not appear obfuscated or malicious per se.",
  "analysis": "The script processes input code to format and indent HTML and template tags. It uses regex to parse template syntax and HTML tags, with special handling for raw and ignored blocks. The most significant security concern is the use of eval() within the format_data function to interpret contents that are not JSON, which could be exploited if untrusted input reaches this point. The eval() is wrapped in a try-except, and only executes on data presumed to be set contents, not on arbitrary user input directly, but if an attacker can influence the contents processed here, malicious code execution is possible. The code does not contain network operations, data exfiltration, or backdoor mechanisms, but the eval() vulnerability poses a notable risk. No obfuscation or hidden malicious code is detected beyond this eval usage. Overall, the script is primarily formatting logic with a critical vulnerability in eval().",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a formatter for HTML and template syntax, with a significant security risk introduced by the use of eval() on untrusted contents. The eval() could lead to code execution if malicious input is processed. No evidence of malicious behavior like data theft, network communication, or backdoors is present outside this eval usage. The overall security risk is moderate due to this eval vulnerability.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 2
}