{
  "purpose": "The code provides a function to add indentation to HTML and template code, formatting various tags, attributes, and embedded scripts/templates for improved readability.",
  "sources": "Inputs include the raw code string 'rawcode', configuration settings 'config', and internal regex matches during substitution processes. Data is read from the 'rawcode' string, regex matches, and 'config' parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include re.sub operations that modify code, especially where code is evaluated with 'eval' in 'format_data', and string manipulations that may process untrusted input. There are no network or file operations.",
  "flows": "Sources (rawcode input, regex matches, config parameters) flow through formatting functions and regex substitutions, potentially executing 'eval' on untrusted data, then producing formatted code as output. Data from untrusted sources could influence 'eval' or regex replacements.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual behaviors include the use of 'eval' on contents of template tags in 'format_data', which can execute arbitrary code if the input is malicious. The code does not sanitize or restrict eval input, which is a significant security concern. The rest of the code appears to perform standard formatting and regex substitution without obfuscation or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The primary security concern is the use of 'eval' in 'format_data', which can execute arbitrary code if the input contents are maliciously crafted. This is a common supply chain risk if untrusted code is processed. The regex substitutions and code structure are typical for a formatter tool, with no evidence of backdoors, data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious code injection beyond the unsafe 'eval'. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network/domain connections are present. The use of 'eval' on untrusted data is a high-risk pattern, indicating potential for malicious behavior if input is malicious. Other parts of the code involve regex-based code transformations and formatting, which are standard and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a formatter for HTML and template code, with a significant security concern due to the use of 'eval' on untrusted template contents within 'format_data'. This introduces a high risk of code execution if the input is malicious. Other aspects are typical for a code formatter and do not exhibit malicious intent. Overall, the malicious behavior score is high mainly because of 'eval', while the security risk is also elevated due to this unsafe eval usage.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.75,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 5
}