{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to add indentation and formatting to HTML, template, and script code within a larger project, primarily for beautification and readability purposes.",
  "sources": "Input source is the 'rawcode' string parameter, which is the HTML/template code to be formatted. It also reads configuration data from the 'config' object, including formatting rules and tags.",
  "sinks": "Processed code is accumulated in 'beautified_code' which is returned as a string. There are no evident sinks that send data externally or perform unsafe operations like network I/O, file writes, or command execution.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from 'rawcode' through various regex-based transformations and formatting functions, which modify indentation, attributes, and structure, then output as formatted string.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs complex regex replacements and eval-based JSON parsing, which could be misused if malicious input is crafted. Notably, 'eval' is used to evaluate string contents in 'format_data', potentially allowing code execution if untrusted data is processed. No network or system command calls are present. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a formatting utility for HTML and template code, using regex substitutions and string manipulations. It processes input line-by-line, adjusting indentation levels based on tag detection. The use of 'eval' within 'format_data' could pose a security risk if untrusted input is fed into this function, as it could execute arbitrary code. However, in typical usage, 'contents' is expected to be JSON or simple data, and 'eval' is used in a limited context. No network I/O, system calls, or data exfiltration routines are present. The code structure is complex but appears to be purely for beautification, with no malicious intent. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or covert channels are evident. The overall security risk appears low, but the use of 'eval' warrants caution in untrusted contexts.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a sophisticated HTML/template beautifier that manipulates code structure using regex and string operations. The only noteworthy security concern is the use of 'eval' on input data, which could be exploited if malicious input reaches this function. There are no signs of malware or external malicious activities. Overall, the code seems intended for legitimate formatting purposes with minimal security risk, provided input validation is enforced externally.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 4
}