{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to add indentation and formatting to HTML and template code, including handling specific template syntax for handlebars, jinja, and other templating languages. It performs code beautification and formatting for templated HTML content.",
  "sources": "Reads input from the parameter 'rawcode' which contains the code to be formatted; reads configuration settings from 'config'.",
  "sinks": "Outputs the formatted HTML string, including potential modifications of template syntax and HTML structure.",
  "flows": "Input 'rawcode' flows through various regex-based transformations and formatting functions, potentially altering template tags and HTML structure based on 'config'. No data flows from untrusted sources into system commands or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code uses eval() in a controlled context for JSON parsing, which is a common pattern in formatting tools but can be risky if misused. No network calls, file operations, or data exfiltration observed. Use of eval() could be exploited if malicious code is injected into the 'contents' variable, but here it is used for JSON and set evaluation, which is typical in code formatting contexts.",
  "analysis": "The script performs HTML and template code formatting with regex-based modifications, attribute formatting, and template handling. It does not include network operations, system calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms. Use of eval() is limited to JSON evaluation, which is standard for such tools but remains a point of caution if inputs are untrusted. No obfuscated code or malicious intent is detected; the regex and code structure are consistent with a code beautification utility. The potential security concern lies in the eval() use, but within this context, it appears controlled and limited to safe JSON parsing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate formatting utility designed for beautifying HTML and template code, with no clear malicious behavior or backdoors. The use of eval() warrants caution, but in this context, it is used for JSON evaluation and set parsing, which is standard. There are no network operations, credential theft, or system damage routines. Overall, the code appears safe and intended solely for formatting purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}