{
  "purpose": "Assess the security implications of the open source dependency by analyzing code for malicious behavior, obfuscation, and security risks.",
  "sources": "Code segments involving eval()/exec(), dynamic imports, environment variable reads, network communication, and obfuscated variable names.",
  "sinks": "Execution of untrusted code, data exfiltration points, network connections, and environment variable access.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input sources (eval/exec, environment variables) leading to potential code execution, data leaks, or network activity.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable names, dynamic code execution, suspicious data flows, hardcoded URLs, and indirect system or network access.",
  "analysis": "The code exhibits signs of obfuscation and dynamic execution, notably eval()/exec() with untrusted data, obfuscated variable names, and dynamic imports. These are typical indicators of malicious or suspicious activity. Benign code lacks such features, showing straightforward logic and no suspicious network or data handling. The suspicion is higher when obfuscation and dynamic code are combined, especially if data exfiltration or command execution points are present. The scores from reports 1 and 5 suggest high suspicion, justified by these features. Reports 2 and 3 show minimal or no suspicious activity, correctly scored as benign. Report 4 indicates suspicion but lacks definitive malicious payloads, warranting moderate scores. Overall, the assessment aligns with the descriptions, with the highest malware and risk scores justified by the presence of obfuscation and dynamic code execution, especially in reports 1 and 5.",
  "conclusion": "The dependency contains code with significant obfuscation and dynamic execution features, indicating a high potential for malicious behavior. While no definitive malicious payloads are confirmed, the signs warrant a high malware score (~0.75) and overall security risk (~0.7). Benign reports are correctly scored near zero. Further static and dynamic analysis is recommended for confirmation, but current scores are appropriate given the evidence.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.75,
  "securityRisk": 0.7,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}