{
  "purpose": "The code implements various machine learning models including linear regression, logistic regression, decision trees, k-nearest neighbors, k-means clustering, and gradient boosting algorithms for classification and regression tasks.",
  "sources": "Data input occurs via method parameters (X, y), which are used internally for model fitting and prediction. There are no external input sources such as network or file I/O in this code.",
  "sinks": "Predictions are returned as arrays. There are no write or output operations involving external systems, files, or network connections.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into model fitting functions, then through internal computations, and finally produces predictions or plots. No external untrusted data sources or sinks are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no obfuscated code, no suspicious dynamic execution, or hardcoded secrets. All computations appear standard for ML models. The only minor unusual point is the use of random sampling in KMeans, which is typical for such algorithms. No signs of backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious control flow are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard ML models with conventional techniques, no external network or file I/O beyond plotting functions, which are not malicious. The use of random sampling in KMeans is normal, and no hardcoded credentials or suspicious behaviors are present. The code does not perform any actions outside typical ML workflows, nor does it include hidden or malicious code. The code appears benign and solely focused on model training, prediction, and visualization.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a collection of standard machine learning model implementations with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is typical in structure and function for ML tasks, with no suspicious or malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}