{
  "purpose": "The code provides implementations of various machine learning models including linear regression, logistic regression, decision trees, k-NN, k-means clustering, and gradient boosting, primarily for educational or analytical purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, primarily through methods like fit(), predict(), and assign_clusters(). No external or untrusted sources are directly read within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "Predictions, model parameters, and intermediate calculations are stored in class attributes. No direct data leak or external communication is observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through model fitting and prediction methods, with internal calculations on data arrays. No external data or network communication occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. All code appears consistent with standard ML implementation techniques. No obfuscated or suspicious code is present. No network or system command usage. No privacy-invasive operations or data exfiltration code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code contains multiple ML model classes implementing standard algorithms such as linear regression, logistic regression, decision trees, k-NN, k-means clustering, and gradient boosting. All methods use standard mathematical operations with numpy and scikit-learn components. No suspicious functions, external communication, or hidden behaviors are evident. The code appears to be straightforward ML implementation without malicious intent. Usage of random and sklearn libraries is typical for such models. No signs of malware, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms are present. The code structure is clear, with no obfuscation or unconventional language features. Security risks are minimal, given the context; no credentials, secrets, or insecure data handling is observed.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of standard machine learning algorithms with no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It appears to be legitimate and intended for ML tasks. No malicious intent or security vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}