{
  "purpose": "The code defines a configuration class for an API client, managing settings such as host URLs, authentication methods, logging, SSL verification, and connection pooling. It facilitates secure communication with the WhyLabs API by handling authentication details and connection parameters.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include environment variables, API keys, user-provided parameters (host, API keys, credentials), and configuration options set within the class. Notably, API keys and credentials are set through class instantiation and property setters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the transmission of API keys, credentials, and authentication tokens in HTTP headers or as part of request parameters. The code constructs authorization headers and incorporates API keys and basic auth tokens into HTTP requests.",
  "flows": "Sensitive data flows from input sources such as api_key, api_key_prefix, username, password, and environment variables into authorization headers for HTTP requests. These flows are mediated through methods like get_api_key_with_prefix and get_basic_auth_token, which generate authorization headers for network communication.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no evident anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code segments. It primarily manages configuration and logging settings. The logger setup uses standard Python logging practices; no suspicious logging behavior or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or code injection patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is an auto-generated configuration class for an API client, managing authentication, server URLs, SSL verification, and logging. It handles API key and basic authentication token creation securely via standard libraries. The API key and credentials are set via constructor parameters or property setters, with no hardcoded secrets embedded. The class provides methods for retrieving authentication headers and host URLs, all implemented using safe and standard approaches. There is no evidence of malicious data flows, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The configuration options align with typical API client practices, focusing on secure and flexible setup without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, auto-generated configuration class for a Python API client, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It manages sensitive credentials appropriately and uses conventional patterns for configuration and logging. Overall, it appears safe and intended for legitimate API interaction.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}