{
  "purpose": "This code defines a configuration class for the Whylabs API client, managing connection settings, authentication, logging, and server configuration.",
  "sources": "Input sources include user-provided parameters during class initialization, environment variables, and configuration files (implied). It reads data from parameters like api_key, api_key_prefix, username, password, host, ssl_ca_cert, and server variables.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the construction of HTTP headers for API key and basic auth, logging outputs, and server URL generation. Sensitive data such as API keys, credentials, and SSL certificates are used in headers and configuration settings.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into headers and URL templates; for example, API keys and prefixes are combined into authorization headers; server variables replace placeholders in URLs; credentials generate authorization headers; logging configuration affects output streams.",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious anomalies; the code appears standard for a generated API client configuration class. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or backdoors are present. The class handles sensitive data carefully by using parameters and environment, not embedded secrets.",
  "analysis": "The code is a generated configuration class for API client setup. It manages authentication, logging, SSL verification, and server URL construction. All data flows are controlled via parameters; no suspicious or malicious logic is detected. The class provides mechanisms for secure handling of API keys and credentials. The only potential concern is logging sensitive data if configured improperly, but this is a typical risk in logging setups and not malicious by design.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, auto-generated API client configuration class with no malicious intent or sabotage. It handles sensitive information carefully through parameters and does not contain hidden or suspicious code segments. No malware or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}