{
  "purpose": "This code defines a class for analyzing Python AST trees to enforce the use of keyword arguments, particularly for function calls with multiple positional arguments. It also provides options for configuring inspection patterns and modules.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from the AST of Python code (via the 'tree' parameter). It also imports external modules and reads their attributes.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks are identified; however, the code compiles regex patterns and loads modules dynamically, which could be misused if combined with untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Source: AST tree and dynamic module imports -> Patterns and Trie construction for ignoring certain function calls -> Analysis of AST Call nodes to identify positional arguments exceeding allowed limits, potentially generating warnings.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs dynamic module import and regex pattern compilation based on potentially configurable inputs. The pattern ignore list is built from external options, but nothing appears to execute untrusted code or hidden commands. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The use of 'importlib.import_module' with externally supplied module names could be risky if module names are manipulated, but this is standard for plugin systems. No obfuscated code, no suspicious data leaks, and no malicious network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured to parse an AST, examine function calls, and enforce keyword argument usage. It uses dynamic module imports and regex pattern matching for ignore lists, which are common in configurable analysis tools. The core logic involves walking the AST, filtering call nodes based on argument count, and ignoring specified patterns. No evidence of malicious code, backdoors, or malware behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification. The code appears to be a static analysis helper with configurable options, typical for a linting or code-quality tool. The dynamic import and pattern matching could be misused if inputs are untrusted, but this alone does not constitute malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a configurable static analysis tool designed to warn about function calls with too many positional arguments, encouraging the use of keyword arguments. It involves dynamic module import and regex pattern handling, but no malicious intent or malware is evident. It appears to be a legitimate code quality or style enforcement utility without malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}