{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility classes and functions for handling Google Cloud Storage media uploads and downloads using the requests library, including support for resumable, multipart, and simple uploads, as well as chunked downloads.",
  "sources": "The code reads static documentation strings, import statements, and references to classes and functions within the module. It does not accept external input or untrusted data directly.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with the requests library to send HTTP requests and handle responses, including headers and content. It does not perform any untrusted data processing directly within this fragment.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink flows involving untrusted data; the code mostly sets up classes and imports. No user input or external data flows into critical sinks such as command execution or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a straightforward utility module with detailed docstrings and licensing comments. No unusual or suspicious code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are present. All imported modules are standard or related to Google Cloud SDK, with no obfuscated or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists primarily of import statements, license headers, detailed documentation, and a list of exported classes. It does not contain executable logic beyond class definitions and documentation setup. No code performs untrusted data handling, command execution, or network communication outside of standard HTTP request handling which is encapsulated within classes. No anomalies such as obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or suspicious patterns are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for Google Cloud Storage media operations, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It is well-structured, documented, and relies on standard libraries and conventions. Therefore, it can be considered safe based on this fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}