{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions for time domain analysis and gating of network parameters, including peak detection, span detection, window creation, and time gating of network data.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from 'ntwk' objects, particularly from 'ntwk.s_time_db.flatten()', 'ntwk.frequency.t', and 'ntwk.s_time_mag'. The function 'find_n_peaks' reads amplitude data; 'detect_span' reads peak indices; 'time_gate' reads network s-parameters and frequency information.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates 'ntwk.s' (the s-parameters), potentially altering or overwriting this data. No data is transmitted externally; no network operations or file writes are performed. No untrusted data is sent out or saved. The functions do not perform any operations that could leak data externally.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from 'ntwk' properties into processing functions. Peak detection uses 'ntwk.s_time_db.flatten()' and 'ntwk.s_time_mag'. 'detect_span' extracts peaks and computes time differences. 'time_gate' applies window functions, transforms data via FFT/IFFT, and manipulates 'ntwk.s'. Data flows within functions, but no external or malicious data transfer occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior detected. The functions perform standard signal processing tasks: peak detection, windowing, and FFT-based gating. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. Warnings are standard and related to signal processing considerations. The code is well-structured, with clear purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code implements typical signal processing functions for analyzing and gating network data. It uses numpy, scipy, and standard signal processing techniques without any obfuscation or malicious constructs. The presence of warnings and validation checks are standard. No external network calls, file I/O, or suspicious behaviors are present. The only notable aspect is that the functions manipulate network s-parameters in a way consistent with typical RF analysis, with no signs of malicious intent or data exfiltration.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured set of functions for time-domain signal analysis in RF networks. It does not contain any malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage indicators. The functions operate only on provided data, with no external data leakage or malicious side-effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}