{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be part of a configuration or utility module for managing query timeouts, terminal window size swapping, and cell size ratios, likely within a terminal-based or console application.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration values from the 'utils' module and environment-related variables such as '_query_timeout' and internal flags like '_queries_enabled' and '_swap_win_size'. It also accesses class attributes and global variables.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies global variables and internal cache variables within the 'utils' module. There are no obvious sinks that lead to data leaks or malicious actions directly. No network or file system operations are present.",
  "flows": "Inputs from the 'utils' module and parameters to functions flow into global state modifications and cache invalidations. These flows appear to be standard configuration updates without external untrusted input affecting critical operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated variable and class names (e.g., RrFWZsTmcIxSJdoNbmRYHvSMHqokmbwC, wxmurUeDIeXutDlJfvlKPLJSZRKkYkoO) which may hinder readability but do not inherently indicate malicious intent. There are no hardcoded secrets or credentials. No code injection or suspicious dynamic execution is present. The presence of a variable named 'cCMOqCcVZovmiGVirYwvvgacVFSoZuNn' for 'Optional[bool]' and its handling could be unusual, but it seems to relate to support for terminal features.",
  "analysis": "The code defines configuration constants and functions for toggling query execution, window size swapping, and cell size ratios. It relies heavily on the 'utils' module for state management, with functions to enable/disable queries, toggle window size swapping, and set ratios. Variable names are obfuscated, but the logic appears consistent with configuration management rather than malicious activity. No external data input is processed in a way that could lead to security vulnerabilities. No network, file operations, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The obfuscation of variable names could suggest an attempt to hide intent, but within this context, it appears to be a style choice rather than malicious obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not demonstrate malicious behavior or malware. It functions as a configuration and utility management module for terminal or console application settings. The obfuscated variable names are suspicious but do not directly indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code is safe with no evident security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}