{
  "purpose": "This function returns an HTML template string for a pytest HTML report, including styles, scripts, and placeholders for dynamic content.",
  "sources": "External script and stylesheet URLs (CDNs), inline JavaScript functions, and placeholder variables embedded in the HTML (e.g., __pass__, __fail__, __total__, etc.).",
  "sinks": "Dynamic content placeholders and inline scripts that manipulate DOM elements, generate charts, and handle file downloads, particularly the 'download' link triggering PDF creation via dom-to-image and jsPDF.",
  "flows": "Variables like __pass__, __fail__, __total__, etc., are used in JavaScript to generate charts and display statistics; the 'download' button triggers dom-to-image to convert the dashboard HTML to PNG and embeds it in a PDF using jsPDF.",
  "anomalies": "Use of placeholder variables that are intended for dynamic content insertion; no hard-coded credentials or suspicious URL patterns. The script includes multiple CDN links for common libraries (jQuery, Chart.js, jsPDF, dom-to-image). No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present; the download functionality, although standard, could potentially be exploited if placeholders are improperly sanitized.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard HTML template with embedded JavaScript for rendering a pytest report. External resources are loaded via CDN, which is common for such dashboards. The scripts handle data visualization, tab switching, and file download features without evidence of malicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are observed. The use of placeholders suggests content is injected server-side or via templating; if untrusted data is inserted without sanitization, there could be a risk of script injection, but the code itself does not contain such exploits. The download function leverages dom-to-image and jsPDF for generating PDFs, which is typical and benign unless the input data is maliciously crafted. Overall, no malicious intent or suspicious activity is evident from the code structure or behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an HTML report template with JavaScript for visualizations and PDF export. It relies on external libraries and uses placeholder variables for dynamic data. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. The security risk is minimal; potential concerns depend on the content injected into placeholders, which is outside the scope of this code. The overall malware likelihood is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}