{
  "purpose": "Generate an HTML template for a pytest HTML report with embedded scripts for visualization and interaction.",
  "sources": "The code primarily sources external resources such as CSS stylesheets, JavaScript libraries, and images via CDN links and URLs. It also reads data from placeholders (__variables__) embedded within the HTML and scripts.",
  "sinks": "The code includes client-side scripts that process data and generate visualizations, download PDFs, and manipulate DOM elements based on user interactions. No server-side or system-level data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external sources (CDN links, URLs) into the HTML document. User interactions trigger scripts that manipulate DOM elements, generate charts, and create downloads (e.g., PDF reports) using the DOM-to-image and jsPDF libraries. Placeholders suggest data is dynamically injected, but no malicious data flow is evident.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of numerous external CDN links is typical but presents reliance on external sources; no suspicious or unusual code such as obfuscated segments, dynamic eval, or malicious network calls. Placeholders (__variables__) indicate templating but are not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a comprehensive HTML report template with embedded CSS styles, script functions for UI interactions, chart visualizations (using Chart.js and Google Charts), and PDF generation capabilities. All scripts appear to handle data visualization and download functionalities typical of reporting tools. No evidence of malicious code such as data exfiltration, system commands, or backdoors. External resources are common in web-based reporting dashboards. The placeholders suggest this code is meant to be populated with dynamic data, not static malicious content. Overall, the code appears to serve as a benign report generation template with no suspicious or malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard HTML report template with embedded visualization and interaction scripts. No malicious intent, backdoors, or malware indicators are detected. The reliance on external CDN resources poses typical security considerations but is not inherently malicious. The code functions as expected for a reporting dashboard without any signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}