{
  "purpose": "Generate an HTML template for a pytest HTML report with embedded scripts for data visualization and interaction.",
  "sources": "Embedded JavaScript code for creating charts, tables, page navigation, and download functionality.",
  "sinks": "Execution of scripts that manipulate DOM elements, generate charts, and facilitate file downloads; no apparent use of untrusted data sources or external inputs.",
  "flows": "The HTML structure loads scripts that render visualizations, manage page navigation, and enable report downloads. No external data sources or untrusted inputs are processed within the code.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of dynamic placeholders (__variables__) which indicate template-based generation; no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious network calls are detected. External URLs are used for standard libraries and assets; no suspicious or malicious domains.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive HTML template with embedded CSS and JavaScript for rendering a report interface. It loads various open-source libraries via CDN links, including jQuery, Chart.js, DataTables, and jsPDF. All URLs point to legitimate, common CDN providers, with no suspicious or unknown domains. The scripts primarily create data visualizations and enable report downloads, with no evidence of handling untrusted external inputs or performing malicious actions. The placeholder variables suggest templating for report data. No backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors are present. The code structure and content are consistent with a standard, benign report generation webpage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, template-based HTML report page with embedded visualization and download features. It relies solely on open-source libraries and does not contain any malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms. No security risks or malware are evident based on the code content.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}