{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class for handling language subtags, parsing data from an external index, and providing various properties related to language, script, and region tags.",
  "sources": "Reads data from the 'index' dictionary, which is imported from 'language_tags', and user inputs for subtag and type during class instantiation.",
  "sinks": "No apparent sinks that process untrusted external data directly; the code mostly manipulates internal data structures and properties.",
  "flows": "Input (subtag, type) -> Data retrieval from 'index' -> Internal validation and object creation -> Access via class properties for formatted data and metadata.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code uses dynamic class creation for exceptions, which is unusual but not suspicious. No code injection, network activity, or suspicious data handling observed. The class and variable naming are obfuscated, but this alone is not malicious. No external side effects or malicious payloads detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a dictionary 'index' from 'language_tags' and retrieves subtag data based on user input. It performs validation on the subtag and type, raising a custom exception if invalid. It provides various properties to format or access metadata about the language or region tags. The use of obfuscated variable names and class names appears to be an attempt at code concealment, but there are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. The code's purpose is to facilitate structured access to language tag data, with no evident security risks or malware activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a structured data handler for language subtags, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It performs input validation, data retrieval, and property access to manage language tag information securely. The obfuscation seems to be for concealment but does not indicate malicious activity. Overall, the package appears safe based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}