{
  "purpose": "The code manages different signal sampling utilities for various EEG and biosignal boards, importing corresponding classes and defining configuration parameters for each board.",
  "sources": "The code reads module imports, class definitions, and the 'COMPATIBLE_BOARDS' dictionary which contains configuration data for each board.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks of untrusted data or external communication are present within the provided code.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves importing modules/classes, then setting up the 'COMPATIBLE_BOARDS' dictionary which references those classes; no data flows from external untrusted sources to sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The try-except import pattern suggests handling for packaging or module resolution issues, which is normal; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. No obfuscation or suspicious constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles importing specific modules and defining a dictionary of configuration parameters. The imports are wrapped in a try-except block to ensure compatibility whether running as a package or standalone. The dictionary 'COMPATIBLE_BOARDS' maps board names to lists containing configuration parameters, including class objects imported earlier. No dynamic code execution, external network access, or data manipulation is evident. The code structure and content appear standard for configuration management and module setup. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The use of class references within the dictionary is straightforward and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard configuration and import management script for signal sampling utilities. It does not contain malicious behavior, suspicious code, or obfuscated content. Its purpose is to set up board configurations with associated classes and parameters. No security threats are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}