{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and classes for managing attributes (attrs) associated with objects, particularly in the context of handling array-like objects from the awkward library. It supports attribute extraction, combination, filtering, and type enforcement.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input objects passed to functions such as attrs_of_obj, attrs_of, and from the data parameter of the Attrs class. It also reads attribute keys and values during attribute processing.",
  "sinks": "The code does not explicitly write to external systems, perform network operations, or handle sensitive data in a way that indicates malicious intent. It manipulates data structures internally without exposing untrusted data directly to unsafe sinks.",
  "flows": "Input objects are processed in attrs_of_obj and attrs_of to extract attributes. Attributes are then combined or filtered in attrs_of and without_transient_attrs. The Attrs class provides controlled access to attributes, enforcing string keys.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious anomalies are detected. The code performs standard attribute handling, key enforcement, and data copying without obfuscated constructs or hidden behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of functions for retrieving and merging attributes from objects, filtering transient attributes, and a class for attribute storage with enforced string keys. The functions use standard Python idioms, such as type checking, dictionary copying, and iteration. The Attrs class ensures attribute keys are strings, preventing key-related vulnerabilities. No external network or system calls, or data leaks, are present. The code appears to be well-structured, with no signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation. All operations are typical for attribute management in object-oriented code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward utility for managing object attributes with no malicious intent. It enforces key types and allows attribute merging and filtering, all within standard safe practices. There are no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}