{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes for univariate distribution modeling, fitting, sampling, and serialization, primarily used for statistical analysis and probabilistic modeling.",
  "sources": "Data sources include input arrays for fitting (`fit()`), sampling (`sample()`), and distribution calculations (`probability_density()`, `cumulative_distribution()`, etc.), which are passed as numpy arrays.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods that output probability densities, cumulative distributions, inverse distributions, and sampled data, as well as serialization functions that write to files.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input numpy arrays through distribution calculations or fitting procedures; data can be serialized to files; sampled data can be returned for external use.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code employs standard libraries and patterns for statistical modeling. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is evident. The use of pickle for serialization can pose security concerns if loading untrusted files, but this is standard practice in controlled environments.",
  "analysis": "The code defines univariate distribution classes with methods for fitting, sampling, computing probability densities, and serialization. It relies on external, well-known libraries (numpy, pickle, abc) and contains no indications of malicious intent. The only potential security concern is the use of pickle for serialization, which can execute arbitrary code when loading untrusted data, but this is a common approach for model persistence and not inherently malicious. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or covert data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code appears to be a legitimate statistical utility library with standard patterns and no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured implementation of univariate distribution modeling, fitting, and serialization. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. The primary security consideration is cautious use of pickle loading with untrusted files. Overall, the code appears safe and free from malware, with a low malware score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}