{
  "purpose": "The code defines a framework for univariate probability distributions, including selection, fitting, sampling, and serialization of models, with support for parametric and bounded types, as well as wrappers for scipy models.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data during fit() methods, random seed values during initialization or set_random_state(), and distribution parameters during from_dict() and _set_params().",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include pickle serialization/deserialization in save() and load(), which could be exploited if the files are manipulated. No other explicit sinks for untrusted data or command execution are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (X) flows into fit() and related distribution methods, and parameters flow from to_dict() and from_dict() for serialization. Pickle operations handle complete object serialization/deserialization.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The code appears to be a standard statistical modeling framework with typical distribution methods.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical statistical distribution management, including candidate selection, fit, sampling, and serialization. It uses standard libraries and patterns, with no signs of code injection, malicious network activity, or data exfiltration. The use of pickle for serialization could be a security concern if untrusted files are loaded, but this is a common practice and not inherently malicious. There are no obfuscated code constructs, no dynamic code execution, and no suspicious variable names or behaviors. Overall, the code seems to be a legitimate modeling framework with standard security considerations, primarily the potential risks associated with pickle file handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of univariate distribution modeling with serialization features. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. The main security risk is the use of pickle for serialization, which should be handled carefully to prevent deserialization attacks. Overall, the package appears benign and suitable for distribution.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}