{
  "purpose": "The code defines a framework for univariate probability distribution models, including selection, fitting, sampling, and serialization functionalities. It supports wrapping scipy distributions and custom implementations, allowing for flexible probabilistic modeling.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data in methods like fit(), probability_density(), cumulative_distribution(), and sample(). It also reads configuration parameters during distribution setup and from serialized pickle files.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points include save() and load() methods which serialize and deserialize entire model instances. Methods like fit() and sample() process untrusted input data. No external network or system commands are invoked.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into fit(), probability_density(), etc., where models are fitted or evaluated. Serialized parameters flow into from_dict() and to_dict(). Loading from pickle flows through load(), deserializing data. Data from fit() is used internally for model fitting; sampling outputs are generated from the fitted models.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses pickle for serialization, which is risky if loading untrusted pickle files—can lead to arbitrary code execution. However, this is standard in many models; no explicit malicious code or backdoors are present. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious external calls, or obfuscated code are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured implementation of statistical distribution modeling with a clear separation of concerns and standard patterns. It does not perform network access, system modifications, or contain any obfuscated or suspicious logic. The use of pickle for serialization is a known security risk but not inherently malicious. The code relies on external libraries (numpy, scipy) which are standard for such tasks. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage. The code appears to be a legitimate statistical modeling framework with typical features such as fit, sampling, serialization, and distribution evaluation.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard probabilistic modeling framework with no evidence of malicious behavior. The only potential security concern is the use of pickle serialization, which could be exploited if loading malicious files. Overall, the code itself does not contain malware or malicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}