{
  "purpose": "The code implements classes for univariate distribution modeling, candidate selection, fitting, sampling, and serialization. It provides a framework for statistical distributions with methods for fitting data, sampling, and serialization.",
  "sources": "Data is read during the fit method (input data X), and during serialization/deserialization via pickle files.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could be loaded during pickle deserialization, which may execute arbitrary code if the pickle file is malicious.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into the fit method; serialized pickle files are loaded via load() and written via save(). During deserialization, untrusted pickle files could lead to code execution.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code patterns detected. Use of pickle is standard but carries security risks if untrusted data is loaded.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of univariate distribution classes with candidate selection, fitting, sampling, and serialization. No malicious code, backdoors, or sabotage are present. The primary security concern is the use of pickle for serialization/deserialization, which can execute arbitrary code if loading malicious files. The code is clear, well-structured, and free of obfuscation. The malware score is appropriately 0, as there is no evidence of malicious intent. The security risk score is low (~0.2), reflecting the inherent risks of pickle but not indicating active vulnerabilities or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate statistical modeling framework with no signs of malware or malicious intent. The only notable concern is the use of pickle serialization, which is a common security risk if untrusted data is loaded. No network activity, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code are present. The assigned malware score of 0 and low security risk score are justified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}