{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes for univariate distribution modeling, including selection, fitting, sampling, and serialization functionalities, primarily used in statistical modeling and data analysis.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries, third-party modules (numpy, pickle, abc, enum), and internal modules (copulas.errors, copulas.univariate.selection, copulas.utils). No explicit input sources within the code, but methods like fit, sample, and distribution functions accept external data inputs.",
  "sinks": "File operations for save and load methods, pickle serialization/deserialization, and distribution method calls which process data but do not send data externally. No network or external data exfiltration points are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data (X, U) flows into fit, probability_density, cumulative_distribution, percent_point, sample methods; their outputs are distribution function results or serialized objects. No data flows to external systems or network communications.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code contains standard distribution modeling logic, with some methods handling degenerate cases. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The use of pickle for serialization could be a security concern if loading untrusted files, but this is standard practice for object persistence.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a structured approach to univariate distribution modeling, including candidate selection, fitting, and distribution calculations. The class methods perform expected statistical operations without any evident malicious logic. Serialization via pickle is standard but could pose security risks if used improperly; however, it is not inherently malicious. There are no network operations, data exfiltration, or suspicious side effects. The code does not perform any system modifications, command executions, or external communications that would indicate malicious intent. All data flows are internal to statistical calculations, and the use of third-party libraries is typical for such tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of statistical distribution classes with distribution fitting, sampling, and serialization capabilities. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware signs are present. The use of pickle for serialization could be risky if loading untrusted files, but this is a common pattern in Python applications. Overall, the code appears safe and free of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}