{
  "purpose": "The code reads data files of various formats (CSV, XLS, XLSX, JSON, JSON-LD) and converts them into a pandas DataFrame for internal processing, primarily handling JSON/JSON-LD formats with flattening.",
  "sources": "File input via the 'file_path' argument, which is read in the 'data_to_dataframe' function, especially during json.load() for JSON/JSONLD files.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks identified; the code does not send data over the network, write to files, or execute system commands. No untrusted data is written or executed.",
  "flows": "Data is read from files into memory (json.load for JSON/JSONLD). Flattening functions process nested dictionaries, ultimately returning a pandas DataFrame.",
  "anomalies": "The code reads from file paths provided as input; it prints error messages directly to stdout upon exceptions rather than raising or logging errors securely. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious behaviors are present. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is detected.",
  "analysis": "The script performs standard file reading operations, including reading Excel and CSV files via pandas, and JSON/JSONLD files via the json module. It employs recursive flattening for nested JSON structures, which is standard practice for handling hierarchical data. There is no evidence of malicious code, such as network activity, system modifications, or backdoors. Error handling is minimal, with error messages printed directly, but this does not pose a malicious threat. The overall approach is consistent with a legitimate data processing utility. No suspicious or malicious behaviors, such as hidden network communication, credential theft, or code injection, are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward data processing utility for transforming various data formats into a pandas DataFrame. It performs standard file I/O, JSON parsing, and data flattening without any signs of malicious intent or suspicious activity. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}