{
  "purpose": "This code implements a query builder for constructing database or API query strings with conditions, joins, and related queries. It facilitates dynamic query generation through class-based string concatenation.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to methods such as 'add_query', 'add_or_condition', 'add_join_query', and 'add_rl_query' serve as data sources, providing the components for query string construction.",
  "sinks": "The generated query strings are the primary output, which could be used in database or API requests. If inputs are untrusted, they could lead to injection vulnerabilities when incorporated into queries.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through class methods, building condition and query objects, which then generate string representations. These strings are assembled in 'generate_query' and related methods, forming the final query string.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code are present. The code relies on string concatenation without input sanitization, which could pose injection risks if inputs are malicious, but this is typical for query builders.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward, class-based query builder that constructs query strings from provided parameters. It does not perform any system calls, network operations, or code execution. The potential security concern is injection if inputs are untrusted, but there is no evidence of malicious intent or behavior. The code is well-structured, with clear class hierarchies and methods, and no obfuscation or malware indicators. The confidence in this assessment is high (0.9), given the simplicity and transparency of the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard query builder with no malicious behavior, obfuscation, or malware detected. The primary security consideration is ensuring input sanitization outside this module to prevent injection vulnerabilities. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.2–0.4 depending on context, with a conservative estimate of 0.4 to account for potential injection if inputs are maliciously crafted.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}