{
  "purpose": "This code provides statistical testing functions and classes for evaluating system performance in machine translation, including bootstrap and approximate randomization tests, and manages parallel execution of these tests.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables ('SACREBLEU_SEED'), system hypotheses, references, and metrics during execution. It also utilizes numpy's RNG with a seed from environment variables or default.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows into numpy RNG, which is used for resampling and shuffling. No direct data leaks, file access, or network operations are present. No evidence of writing or transmitting untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence RNG seed -> RNG generates bootstrap indices -> bootstrap and permutation resampling -> scores are computed from metrics -> results stored in Result objects. Data from system hypotheses and references flow into metric computations, with the results then used for significance testing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. The code predominantly performs statistical analysis and parallel process management. No suspicious or malicious behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines statistical testing functions with clear purposes: computing confidence intervals, p-values, and performing bootstrap and approximate randomization tests. It utilizes environment variables for RNG seeding, which is standard practice for reproducibility. Parallel processing via multiprocessing is implemented carefully, with fallback on Windows to avoid unsupported parallelism. There are no signs of malicious data transmission, system disruption, or backdoors. All data flows are legitimate for statistical evaluation purposes. No obfuscation techniques or malicious code structures are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of statistical significance testing for MT evaluation, with proper use of environment variables for seeding, parallel processing, and metrics computation. No malicious behavior or sabotage detected. It appears safe and legitimate for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}