{
  "purpose": "The code implements an asynchronous filesystem interface for Azure Blob Storage, providing operations such as listing, reading, writing, copying, deleting, and generating signed URLs for blobs. It manages credentials via environment variables or parameters and uses Azure SDK functions for storage interactions.",
  "sources": "Path parsing functions, credential retrieval from environment variables or parameters, SDK calls for blob and container operations, URL signing functions.",
  "sinks": "Standard SDK methods for blob upload, download, delete, and URL generation; no signs of data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious data flows.",
  "flows": "Input paths and credentials flow into SDK calls; data is read from or written to blobs; signed URLs are generated for access; no suspicious or malicious data exfiltration observed.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious logic detected. Credential handling appears standard. Use of URL signing is typical but should be managed securely.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, well-structured wrapper around Azure Blob Storage SDK, providing filesystem-like operations. Credential management is handled via environment variables and parameters, with no hardcoded secrets. The functions for listing, reading, writing, copying, and deleting blobs follow standard SDK patterns. Signed URL generation uses 'generate_blob_sas', a standard method, with no signs of misuse. No obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious logic are present. The code's data flows are typical for cloud storage SDKs, and no anomalies such as code injection or data leakage are evident. The overall design indicates a legitimate, secure SDK wrapper.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Azure Blob Storage filesystem abstraction with no signs of malware, obfuscation, or malicious activity. The use of SDK functions and credential handling aligns with standard practices. The main security considerations involve proper management of credentials and signed URLs, which are handled appropriately. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and security risk score is low (~0.2), consistent with benign SDK usage.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}