{
  "purpose": "The code provides a function to invoke a Snowflake-based LLM inference service to extract answers from text given a question.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments 'from_text' and 'question', which are either strings or Snowflake columns. It also imports functions and modules related to Snowflake sessions and telemetry.",
  "sinks": "The code calls 'call_sql_function', which likely executes SQL code within Snowflake, potentially handling untrusted input. The 'call_sql_function' is the main sink that could process untrusted data leading to security issues.",
  "flows": "Input arguments 'from_text' and 'question' flow into '_extract_answer_impl', which calls 'call_sql_function' with these inputs, passing through 'session'.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are evident. Usage of deprecated decorator and telemetry indicates standard logging and telemetry collection, not malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a public API 'extract_answer' which internally calls a private implementation '_extract_answer_impl'. Inputs are string or Snowpark column objects. The main function 'call_sql_function' is invoked with these inputs, which likely executes a SQL function on Snowflake. The code employs telemetry for usage tracking and deprecation warnings, which are standard practices. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious payloads, or suspicious data handling. The reliance on Snowflake's SDK and functions appears legitimate for a data processing pipeline. No hardcoded secrets or unusual code patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation for invoking a Snowflake SQL function to perform LLM inference tasks. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. It is a legitimate, telemetry-instrumented wrapper around a Snowflake SQL function call.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}