{
  "purpose": "The code provides a client-side abstraction for querying and interacting with Kubernetes-like API resources, including table representations, filtering, watching, and retrieving objects.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include URL parameters, API responses, and user-provided filter parameters. Specifically, the 'json' data from API responses and input parameters for filtering and querying.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include API request URLs, JSON data deserialization, and use of external network calls. Data is sent via HTTP GET requests, and JSON responses are processed and returned as objects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external API responses or user inputs through filtering or querying functions, with potential passage into JSON deserialization and object construction. No evident untrusted data flows into system-critical commands or code execution.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code. The code uses assert statements, but they are benign and for type validation. No backdoors or hidden functionalities are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard API client for resource querying with filtering, table output, and watching capabilities. It carefully constructs URLs, handles JSON responses, and provides abstractions for querying resources. It performs input validation for selectors and manages request caching. There are no signs of malicious code, such as data exfiltration, command injection, or backdoors. The only minor concern is the use of 'assert' for input validation, which is not security-critical. Overall, it appears to be a typical API client implementation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a straightforward client library for resource querying with no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not perform any harmful actions, data leaks, or malicious network activity. It appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}