{
  "purpose": "This code module is used to locate and load JSON resource files for different language processing modules, likely for linguistic or NLP purposes within a larger software package.",
  "sources": "The code reads data files via the get_file() function, which loads files from the package's data directory based on the Python version. It accesses JSON resource files named according to language-specific keys.",
  "sinks": "The data files are retrieved via resource filename methods and stored in dictionaries; there are no direct sinks involving untrusted input or external outputs. No data is transmitted or written to external systems.",
  "flows": "The get_file() function retrieves resource files based on the filename parameter; the loaded filenames are stored in language-specific dictionaries. No untrusted data flows from external sources into sensitive sinks within this code.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses version-dependent resource loading methods, but nothing unusual or suspicious is evident. There are no hardcoded secrets, dynamic code execution, or external network operations. No obfuscated code or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of functions to locate resource files within the package, conditioned on Python version, and dictionaries mapping language codes to resource filenames. No user input, environment variables, or external data sources are involved. The code performs standard package resource management without any suspicious or malicious logic. It does not perform any network operations, execute external commands, or handle sensitive data in a risky manner.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign resource loader for language data files, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It follows standard practices for handling package data files across Python versions. No malware or security threats are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}