{
  "purpose": "The code defines a configuration class for an API client, managing authentication, server settings, logging, and connection parameters.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration parameters such as host, API keys, username, password, access tokens, environment variables, and input parameters for server selection and credentials.",
  "sinks": "Sensitive data like API keys, basic auth tokens, and configuration parameters are stored and potentially used in HTTP headers for authentication. The code constructs authorization headers and manages connection settings.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (API keys, username/password, tokens) flow into methods that generate authorization headers and configuration attributes used during API requests. Server URL construction uses variables replaced in URL templates.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code behaviors such as code injection, network data exfiltration, or backdoors are detected. The code is standard for a configuration class, with no obfuscated or malicious patterns. No hardcoded secrets are present. Logging handlers and debug configurations are typical.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured configuration setup for an API client, including handling authentication methods, server URL generation with variable substitution, and logging configurations. It manages API keys, tokens, and user credentials securely within class attributes, with no signs of data leakage or malicious actions. The methods for generating headers and host URLs follow standard practices. The logging setup and debugging options are common and do not introduce security concerns. Overall, the code is well-structured and intended for client configuration without malicious intent or malicious code injection.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client configuration class with no malicious behavior, no signs of sabotage, and no security risks detected. It handles sensitive data properly within class attributes and generates appropriate headers for authentication. No suspicious or malicious patterns are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}