{
  "purpose": "This code appears to implement utility functions and a data structure for processing and evaluating object detection metrics, specifically related to intersection over union (IoU) calculations and object classification confidence scores.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include lists of numpy arrays, external function calls for validation and IoU calculations, and potentially input arrays from other modules or user data.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit data sinks that send untrusted data to external systems, network, or file systems. The code mainly processes data internally.",
  "flows": "Inputs (arrays of detection and ground truth boxes) are validated and processed through IoU calculations, sorting, and filtering. Results are encapsulated in data class instances; no data flows to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The import statement from '__future__' uses a non-standard feature name, which is a typical obfuscation or non-standard usage. The function and class names are nonsensical and appear obfuscated. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code contains complex, nested array manipulations and obscure variable names, which could be suspicious, but seem to serve legitimate metric calculations.",
  "analysis": "The code performs object detection evaluation metrics, including IoU-based filtering, confidence score calculations, and non-maximum suppression-like filtering. All external functions called seem related to validation and IoU calculations, which are standard in detection pipelines. No indications of network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The code is heavily obfuscated with non-descriptive names, but the operations are consistent with legitimate metric computations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a complex implementation of object detection evaluation functions, with obfuscated naming and some non-standard import usage. There are no signs of malicious behavior, network activity, or sabotage. It seems to serve a legitimate purpose related to object detection metrics, though its obfuscated style could be a concern if the context suggests malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}