{
  "purpose": "This code implements a set of functions and wrappers for integrating Datahub lineage and metadata tracking into Apache Airflow tasks, including callbacks for task success, failure, and retry, as well as pre-execution hooks and task policy modifications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from task objects (task.inlets, task.outlets, task.on_failure_callback, task.on_success_callback, task.on_retry_callback), context variables (context['_datahub_config'], context['ti'], context['dag'], context['dag_run'])), and environment configurations via get_lineage_config().",
  "sinks": "The code emits data to Datahub via emitted MCPs (metadata change proposals) using emitter objects; it also logs information and exceptions. No data is written to files or external systems directly other than through the Datahub emitter.",
  "flows": "Data flows from task objects and context to Datahub through functions like datahub_task_status_callback, datahub_pre_execution, and the callback wrappers that intercept task events. Task status updates trigger emissions of metadata, and callbacks are wrapped to include Datahub tracking.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials or suspicious hardcoded secrets. The code dynamically imports and wraps existing Airflow callbacks, which is standard practice. The only minor concern could be the use of print statements for exception logging, which is not best practice but not malicious. The code uses suppression of ImportError and manipulates task callback properties without validation, but these are not inherently malicious behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code enhances Airflow tasks with Datahub lineage and metadata tracking by wrapping callbacks and adding pre-execution hooks. It reads task dependencies and context data, and emits structured metadata. All data interactions are with Datahub's emitter and configuration objects, with no external network or system modifications outside expected logging and emission. The code does not include any network communications, file modifications, or hidden processes. The use of dynamic imports and attribute manipulation appears to be for compatibility and plugin integration, not malicious intent. No suspicious patterns such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful payloads are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate integration layer for Datahub lineage in Airflow, focusing on metadata tracking and callback management. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It mainly interacts with Datahub APIs and Airflow internals for monitoring purposes. Overall, the code appears safe with a low malware risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}