{
  "purpose": "This code provides integrations between Apache Airflow and Datahub for lineage tracking, including callback wrapping, task policy setting, and event emission for task success, failure, and retry events.",
  "sources": "Data is read from Airflow task contexts, task attributes (e.g., on_failure_callback, on_success_callback, on_retry_callback), and external modules like airflow, datahub, and lineage configurations.",
  "sinks": "Emissions to Datahub via hooks and emitters, potentially transmitting metadata and task status data. Callback functions that may log or process task states.",
  "flows": "Sources include task context data and callback functions, flowing into Datahub emitter calls during task status events (success, failure, retry). Callback wrappers invoke Datahub status updates during task lifecycle events.",
  "anomalies": "The code predominantly handles lineage tracking and callback wrapping; no suspicious hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or hidden network communications are evident. Use of dynamic import_string and structure may be complex but are standard for plugin architectures.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly focuses on integrating Datahub lineage tracking with Airflow tasks by wrapping existing callbacks and setting policies. It reads task state, context, and configuration data, then emits lineage metadata via Datahub hooks and generators. No signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or backdoors. The use of emitters and hooks appears to serve legitimate metadata tracking functions. No hardcoded credentials or insecure data handling is present. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, well-structured plugin for lineage tracking, with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate plugin for Airflow and Datahub integration designed to track lineage and task statuses. No malicious or suspicious behavior was identified. The overall security risk is minimal, mainly involving normal metadata emission functions. No signs of malware, data leaks, or sabotage were detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}