{
  "purpose": "The code is a setup script that includes an obfuscated parameter name and a base64-like string assigned to it, with standard dependencies. The purpose appears to be package configuration, but the unusual parameter suggests possible obfuscation or hidden intent.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the parameter assignment to 'FFOgDOdhMxTbagGbSGbAxfQZNYKxphgZ' and the dependencies listed in 'install_requires'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the parameter 'FFOgDOdhMxTbagGbSGbAxfQZNYKxphgZ' if processed dynamically elsewhere, which could lead to code execution, secret retrieval, or malicious behavior if used improperly.",
  "flows": "The string assigned to the parameter may be decoded or processed elsewhere, potentially leading to code execution or secret extraction, but within this snippet, no such flow is demonstrated.",
  "anomalies": "The presence of a nonsensical, obfuscated parameter name and a base64-like string assigned to it, which is not a standard argument for 'setup()'. The string appears encoded or obfuscated, raising suspicion.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard setup script with an unusual, obfuscated parameter. The parameter name and value are suspicious but not inherently malicious. The dependencies are normal. The obfuscation suggests concealment, but no active malicious activity is evident within this snippet. The low malware score (around 0.2) is justified due to the lack of evidence of malicious behavior. The high obfuscation score (around 0.75) reflects suspicion. The moderate risk score (~0.4) accounts for potential concealment but no confirmed threat.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains obfuscated elements that warrant caution but shows no direct evidence of malicious activity. The suspicious parameter and string could be benign or malicious depending on their usage elsewhere. The scores are consistent with the analysis, and further investigation into the parameter's purpose is recommended.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}