{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be part of a debugging or tracing tool for Python, capturing and formatting execution events, highlighting source code, and providing detailed runtime information.",
  "sources": "Sources include: 'ast', 'executing', 'opcode', 'pygments', 'threading', 'traceback', 'collections', 'datetime', and 'snoop.utils'. The code reads source code, frame information, and event arguments.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include: source code highlighting, event formatting, variable inspection, and printing formatted debugging information to the terminal. No direct data leaks or system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from source code and frame info into event objects, then into formatting functions which produce output strings for display. The flow is primarily for debugging purposes; no external network or system modifications are performed.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive code formatting, syntax highlighting, and debug event management; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are detected. No obfuscation or unusual language features are used. No malicious network activity, file modifications, or stealth behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured around debugging, tracing, and source code presentation, using standard libraries and well-known third-party modules for syntax highlighting and AST parsing. It captures execution frames and events, formats source code with highlights, and displays detailed runtime info. No malicious logic, network communication, or data exfiltration is present. The code appears to be a debugging utility designed for development or diagnostic purposes, not malware. Its complexity and use of standard libraries do not indicate malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a debugging and source visualization tool with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain security threats. It solely formats and presents runtime and source information for debugging, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}