{
  "purpose": "The code appears to process and visualize data, likely for some biological or analytical purpose, involving data transformation and plotting.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'adat_in' DataFrame, specifically from selected columns provided as function parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code performs plotting using 'sc.pl.scatter' and modifies the plot's axes and legend, but does not write data externally or execute external commands.",
  "flows": "Data from 'adat_in' flows into internal variables, undergoes transformations (logarithmic scaling, min/max calculations), and is used in visualization functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The function and variable names are obfuscated, which could be for obfuscation or protection of intellectual property, but this alone is not malicious. No suspicious network activity, file operations, or external code execution are present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard scientific libraries and performs data selection, transformation, and plotting. The 'utils' import is a relative import, but the referenced class/function is not used within the provided code. Data is copied and log-transformed with standard NumPy functions. Axis limits are set based on computed min/max values with a slight margin. The plotting involves standard visualization routines with no indication of malicious or obfuscated behavior. No external network, file, or system commands are invoked, and no sensitive data handling (like credentials or secrets) is evident. The obfuscation of variable and function names might be to hide the purpose, but no malicious activity is observable.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data processing and visualization routine with obfuscated identifiers. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The obfuscation could be for intellectual property protection rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}