{
  "purpose": "This code provides a monitoring and health check interface for the WhiteBit MCP server, including endpoints for health status, metrics, circuit breakers, caches, and rate limiter status.",
  "sources": "Data is read from registered check functions, metrics collectors, circuit breakers, caches, and the rate limiter. The code registers and executes callback functions for monitoring.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include returning status information through the MCP tools, which could expose internal system states. However, no external network communication or sensitive data exfiltration is present.",
  "flows": "Inputs from registered check functions, metrics, circuit breakers, caches, and rate limiter status flow into the MCP tool responses sent to clients; no untrusted data flow is evident beyond monitoring data presentation.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious behavior are present. The code utilizes standard patterns for health monitoring and exposes no hidden or obfuscated functions.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a monitoring server class with several registered tools that report system health, metrics, circuit breaker status, cache states, and rate limiter status. It includes a health check system that periodically runs registered check functions, logging errors if any checks fail. The functions called for monitoring (e.g., get_metrics_collector, get_all_circuit_breakers, get_all_caches, get_rate_limiter) are imported and are assumed to be safe. No suspicious code, data leakage, or malicious activities are detected. The code does not include any external network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection points. It appears to be a standard, legitimate monitoring setup.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard monitoring implementation for a server environment. It registers various health and status checks and exposes them via a FastMCP interface. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, data leaks, or suspicious code. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}