{
  "purpose": "This code implements a simple WebSocket server with serving static files and broadcasting messages to connected clients.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the file system in serve_file() via open(path). It also reads environment variables indirectly through the 'environ' parameter, which is typical for WSGI applications.",
  "sinks": "The code sends messages to WebSocket clients via socket.send() in the send() method. It also reads files to serve static content.",
  "flows": "Input from environment ('environ' dict) can lead to file reading in serve_file(); data read from files is sent over WebSocket sockets in send(). The flow is from 'environ' and file reads to socket.send().",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, malicious backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded secrets are evident. Use of 'assert message is None' for checking received message is unusual but not malicious. Exception handling is minimal but not suspicious. The code does not perform any network connections to unknown domains or data exfiltration activities. No obfuscation is present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a WebSocket server with static file serving and client message broadcasting. It spawns greenlets for concurrent socket receive and send operations. No indications of malicious behavior such as data theft, system compromise, or covert channels are present. The code relies on external WebsocketServer library and standard Python modules. The logic flow is normal, with proper socket management and error handling. There are no signs of obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious injections. Overall, it functions as a benign WebSocket application.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a standard WebSocket server with static file serving and message broadcasting. No malicious or suspicious behaviors are detected. The security risk appears low, with no evidence of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}