{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebSocket server with an HTTP fallback serving static files, and manages multiple WebSocket connections for real-time messaging.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from environment variables ('PATH_INFO', 'websocket'), socket.receive() method, and file system (open(path)).",
  "sinks": "The code sends data via socket.send(), outputs to console via print, and reads files from disk. It also writes HTTP responses with start_response.",
  "flows": "Input from environment variables and socket.receive() flows to socket.send() for outgoing messages; file content flows from disk read to HTTP response; server loop initiates socket handling.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'assert message is None' after socket.receive(), which could raise an AssertionError if a message is received. There are no obvious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Exception handling is broad but not suspicious. No external network connections other than the WebSocket server are present. No code obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a WebSocket server with a shared pool for managing concurrent clients. It serves static files, replacing placeholders with a PORT variable, and manages WebSocket connections by spawning receive handlers. The update method periodically broadcasts messages to all connected clients. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are evident. Exception handling is broad but typical for server code, with no indication of data exfiltration or command injection. The use of 'assert message is None' could cause unintended termination if a message is received, but this is not malicious. Overall, the code performs typical server functions without malicious intent or malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard WebSocket server implementation managing real-time communication and static file serving. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected. It appears to be legitimate server code with no evident security issues.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}