{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to interact with the UN COMTRADE API, fetching metadata, reference lists, and country data for analysis or further processing.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as subscription_key, category, countryIsoCode, and eLIYENNMEdAjNyWpLLaIOoJREkbblGXN (proxy URL). Data is also retrieved from external URLs via HTTP requests.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to external URLs; potential for data leakage or malicious data exfiltration if untrusted data is sent or received. No direct sinks for untrusted data within the code, but external requests are key points.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters to API requests; responses are parsed and sometimes filtered or merged. No evident insecure data flow from untrusted sources to critical sinks. The functions mainly perform data retrieval and filtering.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Usage of dynamic URL construction is standard for API access. Proxy management is conditional but appears benign. The code uses verbose and obscure variable names, which could be obfuscation or an attempt to hide intent, but there's no clear malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code performs HTTP GET requests to specific UN COMTRADE endpoints, processing JSON responses. Proxy management is implemented to optionally route traffic through a proxy server. Data is normalized and filtered with pandas. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are evident. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful system modifications. The variable names are intentionally obfuscated, which may reduce readability but doesn't imply malicious intent. The network interactions are for legitimate data retrieval purposes, and no suspicious payloads or commands are present. The exception handling only catches request errors and logs them, not executing any malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate data-fetching utility interfacing with UN APIs. Although the variable naming is intentionally obscure, there is no indication of malicious activity or sabotage. The primary security concern could be untrusted external requests, but no harmful behavior is evident. Proxy handling is standard and optional. Overall, the code is benign but somewhat obfuscated in style.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}