{
  "purpose": "The code appears to fetch and process data from various public APIs related to the UN Comtrade database, including metadata, reference lists, and country data, and performs data normalization and filtering operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from external URLs via HTTP GET requests, specifically from https://comtradeapi.un.org/ and a JSON reference file from the UN site. It also takes input parameters for filtering data.",
  "sinks": "Data fetched from URLs are parsed and normalized within the code. No untrusted data is directly written to files or network destinations. The code does not execute untrusted input directly.",
  "flows": "Sources are the external URL requests; data is fetched, parsed, and processed into pandas DataFrames. The functions return filtered or normalized data frames based on internal filtering logic.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. No suspicious or malicious code patterns such as dynamic execution, backdoors, or data exfiltration are detected. The URL endpoints and data handling are consistent with legitimate API interactions. The code is somewhat obfuscated in variable names but does not appear malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code securely retrieves data from official public APIs without executing any untrusted code or using unsafe practices. It filters data based on parameters and handles errors gracefully with try-except blocks. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The variable names are intentionally obscure, but the operations are straightforward API calls, JSON parsing, and data normalization. No malicious behaviors, such as system manipulation or stealth data theft, are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate data retrieval and processing script designed to interface with UN Comtrade APIs. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It primarily performs data fetching, normalization, and filtering in a controlled manner.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}