{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and classes for parsing and identifying AWS event sources, extracting event metadata, and generating tags for monitoring or logging purposes within serverless or Lambda environments.",
  "sources": "Data is read from event dictionaries (e.g., 'event', 'requestContext', 'Records', 'detail', 'awslogs', 'headers') and from the 'context' object (e.g., 'invoked_function_arn'). The code also reads base64-encoded logs, gzip streams, and JSON payloads.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data such as ARNs, domain names, log data, request paths, and headers are processed. No direct data leakage mechanisms are present. No code injection points are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input event dicts and context objects into various parsing functions that extract ARNs, event source types, and tags. No untrusted data is used in a way that executes code or writes to files. Data transformation involves decoding base64, decompressing gzip streams, and JSON parsing, but no malicious injection or command execution is detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive parsing of event data with multiple conditional branches; however, all logic appears to be standard event parsing and metadata extraction. The import of 'base64' within a function (detect_cloudwatch_logs) is unconventional but not malicious. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. There are no obfuscation or malicious code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically identifies AWS event sources, extracts relevant ARNs, and creates tags for observability. It uses standard libraries for decoding base64 and gzip data, and parses JSON logs. The functions are designed for safe data extraction; no dangerous operations such as code execution, network connections, or data exfiltration are found. The only minor concern is the dynamic import of 'base64' inside a function, which is a stylistic choice rather than malicious. Overall, the logic is consistent with standard event handling in AWS Lambda environments, with no indication of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign and intended for AWS Lambda event processing and metadata extraction. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms. The structure and logic are typical for observability tooling in serverless setups. The malware score is very low, and the security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}