{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and classes for processing AWS Lambda trigger events, including parsing event sources, extracting metadata, and handling different AWS event types.",
  "sources": "Event data is read from event dictionaries passed into functions such as 'parse_event_source', 'get_event_source_arn', 'extract_http_tags', and 'is_step_function_event'. It accesses fields like 'Records', 'requestContext', 'detail', 'awslogs', 'headers', and others.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive information could be exposed if event details or resource ARNs are logged or returned, such as 'eventSourceArn', 'logGroup', 'distributionId', and other resource identifiers. However, there is no evidence of writing to external systems, network communication, or data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "The code reads event data from input dictionaries (sources), processes and extracts specific fields, and constructs resource ARNs or tags (sinks). The flow involves parsing event types, extracting ARNs, and generating tags, with no evidence of untrusted data leading to system commands or external calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation are present. The code performs standard event parsing and resource identification. No unusual code constructs, dynamic code execution, or misleading variable names are observed. Base64 and gzip are used for decompressing logs but in a legitimate manner.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically identifies AWS Lambda event sources and resource ARNs, handles various AWS event types, and extracts metadata for monitoring purposes. It employs safe parsing techniques, with no external system interactions, no dynamic code execution, or suspicious behavior. Functions like 'detect_lambda_function_url_domain' and 'parse_event_source_arn' process data in standard ways. The use of base64 and gzip for decompressing logs is consistent with AWS log data handling. There are no signs of malicious intent or security risks beyond normal event processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility module for parsing AWS Lambda trigger events and extracting metadata. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It performs standard event parsing and resource extraction tasks with proper handling of data. Overall, the code is benign with no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}