{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to parse and classify AWS Lambda trigger events, extract relevant metadata and ARNs, and provide tagging for observability purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from event dictionaries, request context, headers, and gzip/base64-encoded logs; accesses event record fields and environment context variables.",
  "sinks": "Generates ARN strings, log data, and tag dictionaries. Uses potentially untrusted event data to construct resource identifiers and log content.",
  "flows": "Event input → parse_event_source/parse_event_source_arn/extract_http_tags → generate tags and ARNs → potentially used in monitoring/alerting/logging systems.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code does contain standard AWS resource parsing but no malicious patterns. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic execution is evident. Log processing involves base64 decoding and gzip decompression, which is standard for CloudWatch logs but should be carefully checked for malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a utility to interpret AWS trigger events, extracting event source types, ARNs, and HTTP metadata for observability. It uses standard libraries and AWS resource conventions. The log data parsing uses base64 and gzip, which is typical for CloudWatch logs but warrants caution if logs are untrusted. No hardcoded credentials, network connections, or suspicious behavior are detected. The code handles event parsing logically without malicious intent. The structure and content are consistent with an event-processing library, and there are no indicators of obfuscation or malware. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard AWS event parser with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It responsibly interprets event data, extracts resource identifiers, and generates metadata for observability. There are no suspicious or malicious patterns identified. It is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}