{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of filters for geospatial queries using Django REST Framework and GeoDjango, including bounding box filters, tile-based filters, distance filters, and ordering filters.",
  "sources": "Input sources include request.query_params for parameters such as 'in_bbox', 'tile', 'dist', and 'point'. It reads data from URL query parameters supplied by users.",
  "sinks": "Data is used in Django ORM filter methods, constructing query expressions like 'bboverlaps', 'contained', 'dwithin', and 'distance'. These are standard ORM filters; no direct data leaks or dangerous system interactions are present.",
  "flows": "User-supplied query parameters flow into filter functions, which parse and validate them, then are used in ORM filters to limit or order querysets. No untrusted data is executed or processed beyond ORM filtering.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. The code relies on standard Django and DRF components. The only potential concern is the conversion of distances into degrees, which is mathematically acceptable, not malicious. No suspicious external network calls or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several filter classes that handle user input for geospatial filtering. Input validation is performed with try-except blocks; exceptions raise ParseError, which is appropriate for input validation errors. The use of ORM filters is standard and safe. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected. The code maintains proper separation of input processing and query construction, with no indications of malicious behavior. The only possible concern is that the distance-to-degree conversion is approximate but not malicious; it is documented and mathematically sound. No hidden backdoors, obfuscated code, or suspicious external dependencies are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of geospatial filters for a Django application. It performs input validation and constructs ORM filters without executing untrusted code or performing malicious actions. No indicators of malware or malicious intent are detected. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}