{
  "purpose": "The code provides Django GIS filters for spatial queries, including bounding box, tile, and distance filters, intended for use with REST framework APIs.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from request.query_params for parameters such as 'in_bbox', 'tile', 'dist', and 'point'. It also imports external libraries and modules.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted input could potentially be used in filter queries, but there are no direct data leaks or code execution points; the main concern is malformed input affecting query behavior.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are fetched from request.query_params, parsed, and used to generate spatial query filters (e.g., polygons, points). These filters are applied to queryset using Django ORM filtering.",
  "anomalies": "The code processes spatial input data (bounding box, tile, point, distance) but does not include hardcoded credentials or obvious malicious code. No obfuscation or hidden backdoors are detected. The only dynamic parts are input parsing and filter application, which are standard.",
  "analysis": "The code implements spatial filtering mechanisms for Django REST APIs, including bbox, tile, and distance filters. Input parsing involves converting string parameters into floats or integers with proper error handling via ParseError. No suspicious code injections, data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors are detected. Use of third-party libraries like django_filters and django.contrib.gis is standard. There are no signs of malware or malicious intent. The input handling and filtering logic are straightforward and align with expected GIS query practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of spatial filters for Django REST APIs. There are no indications of malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities. The code correctly handles input validation and applies GIS filters without dangerous or malicious code patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}