{
  "purpose": "The code manages notebook parameters by reading a sample notebook, extracting parameters, modifying them, and executing the resulting code via exec() to set variable values.",
  "sources": "Reading the notebook file with nbformat.read; extracting parameters; the source code of the parameter cell used in exec()",
  "sinks": "The exec() call executing the notebook cell source code, which can run arbitrary code",
  "flows": "Extracted parameters are used to generate code in the cell source, which is then executed via exec() to assign variables in the namespace",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on notebook cell source code, which could be malicious if the notebook content is untrusted; no obfuscation or malicious code detected",
  "analysis": "The code reads a notebook file, extracts parameters, modifies parameter values, and executes the parameter cell source code with exec(). The primary security concern is the use of exec() on potentially untrusted code, which can execute malicious instructions. No malicious code or obfuscation is present; the code appears to be a controlled test environment. The use of exec() is inherently risky if the notebook content is untrusted, but in this context, it is standard practice. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is detected. The security risk score is moderate (around 0.4 to 0.6), reflecting the danger of executing external code. Confidence in this assessment is high (around 0.8 to 0.9).",
  "conclusion": "The code is a test suite for parameter extraction and modification in notebooks. The main security concern is the use of exec() on notebook cell source code, which can be exploited if the notebook is malicious. No malware or obfuscation is present. The scores assigned are appropriate given the context. In a real-world scenario with untrusted notebooks, the risk would be higher, but in this controlled environment, the current scores are justified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}