{
  "purpose": "The code retrieves the path to the 'cacert.pem' certificate bundle from the 'certifi' package, adapting its method based on the Python version for compatibility.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'cacert.pem' file from the 'certifi' package resources or local directory. It accesses package resource files using importlib.resources or filesystem paths, depending on Python version.",
  "sinks": "The code reads the certificate file content and returns it as a string. It does not write or send data externally.",
  "flows": "Source: Reading 'cacert.pem' from package resources or local file -> sink: Returning file path or content as string.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic resource access methods based on Python version; registration of cleanup function via atexit. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code behavior detected. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs. All functions perform straightforward file path retrieval or reading.",
  "analysis": "The script handles retrieval of the 'cacert.pem' certificate file from the 'certifi' package, with different implementations depending on Python version. It registers a cleanup function that calls '__exit__' on an undefined variable, which appears to be a no-op or placeholder, but does not pose a clear malicious risk. The code uses standard library functions to access package resources or local files. There are no signs of malware, data leakage, code injection, or suspicious behavior. The logic is transparent and typical for environment setup or dependency management. No obfuscated code or backdoors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for obtaining the CA certificate bundle from the 'certifi' package, adapting to different Python environments. It contains no malicious or suspicious behavior, no hardcoded secrets, and performs straightforward resource access. The registration of a cleanup function that calls an undefined variable appears benign but unnecessary. Overall, the code is safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}