{
  "purpose": "Custom widget for image uploading and processing within a Django form, including handling file uploads, rendering media, and managing image formsets.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from form submissions (e.g., image files, form data), environment variables via default_storage.url.",
  "sinks": "Calls default_storage.url for file URL generation; outputs HTML and media references for rendering widgets.",
  "flows": "Form data and files flow from user input through validation and processing functions, leading to storage URL generation and widget rendering.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual variable and method names suggesting obfuscation; no hardcoded credentials; no evident malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration. Usage of standard Django storage and form methods.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom Django widget class with several methods for handling file uploads and rendering. The class includes methods for generating file URLs, processing image uploads, and rendering media assets. All functions utilize standard Django APIs and libraries with no signs of dynamic code execution, obfuscated logic, or malicious payloads. Variable naming appears intentionally obscure, but that alone is insufficient to mark malicious intent. The code performs typical file handling, widget rendering, and media inclusion for a form widget, with no evidence of malware or malicious behavior. The storage access via default_storage.url is standard practice in Django. There are no indications of malicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious external connections.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard, albeit obfuscated, implementation of a custom image upload widget in Django. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks. The obfuscation seems to be for obscurity rather than malicious intent. No malware, backdoors, or malicious data flows are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}