{
  "purpose": "The code appears to perform statistical analysis and data visualization, including linear regression and t-tests on input data, likely for data analysis or research purposes.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to functions such as 'daily_hours', 'weekly_hours', 'BKNiCuKwiECjVzCRZKsOhmmSMpMerUtb', 'KtDzMQwWrArkpdyoVQmHDACsryzImIFN', 'data', 'x', and 'sKFlDsLSyWqjKnjXQCKiHUUUqVcnxqmk', which are used for calculations, statistical tests, and visualizations.",
  "sinks": "Function 'VDITBkpVXtwOiJFqHexovtvPPkIWZrjf' displays a scatter plot; 'IouhDrqtFwMshaoTZdRXmkFcaOOmHQpZ' performs a regression fit and returns the model object. No data is written to external systems or files; outputs are visualizations and model objects.",
  "flows": "Data inputs flow into simple arithmetic functions, statistical tests, visualization functions, and regression fitting functions. No complex or suspicious data flows involving untrusted sources to sinks are present.",
  "anomalies": "Function names and variable names are obfuscated or nonsensical, which is unusual. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are detected. No use of dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code features observed.",
  "analysis": "The code uses well-known libraries for statistical analysis and visualization. The functions perform basic data manipulations: scaling hours, performing t-tests, plotting scatter plots, and fitting linear regression models. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident. The obfuscated function and variable names are likely meant to hide the intent but do not demonstrate malicious activity. No network activity, data exfiltration, or harmful commands are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical data analysis script with obfuscated naming. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The obfuscation is likely for concealment rather than malicious intent. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}