{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement basic statistical and data visualization functions, possibly for data analysis tasks involving regression, t-tests, and plotting.",
  "sources": "Data inputs to functions such as 'KAQceUgzjbGBlezsrXveDnuvlNWcQRZf', 'bodGVKOUkDDzhkmuRCsZElHKVyZysLyg', 'VDITBkpVXtwOiJFqHexovtvPPkIWZrjf', and 'IouhDrqtFwMshaoTZdRXmkFcaOOmHQpZ.",
  "sinks": "The code does not appear to write data to external locations, send data over networks, or execute any system commands. It mainly performs computations and visualizations within the application.",
  "flows": "Inputs are processed through the functions, with outputs either returned (e.g., t-test results, regression models) or visualized (scatter plots). No external data flow to untrusted sources or sinks is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The function names are obfuscated, which could be an attempt to hide purpose. No hardcoded credentials, malicious system commands, or suspicious network activity are present. The code seems standard for statistical analysis.",
  "analysis": "The code imports multiple scientific libraries and defines several functions: two simple scaling functions, a t-test wrapper, a scatter plot function, and a linear regression function. Function names are obfuscated but do not perform any malicious activity. The data flow involves data being passed into functions and results being either returned or visualized locally. There are no signs of data exfiltration, network activity, or system manipulation. The obfuscation might suggest attempts at hiding intent but does not inherently imply malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the static analysis, the code performs standard data analysis operations with no evidence of malicious behavior. The obfuscated function names are suspicious but do not indicate malicious intent by themselves. Overall, the code appears safe and does not pose security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}