{
  "purpose": "The code defines data structures, type annotations, and configuration schemas for a system that interacts with databases, OAuth2 authentication, and data visualization. It appears to be part of a larger project focused on data handling, security, and API responses.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include data passed via OAuth2 configurations (client ID, secret, redirect URIs), data structures for database schemas, query results, and request/response objects.",
  "targets": "Potential targets include sensitive information like OAuth2 secrets and tokens, database schema details, and response data. Possible data leaks could occur if secrets or tokens are mishandled.",
  "flows": "OAuth2 configuration data (id, secret, redirect_uri) could flow into network requests if used insecurely. OAuth tokens may be exchanged or stored, and data structures could be serialized/deserialized in insecure contexts. No explicit code indicates data transmission or storage, only definitions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code such as backdoors, obfuscated code, or code injection is present. Sensitive fields like 'secret' and 'access_token' are defined, but their mere presence is not malicious. No hardcoded credentials or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily composed of TypedDict classes and type annotations defining data schemas for OAuth2, database columns, query results, and API responses. It does not include logic, data processing, or network operations. There are no apparent security flaws or malicious behaviors. The presence of secrets in type definitions does not imply insecure usage but warrants careful handling when instantiated. Overall, this code appears to be standard data structure definitions, not malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of data schemas for configuration and data handling within a larger system. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. It is a standard, non-executable part of an application. Proper handling of sensitive fields is recommended but not inherently insecure.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}