{
  "purpose": "The code manages electrode configurations, YAML file operations, and stimulation pattern generation for neural interface modeling. It handles reading, writing, and deleting electrode configuration files, as well as generating electrode positions and stimulation patterns.",
  "sources": "File operations such as reading YAML configuration files, copying, and deleting electrode files; data processing routines involving electrode position and configuration data; user input through YAML files and function parameters.",
  "sinks": "File deletion routines that remove electrode configuration files based on electrode names; loading YAML files with 'yaml.load' which can be unsafe if input is untrusted; potential overwriting or manipulation of configuration data; no network or remote code activity observed.",
  "flows": "Reading YAML files as input sources; loading data into internal structures; processing electrode positions and configurations; writing back configuration files; deleting files based on electrode names; no network or system command flows detected.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'yaml.load' without safe loader, which can be unsafe; obfuscated variable and function names designed to hide intent; routines that delete configuration files based on electrode names; suspicious method names and inconsistent use of 'np.random' functions; complex control flow and variable handling that obscure the code's purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily functions as a configuration management tool for electrode models, with routines to load, save, and delete electrode configuration files. It uses obfuscated variable names and functions, which complicate understanding but do not inherently indicate malicious intent. The use of 'yaml.load' without explicit safety measures is a red flag, as it can lead to code execution if untrusted YAML files are loaded. The deletion routines ('jebkCaOIIFmxRzRJvhSCcxbFCaHyKFej') that remove files based on electrode names could be exploited maliciously to delete critical files. The code does not show network activity, remote command execution, or data exfiltration, which are typical malware indicators. The overall structure suggests configuration management with potential misuse vectors, especially if used improperly or with malicious input.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a configuration management utility for electrode models, with obfuscated code and routines that could be misused for malicious purposes, such as deleting configuration files. No active malware behavior like network exfiltration or remote code execution is evident. The main concerns are the unsafe YAML loading and destructive file operations, which justify a moderate malware and security risk score. The obfuscation level is moderate to high, but the code does not exhibit active malicious activity. Overall, it is a tool that could be exploited if misused, but in its current form, it is not actively malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}