{
  "purpose": "This code provides a customizable object printing and debugging utility with features such as formatted output, color support, JSON serialization, and formatter registration.",
  "sources": "Reads include user input via function calls, object attributes via dir() and getattr(), inspect for call stack info, and configuration parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data could be exposed if objects contain secrets; however, no explicit data leaks or transmission mechanisms are present. No unsafe code execution points are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through object serialization (objjson), string formatting (_objstr), and output functions (print). Configuration influences output formatting but does not affect data handling.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or hardcoded secrets detected. The code performs standard introspection, string manipulation, and JSON serialization. No obfuscated patterns or suspicious functions are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, comprehensive object introspection utility with features for pretty-printing, JSON serialization, custom formatter registration, and colorized output. It uses safe Python standard library functions and patterns. No signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, backdoors, or unsafe code execution are detected. The code does not handle or transmit sensitive data maliciously, nor does it contain obfuscated code. It adheres to typical debugging and logging practices, with configurability and extensibility. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate utility module for debugging and logging with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-implemented debugging utility with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs introspection, serialization, and formatted output without transmitting or exposing data maliciously. The security risk is minimal, and there are no indicators of malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}