{
  "purpose": "The code implements a customizable object printing and debugging utility with features like color formatting, JSON serialization, custom type formatters, and detailed object introspection.",
  "sources": "Reads input objects via function parameters, retrieves call stack info via inspect.currentframe(), accesses object attributes, calls methods, uses json.dumps(), and reads object __dict__ attributes.",
  "sinks": "Outputs data through print (sys.stdout), calls json.dumps(), and generates formatted strings for display. No direct sinks for untrusted data, but print statements could reveal internal data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input objects and call stack info into formatting functions, potentially through custom formatters or serialization, then outputs via print. No external network or file data access observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard libraries and practices, with no obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution. No external network connections, no data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a detailed, configurable object inspection utility with features such as custom formatters, JSON serialization, and colored output. It reads input data primarily via function parameters and call stack inspection. It outputs formatted representations to standard output, with no indications of malicious behavior or data leakage mechanisms. The usage of json.dumps() and attribute access appears safe and standard. No anomalies or malicious code segments are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured debugging utility designed for object inspection with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It does not perform network operations, data exfiltration, or system damage. Its purpose is for debugging and visualization.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}