{
  "purpose": "This module provides an interface for interacting with the WalkScore API, retrieving location-based scores such as WalkScore, TransitScore, and BikeScore.",
  "sources": "Environment variable 'WALKSCORE_API_KEY' for API key; user inputs for latitude, longitude, and optional address; configuration inputs for proxy, max_retries, http_client.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to the WalkScore API endpoint; potential storage or handling of API key in memory; use of environment variables; network requests via the http_client object.",
  "flows": "The API key source flows from environment variables or input parameter to the api_key property. User inputs (latitude, longitude, address) flow through validators into the request parameters. These parameters are then sent via HTTP request to the API endpoint, with responses processed and returned as LocationScore objects.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'http' instead of 'https' for the base URL, potentially exposing data in transit. No hardcoded credentials or secrets found. The code dynamically retrieves API key from environment or parameter. Proxy configuration directly sets the http_client.proxy, which is standard. No suspicious obfuscated code or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes with environment variable support for API key, which is standard. It constructs request parameters and makes HTTP requests through a configurable http_client, with retry logic. The use of 'http' rather than 'https' for the API URL may expose sensitive data in transit, but it does not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present; API keys are retrieved from environment or input. The method 'get_score' validates input parameters and constructs request parameters securely. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, network connections to malicious domains, or backdoors are evident. The code does not perform obfuscated or unnecessary dynamic code execution.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward API wrapper for WalkScore with standard input validation and environment variable handling. No malicious activity, backdoors, or sabotage indicators are present. The only concern is the use of 'http' instead of 'https', which could lead to insecure transmission, but this is likely a configuration issue rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}