{
  "purpose": "This module provides a Python class for interacting with the WalkScore API to retrieve walk, transit, and bike scores for given locations.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (WALKSCORE_API_KEY, BACKOFF_DEFAULT_TRIES), input parameters (api_key, latitude, longitude, address, max_retries), and configuration attributes (proxy, http_client).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include making HTTP requests via the http_client.request and request_with_retries methods, which send data over the network. The api_key is used in requests, which could be sensitive if exposed. No other data leaks or sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Sources (environment variables and input parameters) flow into request parameter construction, particularly the api_key and coordinates, which then flow into HTTP request methods (request/request_with_retries). Responses are processed by check_for_errors and parsed into LocationScore objects.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no obfuscated code or unusual language features. The only notable point is the use of the environment variable for the API key, which is standard practice. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are present. The proxy property updates the http_client.proxy, which is expected behavior. The method for building request parameters is straightforward. There is no indication of malicious intent such as data exfiltration or system compromise.",
  "analysis": "The module securely retrieves the API key from environment variables if not provided directly. It uses a configurable HTTP client to perform network requests, with options for proxies and retries. The get_score method validates input, constructs request parameters, and makes network calls to the external API. The response handling checks for errors and converts data into LocationScore objects. No suspicious code, malicious backdoors, or data leaks are detected. The code follows standard patterns for API interaction without obfuscated or malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It safely handles sensitive data, performs network requests, and processes responses securely. No malware or malicious intent is evident. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}