{
  "purpose": "The code provides custom JSON formatters for Python logging, primarily aimed at structured logging for various application components including web and request logs.",
  "sources": "Reading configuration from json_logging module; reading log record attributes and extra properties; accessing request and response objects in request logs.",
  "sinks": "Outputs JSON-formatted log strings; potential to include untrusted data from log record attributes, request, and response objects.",
  "flows": "Log record attributes are collected and processed in '_get_extra_fields'; these flow into '_format_log_object'; then formatted as JSON string for output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected. No suspicious network or system actions are present. The code appears to be standard logging infrastructure.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple custom JSON log formatters that extend Python's logging.Formatter, incorporating application-specific metadata and request information. The '_get_extra_fields' method extracts additional properties from log records, converting non-serializable objects to strings. The formatters include mechanisms for capturing exception info, request/response data, and correlation IDs, mainly for structured logging in web applications. No evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or backdoors is found. The code primarily manipulates logging data for formatting and does not execute untrusted code or perform network operations. Usage of external modules appears limited to logging enhancements. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate logging utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code provides structured logging formatters for Python applications, focusing on capturing request, response, and exception data for logs. There are no signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or security risks. It is standard application code for enhanced logging and does not exhibit obfuscated or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}