{
  "purpose": "This code implements a command-line interface (CLI) tool for secure token management, including encrypting, decrypting, copying, and masking sensitive credentials stored in a vault.",
  "sources": "Input sources include command-line options, user prompts for field values, and profile data retrieved via get_token_profiles().",
  "sinks": "Data is encrypted and stored via upsert_encrypted_fields(), decrypted via retrieve_and_decrypt_fields(), and possibly copied to clipboard via safe_copy_to_clipboard(). It also outputs to the terminal and manipulates cursor position for clearing sensitive info.",
  "flows": "User inputs prompt data -> stored or retrieved from vault -> output masked or real data -> optional clipboard copy -> screen cleared after timeout.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors; the code follows standard secure practices. No obfuscated code, unusual dynamic execution, or misleading variable names detected. Export options are intentionally blocked with educational messaging, not malicious. No evidence of data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code provides CLI commands for encrypting and retrieving tokens, with security features such as masking, optional unsafe output, and timed clearing of sensitive data from the terminal and clipboard. It calls external functions for encryption/decryption and profile retrieval, which are not shown, but assuming they are standard secure implementations. The handling of export options is explicitly blocked with warning messages, indicating awareness of security risks but no malicious intent. No suspicious data flows, hardcoded secrets, or malicious payloads are present. Overall, the code appears to be a well-structured secure token management CLI without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate secure token management tool designed to encrypt, store, retrieve, and securely display sensitive credentials. It includes standard security precautions such as masking, timed clearing, and export blocking. There is no evidence of malicious intent or malware in this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}