{
  "purpose": "This code provides CLI commands for encrypting, decrypting, and managing secure tokens and credentials within a vault, primarily for secure storage and retrieval of sensitive information.",
  "sources": "User input via prompts (typer.prompt), CLI command options (typer.Option), profile data retrieval (get_token_profiles), and internal functions retrieving encrypted data (retrieve_and_decrypt_fields).",
  "sinks": "Clipboard copying (safe_copy_to_clipboard), output to console (typer.echo, typer.secho), and data processing functions that handle sensitive information.",
  "flows": "User inputs prompt data or command options → data is encrypted or decrypted via keysentinel functions → sensitive data is optionally copied to clipboard or displayed (masked or unmasked) → data is cleared from memory after a timeout.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes deliberate blocking of export options such as environment variable and JSON export, indicating an emphasis on preventing data leakage. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The `_delayed_clear_memory` function clears sensitive output after a timeout, which is a security feature. There are no signs of malicious code such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The usage of 'mask_secret_value' and controlled clipboard copying suggests attention to security best practices.",
  "analysis": "The code's main functionality involves securely managing sensitive credentials through encryption, retrieval, and controlled display. It uses secure prompts for input, enforces restrictions on data exports to prevent leaks, and clears sensitive information from the screen and memory after a timeout. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or covert channels. The presence of blocking export options and secure handling of secrets aligns with security best practices, with no suspicious anomalies detected. The code appears well-structured and focused on secure credential management without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for secure token management with strict controls on data export and memory clearance. No malicious behavior or backdoors are evident. It aligns with security standards for handling sensitive information, and no signs of malware are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}