{
  "purpose": "The code provides a command-line interface (CLI) for securely encrypting, decrypting, and managing tokens or secrets, specifically designed for key management and secret retrieval.",
  "sources": "Input sources include command-line arguments, user prompts (typer.prompt), and environment variables indirectly through imported functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include copying data to the clipboard (safe_copy_to_clipboard), displaying data on the terminal, and possibly passing data to functions that handle encryption and decryption.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input or profile data (source) to encryption/decryption functions (sink). Retrieved secrets are displayed or copied to clipboard, with optional masking. Sensitive data is cleared after a timeout.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials found. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The use of 'time.sleep' for delaying clearance is standard, not suspicious. Export options are blocked with warnings, preventing data exfiltration via export. No network calls or reverse shell behavior are present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement a secure CLI tool for managing encrypted tokens. It prompts users for sensitive input securely, masks secrets during display, and clears secrets from memory after a timeout. Export functions are intentionally blocked with warnings, indicating an awareness of security risks. No network connections, data exfiltration, or malicious code execution mechanisms are present. All functions used are standard or from well-known libraries, and no suspicious data flows are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code demonstrates standard secure handling of secrets within a CLI environment. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms. The focus on security measures such as masking, delayed clearing, and blocking exports suggests good security practices. Overall, no malicious intent or security compromise signals are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}