{
  "purpose": "The code is a comprehensive test script for managing Azure SQL resources via Azure SDKs, performing resource creation, retrieval, update, and deletion operations as part of automated testing.",
  "sources": "Hardcoded resource names, credentials, passwords, and environment variables within the script.",
  "sinks": "API calls to Azure management endpoints, which are standard and trusted operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from hardcoded strings and variables into API calls; no external untrusted input is processed.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of hardcoded passwords ('Un53cuRE!', '<password>'), resource identifiers constructed via string concatenation, and placeholder values indicating incomplete code.",
  "analysis": "The script is a legitimate Azure resource management test suite, with no evidence of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or sabotage. It uses standard SDK calls for resource lifecycle management. The main security concern is the use of hardcoded secrets, which pose risks if exposed but do not constitute malicious behavior. No obfuscation or malicious payloads are detected. The malware score is 0, consistent with the absence of malicious intent. The obfuscated score is 0, reflecting code clarity. The security risk score is approximately 0.4, acknowledging insecure credential handling but not active malicious activity. The code's purpose and structure are straightforward, and the signals do not suggest any supply chain attack or malicious sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Azure SQL resource management test script with security risks due to hardcoded secrets. It does not contain malware or malicious payloads. The scores are consistent with the analysis, with malware and obfuscation scores at 0, and a moderate security risk score around 0.4 to reflect insecure credential handling. Addressing secret management would improve security posture, but there is no evidence of malicious intent or supply chain compromise.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}