{
  "purpose": "Analyze open-source Python dependency code for malicious behavior, obfuscation, and security risks, focusing on source-to-sink data flows, anomalies, and suspicious patterns.",
  "sources": "Environment variables, input data, possibly network or file I/O (if present).",
  "sinks": "Network communication, file system, environment variables, system commands, or data exfiltration points.",
  "flows": "Data from sources such as environment variables or inputs to sinks like network sockets or file writes, potentially via eval/exec or other dynamic execution.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscation, dynamic eval/exec, suspicious variable names, network activity, or hardcoded secrets.",
  "analysis": "The code exhibits signs of obfuscation and dynamic execution, which are common in malicious payloads. The presence of eval/exec on untrusted data, combined with network activity, indicates a high likelihood of malicious intent. Lack of explicit malicious API calls or network activity reduces suspicion in some reports. The code's structure, if obfuscated, hampers static analysis, but no definitive malicious behavior is confirmed without further code inspection. The scores assigned in the reports align with these observations, with higher suspicion in reports indicating obfuscation and dynamic execution. The absence of code in some reports justifies low scores. Overall, the potential for malicious activity exists primarily in reports highlighting obfuscation and dynamic code execution, warranting cautious monitoring.",
  "conclusion": "The reports generally provide consistent assessments. Reports 1 and 3 show signs of obfuscation and dynamic execution, justifying higher malware and risk scores. Reports 2, 4, and 5 lack evidence of malicious activity, reflected in low scores. The overall threat level is moderate, with particular concern for obfuscation and dynamic code execution techniques that could hide malicious behavior. Further dynamic or static analysis is recommended for confirmation.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}