{
  "purpose": "This script manages batch uploading of files and directories to 115 cloud storage, supporting features like multipart upload, resumable upload, and directory merging.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include command-line arguments (e.g., source path, destination path, cookies), environment variables, and imported modules such as 'argparse', 'Path', and network request modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network request functions ('check_response', 'client.upload_file'), file system operations ('remove', 'removedirs', 'scandir', 'stat'), and subprocess calls for package installation.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows from command-line args (paths, cookie files) into network requests and file operations. For example, source path and destination path are processed to perform directory creation, file upload, or deletion. Data from network responses influences subsequent logic and filesystem modifications.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically installs missing modules at runtime via subprocess calls (e.g., 'pip install requests'), which is unusual for security reasons. There are no hardcoded credentials or secret tokens. Use of 'console_print' for status logs is benign. No obfuscated code, no evident malicious payloads. The dynamic import and installation of network modules could be exploited if malicious inputs influence 'use_request' choices, but this is controlled via 'choices' argument. Overall, no direct malware or backdoors are visible.",
  "analysis": "The script thoroughly manages file and directory uploads, with detailed error handling, retries, and progress tracking. It handles network requests flexibly via multiple modules, installs missing dependencies dynamically, and processes filesystem paths carefully. No suspicious code patterns like code injection, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors are evident. The runtime module installation is unusual but not inherently malicious; it could pose supply chain risks if external inputs manipulate module choice, but currently it is controlled. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The code is well-structured for its purpose and does not contain malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate and complex batch upload utility with no obvious malicious intent. The dynamic module installation and runtime dependency management are notable but not malicious per se. Overall, the script is safe from supply chain malware, with a very low malware score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}