{
  "purpose": "This script facilitates uploading files and directories to 115 cloud storage, supporting features like multipart upload, resumable uploads, and concurrent processing.",
  "sources": "Input sources include command-line arguments, such as file paths, destination paths, cookies files, and network request modules; also, user input is indirectly read through these arguments.",
  "sinks": "Network requests made through imported modules (httpx, requests, urllib3, urlopen), file system operations like removing files or directories, and updating progress bars or printing to console.",
  "flows": "Sources (user inputs and command-line args) influence network requests, file system modifications, and progress reporting; untrusted inputs (paths, URLs) flow into network operations and file manipulations. The code constructs paths and performs file operations based on user input, then initiates network requests for uploading files.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns observed. The code performs typical upload logic with extensive error handling. No suspicious network domains or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The dynamic installation of network libraries is cautious but standard.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily handles file/directory traversal, path manipulation, and network uploads to a cloud service. It includes dynamic library import with installation if missing, which is common in scripts that aim for portability. Error handling distinguishes between retryable and non-retryable errors, with retries controlled via user-specified limits. No signs of data leakage, system sabotage, or malicious code execution are evident. The network request handling modules are selected based on user input, with on-demand installation, but all are standard libraries. The code does not perform code injection, privilege escalation, or exfiltration. It does manipulate files for deletion post-upload and has options to delete local files after success, which is a typical feature of upload tools but does not inherently indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex, feature-rich upload utility for 115 cloud storage with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. Its mechanisms for handling network requests, file management, retries, and dynamic library installation are standard for such tools. There is no evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration in the analyzed code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}