{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript parser in Python, designed to generate an Abstract Syntax Tree (AST) from JavaScript source code. It includes support for ECMAScript features and optional modules.",
  "sources": "The source code is loaded into the 'self.source' variable during parsing, with input provided via the 'parse' method.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any system calls, network activity, or code execution. It processes input data into tokens and AST nodes internally.",
  "flows": "Input source code flows into tokenization functions, which produce tokens that are then parsed into an AST structure. No external system or network flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "The only notable feature is the 'pyimport' statement parsing, controlled by the 'ENABLE_PYIMPORT' flag, which defaults to False. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscation, or malicious patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The parser is a comprehensive, well-structured implementation of JavaScript syntax parsing in Python. It includes support for various ECMAScript features, with a configurable 'pyimport' feature that is inactive by default. The code does not execute any code or perform network operations. The optional 'pyimport' feature, if enabled, could be exploited for malicious imports, but as it is disabled by default, it poses minimal risk. No obfuscation or backdoors are detected. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1-0.2) are consistent with the code's behavior and features.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, transparent JavaScript parser with an optional, inactive 'pyimport' feature. It does not contain malicious code, obfuscation, or backdoors. The low malware and obfuscation scores are justified, and the risk score appropriately accounts for the potential misuse if the feature is enabled. Overall, the dependency appears safe under default settings, with minimal security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}