{
  "purpose": "Analysis of open-source Python dependency code for malicious behavior, obfuscation, and security risks.",
  "sources": "Environment variables, files, user input, network connections, dynamic code execution (eval/exec).",
  "sinks": "Network domains, file system, subprocess calls, environment variables.",
  "flows": "Input sources to sinks via dynamic execution, network communication, and data processing.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable names, use of eval/exec, suspicious network domains, dynamic code decoding, high obfuscation scores.",
  "analysis": "The code exhibits signs of obfuscation and dynamic execution, which are often used to hide malicious intent. Reports 2 and 3 indicate significant obfuscation and suspicious network activity, with report 3 showing signs of potential data exfiltration or command-and-control communication. Report 2's obfuscation and dynamic code usage raise suspicion but lack confirmed malicious payloads, warranting a moderate malware score. Report 1 and 5 show benign patterns with no obfuscation or suspicious activity, reflected in their low scores. Report 4 lacks code, so no assessment is possible. Adjustments to scores for report 2 are recommended to better align with the observed obfuscation and dynamic execution, increasing malware from 0.2 to approximately 0.4 and security risk from 0.4 to 0.5. The other reports' scores are consistent with their descriptions.",
  "conclusion": "The overall assessment indicates that reports 1 and 5 are benign, with low malware and obfuscation scores. Report 2 shows moderate suspicion due to obfuscation and dynamic code execution, warranting a slight increase in malware and risk scores. Report 3's signs of obfuscation, network activity, and dynamic execution justify higher malware (0.5) and security risk (0.65) scores. The scores are generally appropriate, with minor adjustments recommended for report 2 to better reflect the suspicious features. No evidence suggests confirmed malicious payloads, but obfuscation and dynamic behaviors warrant cautious scoring.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.4,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}