{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of functions to resolve various AWS CloudFormation intrinsic functions and parameters, mainly for processing templates or configurations in an IaC (Infrastructure as Code) context.",
  "sources": "Input parameters from 'params' dictionary, including AWS SSM parameters, and data passed into resolution functions such as 'function', 'function_body', and other parameters in the resolve functions.",
  "sinks": "Resolved values returned by functions, which could potentially be used to generate configurations or scripts. Specifically, functions like resolve_sub, resolve_join, and resolve_base64 generate output that could be misused if malicious input is provided.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from 'params' or 'function_body' into resolve functions, then through conditional logic, string replacements, and recursive calls, producing final resolved strings or data structures.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes placeholder functions for unimplemented features (`resolve_get_attr`, `resolve_get_azs`) which only log warnings and return dummy strings; this is not suspicious but indicates incomplete functionality. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The use of logger warnings could potentially be abused if log output is accessed maliciously, but not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs parameter resolution and template processing, including resolving references, joins, conditions, and Base64 encoding. It handles different data types securely, uses recursive resolution, and logs warnings for missing or unimplemented features. No direct code injection, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. There are no hardcoded credentials, network calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms present. Functions like 'resolve_sub' could process user-controlled input for string substitution, which may pose injection risks if the input is untrusted; however, this is standard for template engines and not malicious by itself. The unimplemented functions might be a point of concern if exploited to produce incorrect or malicious configurations, but they currently only log warnings.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard template resolution library for AWS CloudFormation-like templates. There are no signs of malicious behavior or malware. The only minor concern is incomplete implementation of some resolver functions, which is typical in ongoing development but does not constitute malicious activity. Overall, the code is safe with respect to supply chain security and does not exhibit malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}