{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to resolve AWS CloudFormation template functions and parameters, including references, conditions, joins, substitutions, and intrinsic functions. It handles data types like strings, lists, dicts, and custom function objects, facilitating template processing and resolution.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters (params dictionary), function arguments (e.g., function_body), and mappings (mappings dictionary). It also uses regex patterns to identify SSM parameters within strings.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the return values of resolution functions, which produce strings, lists, or dicts. These outputs are used downstream in CloudFormation templates, but the code itself does not perform external network calls or data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and function arguments through recursive resolution functions, which process and transform the data based on the function type, ultimately producing resolved CloudFormation template components.",
  "anomalies": "The placeholder functions `resolve_get_attr` and `resolve_get_azs` only log warnings and return dummy strings, indicating incomplete implementation but not malicious intent. No obfuscated code or suspicious patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation for resolving CloudFormation intrinsic functions, with clear data handling and recursive resolution. It performs safe string manipulations, parameter lookups, and function evaluations. The incomplete functions are benign placeholders. No network activity, code injection, or malicious behavior is detected. The use of logging for missing parameters or unimplemented features is typical for debugging and development.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate CloudFormation template resolver with no signs of malicious activity or obfuscation. The placeholder functions are incomplete but not malicious. The overall security risk is very low, and the code appears safe for use in supply chain contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}