{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of functions to resolve AWS CloudFormation template functions and parameters, including resolving references, conditions, joins, substitutions, and other intrinsic functions, primarily for template processing and validation.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as 'function', 'params', 'mappings', and 'conditions' supplied to resolve functions; external modules and constants used for pattern matching and constants.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'resolve_ssm' function where parameter values are retrieved from 'params', and the 'resolve_sub' function where string replacements occur with values from 'params' and 'mappings'.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the 'resolve' and related functions, which process various types of data (strings, lists, dicts, special function objects). These flows resolve references, substitutions, and intrinsic functions, producing final output values or mappings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious obfuscation detected. Some functions, such as 'resolve_get_attr' and 'resolve_get_azs', contain placeholder warnings, indicating incomplete implementation but not malicious intent. The code logs warnings on missing or undefined parameters, which is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code thoroughly handles multiple AWS CloudFormation intrinsic functions, with recursive resolution logic and type checking. The pattern matching for SSM parameters appears normal. No signs of malicious code such as network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The placeholder functions for 'GetAtt' and 'GetAZs' are safe, just unimplemented. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious behavior detected. The overall structure aims at safe template resolution, with standard logging for missing or undefined data.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for resolving CloudFormation templates with no malicious intent. It securely handles data resolution, with appropriate safeguards and no suspicious activities. Some functions are incomplete but do not indicate malicious behavior. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}