{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to resolve and interpret CloudFormation-like templates with functions and parameters, facilitating template evaluation and substitution.",
  "sources": "Code reads from input parameters (params, mappings, conditions), function arguments, and constants like CONTAINS_SSM_PARAMETER and CONTAINS_CF_PARAM regex patterns.",
  "sinks": "Function outputs, especially from resolve functions, are returned as strings, potentially involving sensitive data if parameters contain secrets. Logging could expose parameter names.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through resolution functions, resolving references, joins, conditions, and mappings to produce final output strings or values.",
  "anomalies": "Use of unresolved placeholders (e.g., 'UNDEFINED_PARAM_' and 'UNDEFINED_MAPPING_') indicates fallback behavior rather than security concerns. Warnings are logged for missing parameters and unimplemented functions (e.g., `Fn::GetAtt`, `Fn::GetAZs`). No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. The code appears purely functional and for template resolution purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code provides comprehensive resolution functions for CloudFormation-like templates, including handling of various intrinsic functions. No obfuscated code patterns, such as dynamic execution or misleading variables, are detected. The only potential concern is logging of parameter names, which could leak sensitive information if logs are exposed, but this is standard practice in debugging. No external network access or system modifications are present, and the functions do not perform any harmful actions.\n\nThe structure and logic follow typical template resolution patterns, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The code's primary purpose is to process templates securely, with proper handling of missing values and fallback mechanisms. There are no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a secure template resolution utility for CloudFormation-like templates. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or obfuscated code. It appropriately handles missing parameters and includes placeholders for unimplemented features, with no evident security risks beyond standard logging. Overall, it appears safe and intended for legitimate configuration processing.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}