{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to set up and configure a Python package named 'edx-submissions', including loading requirements, extracting version info, and optionally tagging a Git version.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from requirements files ('requirements/base.in', 'requirements/test.in') and the version file ('submissions/__init__.py'). No untrusted external input is directly processed.",
  "sinks": "No critical sinks such as network operations, file writes, or system commands are used with untrusted data. The only system command invoked is for Git tagging, which uses a predefined version variable.",
  "flows": "The version string is extracted from a specific file; requirements are loaded from files with filtering functions. The only external command execution is with static arguments derived from the code, not from untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "The script contains comments indicating modifications via 'SEMGREP', which are benign. The 'os.system' calls for Git tagging could be misused if the version string were malicious, but it is obtained from the package's own version file. No evident backdoors or hidden behaviors are present. No code obfuscation or suspicious dynamic execution is observed.",
  "analysis": "The script mainly handles package setup, requirement parsing, and version extraction. It performs file reading and regex-based parsing in a controlled manner. The 'os.system' calls are used for version tagging with static variables, posing minimal risk. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. The code structure is standard for a setup script with no suspicious behaviors or anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical setup script for a Python package with no malicious intent or security risks. It follows standard practices, and the only system commands are related to Git version tagging, which are safe given the controlled context. No indicators of malware or malicious sabotage are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}