{
  "purpose": "This Flask application manages user registration, login, contact forms, and video access, with MongoDB as the backend.",
  "sources": "Data sources include form inputs for login, registration, contact forms, and session data.",
  "sinks": "Data is written to MongoDB collections ('users_collection' and 'contacts'), and email notifications are sent via 'send_email'.",
  "flows": "User inputs from forms are processed, potentially leading to database insertions and email dispatch; session management tracks user authentication.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'print(user)' for debugging is not malicious but indicates development-stage logging. Construction of the MongoDB URI uses user input with 'quote_plus', but this is appropriately sanitized. No hardcoded credentials observed, as credentials are imported from 'settings'. No evidence of hardcoded secrets or suspicious code snippets. Commented-out code does not pose a risk. The code employs standard security practices like password hashing and login management.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical web application tasks: user registration/login with hashed passwords, session management, contact form handling with data stored in MongoDB, and email notifications. The use of 'quote_plus' to sanitize MongoDB credentials is appropriate. No suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected. The code handles sensitive data properly and does not include any malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware-like activities. The only potential concern is that email credentials are stored in 'settings', but this is a standard practice assuming 'settings' is protected. Overall, the application appears secure and free from malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Flask web application implementing user management and contact features. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or supply chain risks. The design follows best practices for security, such as password hashing and session management, with no evidence of malware or malicious code present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}