{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Flask web application with user authentication, contact form handling, and video display functionalities, integrating with MongoDB and email services.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from form submissions ('username', 'password', 'name', 'email', 'phone', 'category', 'appointment', 'message') and environment variables ('SECRET_KEY', 'MONGO_URI', 'EMAIL_USER', 'MONGO_PASSWORD', 'MONGO_USERNAME').",
  "sinks": "Data is stored into MongoDB collections; email functions send emails based on contact form submissions; session and request handling potentially expose sensitive info.",
  "flows": "User inputs from forms (e.g., login, registration, contact form) flow into database insertions or email functions; session management involves reading 'username' from session; login credentials are verified via hashed passwords.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials are present; environment variables are used for secrets; no obfuscated or unusual code structures; print statements (e.g., print(user)) could leak user info in logs; email-sending logic uses unvalidated user input for email content but appears benign otherwise.",
  "analysis": "The code securely manages user passwords with hashing and uses environment variables for sensitive info, reducing common security risks. MongoDB connection string uses quote_plus for username and password, avoiding injection via these parameters. The login and registration routes perform standard checks. Email notifications are triggered on contact form submissions, which could potentially be exploited if input is malicious, but no direct injection points are evident. No suspicious network activity or backdoors are present. The session management and user loader follow best practices. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are detected. The code structure is standard, with no signs of malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical secure Flask application with standard user management and contact handling. No malicious behavior or security sabotage is evident. The main concern is logging sensitive info (via print), which should be removed. Overall, the code is relatively safe with low risk and no signs of malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}