{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions, class definitions, and metric mappings for model evaluation in machine learning workflows, specifically related to classification, regression, forecasting, translation, summarization, question answering, and other NLP tasks within the AzureML framework.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data primarily through function parameters (np.ndarray inputs, class labels, and optional transformers), external imports (like numpy, sklearn, and azureml.metrics modules), and some inline constants and configurations.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak or insecure behavior could occur if untrusted input is processed without validation, especially where data is transformed or encoded. There are no explicit sinks like network calls, file writes, or command executions. No code appears to write or transmit data directly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into functions such as pad_predictions, classification_label_encode, and classification_label_decode; then through transformations (e.g., encoding, padding); and finally into metric calculation functions like class_averaged_score. The code maps metric names to classes and transforms labels, but no external or malicious data flow is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive use of external library imports, dynamic class mapping, and flexible data handling. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic are present. The import of azureml modules and conditional import of sklearn are standard. The only unusual aspect might be the presence of a 'cast' of numpy arrays and the use of literal_eval for string labels, but these are typical in data processing.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions for padding predictions, computing variance, class label encoding/decoding, and mapping metric names to classes, all of which are standard in ML model evaluation pipelines. No signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious control flow are evident. The imports are legitimate, and the logic revolves around data transformation and metric calculation. The dynamic class mapping and conditional imports are common and not malicious. The code does not perform network operations, system modifications, or hidden behaviors. It contains input handling, data encoding, and safe utility functions aligned with model evaluation workflows.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate utility module for model evaluation, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles data encoding, prediction padding, and metric mapping securely and transparently. There are no suspicious or malicious code patterns, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}