{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and classes for model evaluation metrics, including padding predictions, calculating variances, encoding/decoding labels, and mapping metric names to implementations. It also includes support for different types of evaluation metrics across classification, regression, forecasting, text translation, summarization, QA, and other NLP tasks.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters such as np.ndarray inputs, imports from azureml.metrics modules, and dynamic imports within functions (e.g., _rag_evaluation). It also reads class labels, predicted probabilities, and other model outputs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of external libraries like sklearn, numpy, and azureml.metrics, which could process untrusted data if misused. Specifically, the make_json_safe function transforms arbitrary objects for JSON serialization, which could potentially be exploited if the object includes malicious code or data, but no code injection occurs here. No network connections, system calls, or file operations are directly present that could be exploited for data exfiltration or malicious activity.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into functions such as pad_predictions, classification_label_encode/decode, and into class mappings based on metric names. The data is processed and transformed within these functions, but no external system calls, network communication, or command execution are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies indicative of malicious behavior are apparent. The code does not include any obfuscated, hidden, or suspicious code segments. The dynamic import for rag_evaluation is conditional on missing dependencies, which is normal. The only potentially noteworthy aspect is the comprehensive mapping of metric names to classes, but this is standard for metric utility code. There are no hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or code injection points. The code appears well-structured and aligns with standard evaluation utility patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard utility functions for model evaluation, including label encoding/decoding, prediction padding, variance calculations, and metric class mappings. It conditionally imports dependencies, handles exceptions, and logs warnings for invalid scores. There are no signs of code injection, network activity, or malicious data processing. The make_json_safe function sanitizes objects for JSON serialization without executing code. All imports are from trusted libraries, and dynamic imports are used only to handle optional dependencies. Overall, the code is consistent with typical evaluation utilities and does not exhibit malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard evaluation utility module with no malicious intent. It performs data transformations, metric mappings, and validation checks typical for model assessment workflows. No signs of malware, sabotage, or malicious activity are present.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}