{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to encrypt or decrypt Python code files using the TokenCryptor class from the your_package.encryptor module, wrapping the encrypted code in a structure that decrypts and executes it at runtime.",
  "sources": "Reading input file at the specified filepath, accessing TokenCryptor class from your_package.encryptor, reading lines of code, reading and writing files",
  "sinks": "Writing the processed code to the output file, executing decrypted code with exec()",
  "flows": "Reading file content -> encrypting/decrypting code -> embedding encrypted code in a new script -> executing the decrypted code via exec()",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic execution with exec() on decrypted code, which can be dangerous if the encrypted code is malicious; wrapping the encrypted code in a decrypt-and-execute pattern; no explicit checks for malicious content within the encrypted data; reliance on TokenCryptor, which may obfuscate the content",
  "analysis": "The code reads Python scripts and conditionally encrypts them by wrapping them in a decryption-and-execution structure. It uses the TokenCryptor class for encryption and decryption, which suggests that the code being processed could be obfuscated or hidden. The use of exec() on decrypted code is a significant security concern, as it enables execution of arbitrary code at runtime. If an attacker supplies malicious encrypted data, it could execute malicious code without further checks. The code itself does not contain hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activity. However, the pattern of decrypting and executing code dynamically, especially via encrypted payloads, is often associated with obfuscation or malicious behavior, particularly if used outside a controlled environment. There are no obvious signs of backdoors, data exfiltration, or external network connections in this snippet. The use of the your_package.encryptor module is standard, but if the package contains malicious or compromised code, that could pose a threat. The code appears to be a general-purpose obfuscation wrapper, which could be used maliciously if misused.",
  "conclusion": "This script facilitates obfuscated code execution via encryption and dynamic decryption with exec(). While the script itself does not exhibit malicious behavior directly, its pattern of decrypting and executing code at runtime can be exploited to run malicious payloads. The use of a custom encryption module and runtime execution should be treated with caution, especially if the source or integrity of the encrypted code cannot be verified. The overall security risk is moderate due to its potential for malicious use, but no direct malicious actions are present in the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 2
}