{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to encrypt or decrypt Python scripts using a TokenCryptor class, likely for obfuscation or security purposes.",
  "sources": "Input file specified by '-filepath' argument, which is read entirely for processing.",
  "sinks": "Execution of decrypted code via 'exec(decrypted_string, globals())' within 'run_decrypted_code()' which runs the decrypted code in the current global context.",
  "flows": "Input file content -> encrypt_code() or passed through as-is -> encrypted code embedded in string -> executed dynamically via exec() after decryption.",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic code execution with 'exec' on decrypted content, which can be a security concern; encrypted code is stored as a string literal and decrypted at runtime. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious imports observed. The encryption process skips 'import' and 'from' lines, possibly to preserve imports.",
  "analysis": "The script reads an input Python file and either encrypts its content by replacing lines with encrypted versions or passes it unchanged for decryption. When encrypting, it embeds the encrypted code within a wrapper that decrypts and executes it dynamically using 'exec'. The use of runtime decryption and execution is inherently risky, as it allows for obfuscated code execution, which could hide malicious payloads. However, the code itself does not contain malicious commands or network activity. The 'TokenCryptor' class's implementation is external and not shown, so its behavior cannot be assessed. The code’s structure indicates an obfuscation or licensing mechanism rather than malicious activity. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident, but the use of dynamic execution is a notable security concern.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements an obfuscation technique involving encrypting and dynamically executing code at runtime, which carries inherent security risks. There is no explicit malicious behavior or malware observed, but the pattern of decrypting and executing code dynamically can be exploited for malicious purposes if the 'TokenCryptor' or input code is malicious. Overall, the code appears intended for obfuscation rather than malicious intent, but its use of runtime decryption and 'exec' warrants caution.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.5,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "report_number": 5
}