{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python class 'Movie' for interacting with The Movie Database (TMDb) API, offering methods to retrieve movie data, perform searches, and manage ratings.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration and session data from class attributes (e.g., self.session_id), as well as method parameters (e.g., movie_id, term, external_id, external_source). It also issues network requests via self._request_obj, which likely constructs and sends HTTP requests.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests made through self._request_obj with parameters potentially derived from user inputs (e.g., movie_id, term, external_id). Methods like rate_movie, delete_rating, and various get methods use request parameters that could be manipulated if inputs are not sanitized.",
  "flows": "Sources (user inputs or method parameters) flow into the request parameters for network requests via self._request_obj. These request methods then transmit data over the network. There are no explicit data processing or storage steps that alter data flow internally.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials or secrets, nor any obscure code or obfuscation. Usage of warnings.warn for deprecated methods is benign. No suspicious or malicious code such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors is evident. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The class methods primarily construct API request URLs and parameters based on method inputs. The methods for retrieving movie data and managing ratings interface with an external API. The use of class attributes for session handling and URL templates is standard. No signs of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful side effects, are present. The code is well-structured, with no suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated elements. Deprecated warnings relate only to API usability, not security. Overall, the code appears to be a typical API client implementation without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an API client for TMDb, with no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It handles data retrieval and rating management securely under the assumption that inputs are sanitized at higher levels. No malware signals are detected, and the overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}