{
  "purpose": "This code provides an interface to access and retrieve information about movies from the TMDb API, including details, ratings, images, reviews, and more.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include movie IDs, session IDs, country codes, region codes, page numbers, search terms, and external IDs.",
  "sinks": "Data flows to API requests via the _request_obj method, which sends HTTP requests to TMDb endpoints. No untrusted data is written or stored locally; the requests involve parameters like movie IDs, session IDs, ratings, etc.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input such as movie IDs, session IDs, search terms, and external IDs flow into API request URLs and parameters. These are used directly in URL formatting and request payloads, primarily for data retrieval. No evident flow leads to executing untrusted code or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "Use of warnings.warn for deprecations may indicate some outdated practices but are not malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets detected. The code relies on standard API request patterns and external libraries without obfuscation or suspicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Movie class extending TMDb, with numerous methods for querying movie data via HTTP requests. The methods construct URLs and parameters based on user inputs such as movie_id, region, page, etc. The deprecation warnings for certain methods suggest ongoing maintenance but do not indicate malicious intent. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious payloads. External dependencies are standard libraries and other modules (find, search) with no suspicious code. No network connections outside of legitimate API requests are evident. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate API wrapper without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard API wrapper for TMDb movie data access. No malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. The use of deprecation warnings suggests ongoing updates but not malicious activity. The code adheres to common patterns for secure API consumption.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}