{
  "purpose": "The code implements a squarified treemap layout algorithm for visualizing hierarchical data in a space-efficient manner.",
  "sources": "No external or untrusted input sources are read directly in the code. The code primarily processes numeric size data provided as function arguments.",
  "sinks": "The code generates graphical output using matplotlib, which could potentially be exploited if untrusted data were injected into labels or colors; however, the code itself does not perform any network communication, file operations, or data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Input sizes are normalized and then processed through treemap layout functions, with labels and colors assigned before rendering with matplotlib. No untrusted data flows into system commands or network sockets.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears well-structured with no signs of obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or malicious intent. There are no hardcoded credentials, network calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "analysis": "The code performs visualization of hierarchical data via treemap layouts. It uses standard mathematical calculations for layout and relies on matplotlib for rendering. There are no external data sources, no network operations, nor any code that writes to or reads from files or environment variables. The functions are purely computational and graphical. The random color generation uses the standard library without external influence. No suspicious or malicious behavior is detectable. The code appears to be a legitimate visualization utility with no malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a treemap layout and visualization tool. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks based on its content. Its purpose is purely visual data representation, and it does not process or transmit untrusted data maliciously.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}