{
  "purpose": "The script functions as an MCP client for testing various Elasticsearch operations such as listing indices, getting mappings, performing searches, and retrieving cluster health and stats.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from network streams via the sse_client connection and from external MCP server responses. No direct user input or environment variables are read for sensitive data.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data from MCP responses (like index info, cluster health, and stats) is logged. No untrusted data is used directly in insecure system commands or outputs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from network streams to the MCP session, then to various test functions which process and log the server responses. No untrusted user input is directly used in command execution or critical logic.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Logging sensitive information such as server responses could be a privacy concern but is not inherently malicious. The code structure is straightforward and standard.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a connection to an MCP server via SSE, then initializes a session to perform multiple Elasticsearch-like operations such as listing indices, fetching mappings, and cluster information. All operations are performed asynchronously with proper exception handling. No suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or hardcoded secrets are evident. The use of logging server responses should be reviewed for data privacy, but does not suggest malicious intent. The overall design appears to be a standard testing client, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign MCP client script used for testing Elasticsearch server status and data. It does not contain malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or obfuscated code. It operates within expected parameters for a networked testing tool.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}