{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to connect to an MCP server via SSE, perform various tests such as listing indices, getting mappings, searching, and retrieving cluster health and stats, primarily for verifying the server's responsiveness and correctness.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from command-line arguments (URL), environment variables (potentially via imported modules), and the server responses received during the tests.",
  "sinks": "Server responses are processed and logged; responses are parsed as JSON. No sensitive data or untrusted input is sent from the client other than predefined test parameters.",
  "flows": "Input (CLI args) → connection to server → invoking server methods → receiving responses → parsing/logging results. No untrusted data is fed into dangerous sinks; data flows are primarily controlled and used for informational purposes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior observed; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Logging and exception handling are standard. No code injection or data leakage activities are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes an asynchronous client connection to an MCP server and performs various health and index operations. It uses standard libraries and clearly separates concerns. The commands are straightforward API calls with no user input being executed as code or used maliciously. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated logic are present. The logging and error handling are typical and do not introduce vulnerabilities. The code mainly acts as a test harness for server validation, with no indications of malicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate testing utility for an MCP server, with no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security issues. It performs safe network interactions, logs responses, and handles exceptions properly. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}