{
  "purpose": "A wrapper script that installs, compiles, and runs the fxtran tool on a specified FORTRAN file to produce a transformed output.",
  "sources": "The code reads the FORTRAN filename provided as a command-line argument; reads the makefile template during cloning; reads the repository during cloning and checkout.",
  "sinks": "The subprocess calls execute external commands, including 'git clone', 'git checkout', 'make', and the fxtran binary itself. The output of the fxtran process is printed to stdout.",
  "flows": "Input filename is passed to the fxtran executable. The code clones a repository, modifies a makefile, compiles the fxtran binary, then runs it with the provided file, capturing and outputting the result.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code runs external processes with stdout/stderr suppressed, which may hide errors, but this is standard for build scripts. No suspicious modifications, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The script automates the process of cloning a repository, modifying the makefile, compiling the fxtran tool, and executing it on a provided FORTRAN file. It manages temporary directories securely and handles errors during compilation. It does not include any network communication apart from cloning the repository. External commands are run with 'check=True' for most, except the 'make all' command, where errors are not raised, possibly to allow continued operation if compilation partially succeeds. The output of fxtran is printed directly. No suspicious code, backdoors, or malicious behavior is detected. The code is straightforward and standard for build automation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate build and execution script for the fxtran tool with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It performs automated cloning, building, and running of an external tool, which is typical for such wrappers. No security risks or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}