{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes for wrapping a Plangym environment and defining a mathematical function environment for optimization tasks, including environment interactions, reset mechanisms, and boundary checks.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data mainly from method parameters, environment state and observation attributes, and from the external Plangym environment and optional function callbacks. Notably, the 'step' and 'reset' methods access environment states and actions.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if environment info or RGB data are exposed externally; however, no explicit data exfiltration or network communication code is present. The 'step' method processes environment outputs, and the 'calculate_oobs' method performs boundary checks, but no data is sent or stored maliciously.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (actions, states) into environment steps; environment responses (observations, rewards, infos) flow back into the environment class; in 'calculate_oobs', points and rewards flow into boundary validation; in 'sample_action', uniform sampling flows into actions; these are internal data flows with no external data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. No use of dynamic code execution or obfuscated language features. The code relies on standard library functions, numpy, and external environment interfaces. The only notable external call is 'plangym_env.step_batch', which depends on the external environment implementation.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard environment wrapper and function optimization framework. It handles environment states, actions, and observations systematically. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or covert backdoors are evident. The use of 'deepcopy' and sampling functions is standard. The 'step' and 'reset' methods interact with external environments in a typical manner, with no suspicious logic. Boundary checks and custom domain validation are implemented safely. Overall, the code structure and functions do not exhibit malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code serves as a safe and conventional implementation for environment wrapping and function-based environments. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. The code maintains standard practices for environment interaction, data handling, and boundary validation, with no network or covert data operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}