{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes for environment wrappers and mathematical function representations, primarily for simulation and optimization tasks within a reinforcement learning or evolutionary algorithm framework.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from function arguments, environment reset and step methods, and internal properties such as bounds and state tensors.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points include returning or logging state data, but no explicit sinks for untrusted data or network transmission are present. No code writes or transmits data outside the environment or function scope.",
  "flows": "Input data (actions, states, observations) flow through environment methods to generate new states, rewards, and info dictionaries; function class evaluates rewards and boundary conditions based on actions and observations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are detected. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscation. The use of external libraries appears standard for simulation and mathematical operations. No code injection or hidden behavior evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements environment wrapper classes for simulation and mathematical functions, utilizing standard patterns for resetting states, stepping through actions, and sampling. It relies on external libraries like 'judo' for tensor operations and 'gym' spaces for bounds. No malicious behavior such as network transmission, data exfiltration, or backdoor code is observed. The logic appears to be for legitimate simulation purposes, with clear separation of concerns and no suspicious data handling. No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious control flow detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of environment wrappers and mathematical functions for optimization or reinforcement learning tasks. No malicious intent or malicious behavior signs are present. It uses standard libraries and practices without evident security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}