{
  "purpose": "This code trains a sentiment analysis model on IMDb movie reviews, saves the model and tokenizer, and performs sentiment analysis on nodes of a NetworkX graph using the pre-trained model.",
  "sources": "The code loads IMDb dataset (`imdb.load_data()`), loads a pre-trained model (`load_model()`), and loads a tokenizer (`pickle.load()`). It also reads node attributes (`data['text']`) from a NetworkX graph.",
  "sinks": "The model prediction output is used to assign 'sentiment' attributes to graph nodes. The model file ('sentiment_rnn_model.h5') and tokenizer ('tokenizer.pickle') are read from disk. No untrusted data writes or network activity observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from node 'text' attributes to text processing (tokenization, padding), then into the loaded model for prediction, and finally back into graph node attributes as sentiment labels.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code behaviors, backdoors, or malicious data flows detected. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network connections, or obfuscated code. All libraries are standard for sentiment analysis tasks. The only potential concern is re-loading the model and tokenizer multiple times within a function, but this is standard practice and not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard sentiment analysis workflow: data loading, model training, saving, and inference on graph node texts. The functions and data handling appear legitimate. There are no signs of malicious activities such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden processes. The loading of models and tokenizers is straightforward, and no code indicates malicious intent or sabotage. The code structure is typical for ML pipelines, and no anomalies are present. All resource accesses are read operations with legitimate purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate sentiment analysis pipeline using TensorFlow, Keras, and NetworkX. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It functions as expected for its purpose, with no suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}