{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to generate quadrature points and weights for various reference domains used in finite element analysis, such as lines, triangles, tetrahedra, wedges, and hexes. It uses standard numerical methods and static datasets for high-order quadrature rules, facilitating numerical integration over these reference geometries.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as the reference domain type or element class, and the polynomial order (norder). It also calls numpy.polynomial.leggauss to generate Gauss-Legendre points and weights for line quadrature.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any data sinks, network activity, or external data exfiltration mechanisms. It solely generates and returns numerical quadrature points and weights based on static datasets and standard numpy routines.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (reference domain type and order) are used to select or generate quadrature rules. The functions produce arrays of points and weights for numerical integration, with no external data flow or untrusted data processing beyond internal dataset usage.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious or unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors. The datasets are static and sourced from known quadrature rules. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of numerical quadrature rules for finite element reference domains. It relies on well-established datasets and numpy routines. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or external data handling is involved. The functions are well-structured, with appropriate error handling for unsupported orders. The datasets are from reputable sources, and the code does not process untrusted external data in a harmful way.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign implementation of quadrature rule generation for finite element analysis. It contains no malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The datasets and methods used are well-known and safe. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}