{
  "purpose": "Provide functions for generating quadrature rules for various reference domains used in finite element analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads 'refdom' and 'refdom_or_elem' parameters, and calls internal functions like get_quadrature_tri, get_quadrature_tet, get_quadrature_line, get_quadrature_point, and uses numpy for calculations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct data sinks that send untrusted data to external systems or network communications. It only performs numerical computations and data structure manipulations.",
  "flows": "Input parameters such as 'refdom_or_elem' and 'norder' are used to determine which quadrature rule to generate. The data flows from input parameters through conditional logic into calls to internal functions that return quadrature points and weights. The main flow is computational, with no external data output or network activity.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are present. No dynamic code execution, misleading variables, or obfuscated code patterns are observed. The numerical data and control flow are straightforward. Error handling raises NotImplementedError on unsupported input, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically provides quadrature rules for different reference geometries, relying on standard numpy functions and pre-defined quadrature data. The functions generate quadrature points and weights using well-known numerical methods (e.g., Gauss-Legendre). No suspicious or malicious code such as network operations, data exfiltration, or system modification exists. No hardcoded secrets or environment variable misuse detected. The logic appears consistent with numerical library practices. No signs of sabotage or malicious behavior are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of numerical quadrature rules for finite element reference domains. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. It is safe and appropriate for its intended numerical computation purpose.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}