{
  "purpose": "This code is intended to set up a Python package using setuptools, reading a README.md file for description and defining package metadata such as name, version, license, classifiers, keywords, and dependencies.",
  "sources": "The code reads 'README.md' as input; the obfuscated strings and variable names are sources of potentially hidden data or intent.",
  "sinks": "The setup() function parameters, especially the obfuscated strings and dependencies, could be exploited if they contain malicious payloads or hidden code, but currently, no direct sink actions like network calls or data exfiltration are present.",
  "flows": "Input from 'README.md' flows into the setup description; obfuscated strings and variables are used as parameters in setup(), but their actual decoded or intended content is unclear, making flow analysis difficult. No malicious flow is evident.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable names, suspicious encoded-looking strings (e.g., 'vgnZpQUVYxhgSIBBZpPlkAmHYbQCBwNc='), malformed syntax such as 'vgnZpQUVYxhgSIBBZpPlkAmHYbQCBwNc='text/markdown', and inconsistent formatting are present. These anomalies suggest obfuscation or potential concealment.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard setup script but heavily obfuscated with nonsensical variable names and suspicious strings. The syntax error indicates either obfuscation or malformed code. No active malicious behavior, such as network activity or data exfiltration, is evident. The obfuscation could be superficial or intentional to hide malicious intent. The malformed syntax and obfuscated strings increase suspicion but do not confirm malicious activity. The dependency on 'numpy' is typical. The overall structure suggests a benign package setup with obfuscation that warrants further analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard package setup script with significant obfuscation and syntax irregularities. There is no direct evidence of malicious behavior, but the obfuscation and malformed syntax raise suspicion. The malware score should be increased slightly due to these anomalies, but overall, the code does not demonstrate active malicious actions. Static analysis or dynamic sandbox testing is recommended for definitive assessment.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.4,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}