{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of aggregation types, functions, and utilities for handling aggregate calculations such as count, sum, average, standard deviation, etc., likely for data analysis or metrics computation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via function arguments, primarily in functions like get_implied_aggregates, get_all_raw_aggregates_with_hidden, get_all_raw_aggregates, and the aggregation functions (_avg, _stddev, _stdvar). It also accesses predefined constants and mappings.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any output operations, system calls, network communications, or data leaks directly. No untrusted data is sent or stored insecurely.",
  "flows": "Input data (such as aggregate names or parameters) flows through functions that determine aggregate types, implied aggregates, and relevant functions for computation, but no external systems or data sinks are involved.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns. All functions are straightforward and focus on mathematical calculations and lookups. No obfuscated or malicious behavior detected. The code appears to be a utility library for aggregate calculations.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured, with clear definitions of aggregate types, mapping dictionaries, and functions for aggregate calculations. No suspicious or malicious code is present. Functions are limited to mathematical calculations and data lookups. No input validation issues or dangerous operations are visible. The code does not perform network activity, file manipulation, or environment variable access. The functions are designed solely for data aggregation logic.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard utility for defining and calculating data aggregates, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It appears to be safe, straightforward, and purely computational.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}