{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and class definitions for the Route53RecoveryCluster AWS service client, enabling type-safe interactions with the boto3 client.",
  "sources": "Imports from sys, typing, botocore, and relative module imports; class and method definitions including exception classes, client methods, and properties.",
  "sinks": "Methods that handle parameters such as generate_presigned_url, get_routing_control_state, list_routing_controls, update_routing_control_state, and update_routing_control_states, which may involve untrusted input data; no clear data leaks or malicious sink behavior detected.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data could flow into methods like generate_presigned_url and the client request methods, but all appear to follow standard boto3 patterns. No suspicious source-to-sink data flows identified.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or unusual dynamic code execution observed. The code primarily consists of type annotations and class definitions. No hidden backdoors, malicious code, or privacy violations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines type annotations, exception classes, and a client class for AWS Route53 Recovery Cluster service. It imports necessary modules and handles Python version differences for typing. The client class contains method signatures matching boto3's API, with no implementation details indicating malicious activity. The presence of a generate_presigned_url method and standard exception handling suggests standard AWS SDK interaction. There are no signs of code injection, backdoors, or malicious logic. The overall structure is consistent with an SDK wrapper and does not include any suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured type annotation layer for AWS boto3 client interactions. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware signs are evident. It serves as a safe, type-safe interface to the AWS Route53 Recovery Cluster service.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}