{
  "purpose": "This module configures and manages the lifecycle of a multi-model server for machine learning inference on SageMaker, including environment setup, requirements installation, and process control.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (e.g., SAGEMAKER_MULTI_MODEL, CA_REPOSITORY_ARN), file reads (config files, requirements.txt), subprocess calls, AWS SDK (boto3) calls for CodeArtifact, process list via psutil.",
  "sinks": "Subprocess commands to start server and install packages, environment variable modifications, signal handling for process termination, AWS API calls for token retrieval.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence configuration (e.g., multi-model mode, CodeArtifact ARN). Requirements are read and pip installed via subprocess. Server is launched with subprocess, with process managed and signals handled. AWS SDK calls fetch tokens for pip configuration. Process list is polled to identify server process.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected; environment variables used for configuration, which is standard. AWS SDK usage appears proper. No evidence of obfuscation or malicious dynamic code execution. The use of subprocess and environment manipulation is typical for server startup scripts. No backdoors, data exfiltration, or suspicious network activity evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard setup script for starting a SageMaker multi-model inference server, involving environment setup, process management, and requirements installation. It correctly handles signals for termination and process cleanup. AWS SDK calls are used to authenticate with CodeArtifact, which is standard AWS usage. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The code appears to perform its intended function without malicious intent, focusing on environment configuration and process management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SageMaker inference server setup script with no signs of malicious behavior. It manages environment, dependencies, and server processes appropriately. No malicious or suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}