{
  "purpose": "The code is a scientific tool for analyzing phonon modes, structural distortions, and generating related data files (CIF, pickle). It parses mode definitions, applies displacements, and manipulates atomic structures using standard scientific libraries.",
  "sources": "Input files such as 'mtable.org', mode definition files, and structure data files; reading lines and parsing mode information.",
  "sinks": "Output files including CIF files, pickle files, and spacegroup information; no network or system modifications observed.",
  "flows": "File reading -> parsing mode data -> constructing atomic structures -> applying distortions -> outputting files.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval() in functions 'parse_mode_name_line' and 'parse_mode_amp_line' on input strings, which could be exploited if input files are maliciously crafted.",
  "analysis": "The code performs domain-specific scientific processing with standard libraries. No network activity, backdoors, or malicious payloads are present. The primary security concern is the use of eval() for parsing strings, which could execute arbitrary code if input files are malicious. No obfuscation or malicious behavior is detected. The malware score is 0, as there are no malicious payloads. The obfuscation score is 0, as the code is clear and domain-specific. The security risk score is estimated at 0.2-0.3, reflecting the unsafe eval() usage but no active malicious intent. Confidence in this assessment is high (0.8-0.9).",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate scientific analysis tool with no malicious activity detected. The main security concern is the unsafe use of eval() on input data, which could be exploited if input files are maliciously crafted. It is recommended to replace eval() with safer parsing methods like 'ast.literal_eval' to mitigate this risk. Overall, the code is safe for use in trusted environments, with a minor security concern due to input parsing methods.",
  "malware": 0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}