{
  "purpose": "This code defines two custom widget classes, Node and Tree, for use with ipywidgets in a Jupyter notebook environment, facilitating hierarchical tree structures.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters during class initialization (name, nodes, multiple_selection, animation), and generates unique IDs via uuid.uuid4() in id_gen().",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data to external sources or perform network operations. No evident sinks are present that could lead to data leaks or external communication.",
  "flows": "Input parameters such as nodes and node properties flow through class initializations and methods (add_node, remove_node). The id_gen() function generates IDs that are assigned to nodes, maintaining internal references.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious string manipulations, or unusual code patterns are detected. The id_gen() function uses uuid4() and extracts a URN substring, which is standard for generating unique IDs. No obfuscation or hidden code is present. The code adheres to typical widget class structures with no suspicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines widget classes for hierarchical tree structures, utilizing standard ipywidgets and traitlets. The id_gen() function generates UUID-based IDs, a common approach for unique identifiers. The add_node and remove_node methods modify internal node collections safely, with type checks and existence validation. There are no network communications, data leaks, or hidden functionalities. No anomalies or signs of malicious intent are present. The code appears to be straightforward widget definition code intended for visual representation and interaction within Jupyter notebooks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is standard for defining hierarchical widget structures with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It employs typical patterns for id generation and node management without any suspicious or harmful features.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}