{
  "purpose": "This code provides custom exception and warning handling for a data table-related library, including enhanced traceback formatting and colored output for errors and warnings.",
  "sources": "The code reads static library modules, system exception information, traceback data, and warning messages.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include printing error messages and traceback information to standard error, which could reveal sensitive internal details if misused.",
  "flows": "Exceptions and warnings originate from internal library code and flow through custom handlers to output functions such as print(), displaying tracebacks and messages.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious backdoors are present. The code uses colored output for error display but does not execute any untrusted input or perform unsafe operations. No obfuscated or malicious patterns detected. The exception handling attempts to mask internal paths by shortening 'site-packages' paths. No network, data theft, or code injection activities are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines custom exception classes inheriting from Python's built-in exceptions, adding message handling. It implements a custom traceback display that formats stack frames, including path shortening and repeated line suppression, to improve readability. Exception messages are colorized with potential backtick formatting for emphasis. Warning handling similarly applies coloring to warning messages. All data flows are confined to formatting and printing internal exception data; no untrusted input handling or external communication occurs. There are no indications of malicious behavior or malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code execution. The code mainly enhances debugging and error display functionality.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a utility module for exception and warning formatting with colored output. It does not contain any malicious code, suspicious behavior, or security risks. Its purpose is solely to improve error reporting and visualization, with no indications of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}