{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for defining, managing, and matching ignored subgraphs and scopes within neural network graph analysis, primarily for use in model compression techniques such as pruning and quantization.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as graph nodes, node names, and patterns; it also accesses attributes of graph objects and subgraph definitions.",
  "sinks": "The code performs no operations that directly send data externally, write to files, or access sensitive system information. No sinks for untrusted data are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from graph node attributes and user-specified ignored scope rules into internal matching functions that identify node names and subgraphs, but there are no external or network data flows.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, malicious code, or obfuscation indicators are present. The code uses standard Python features and libraries. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious patterns are observed. The license at the top is misdated (2025), but this is likely a typo or placeholder rather than malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured approach to defining ignored parts of a neural network graph, matching rules against graph nodes, and validating these matches. All functions are focused on data matching and validation within the context of graph analysis. No signs of code injection, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. The code does not perform any network operations, file manipulations, or access system secrets. It relies on standard libraries such as re and dataclasses, and uses internal logging without external communications.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of graph analysis and scope management for neural network models, with no indication of malicious intent or security risks. It is consistent with legitimate model compression tooling. No malware or security issues are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}