{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Python class for managing, retrieving, and snapshotting network statistics from the IxNetwork API, supporting different API versions and including file management features.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration and control data from parameters and API responses, especially from the IxNetwork REST API endpoints, including view discovery and statistical data retrieval.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data sources include API responses from the IxNetwork server, which are processed and logged. CSV files and file copying functions handle local and remote file operations. No user input or environment variables are directly used as sources.",
  "flows": "API responses from GET requests to statistics view endpoints serve as sources. Data is processed, logged, written to CSV, and returned as dictionaries. Functions also copy files from remote locations based on API commands.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscated code. Use of regular expressions to match view names is standard. The code appears structured for network management tasks. No unusual or malicious commands are present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides methods to discover statistics views, retrieve statistical data using both legacy and modern APIs, and manage snapshot files, including copying files between remote and local systems. All operations involve API calls, JSON data parsing, and standard file I/O. No signs of malware, malicious commands, or malicious data handling are present. The file operations and API interactions are typical for network automation scripts. No suspicious patterns, such as unauthorized data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system damage commands, are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate network management utility for IxNetwork, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It facilitates data collection and file management in a controlled manner without suspicious or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}