{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for serializing Python objects into JSON/YAML-compatible formats, with support for complex types, partial functions, and custom objects.",
  "sources": "Potentially untrusted data could originate from input objects passed into 'clean_value_json', 'convert_tuples_to_lists', or from external module data accessed within object methods.",
  "sinks": "Serialization outputs, especially when handling callables, partials, or objects with 'to_dict' or 'get_component_spec' methods. Also, 'hashlib.md5' for generating hashes based on serialized object names.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input objects to 'clean_value_json', which serializes various types, including functions, partials, complex numbers, numpy arrays, and custom objects, potentially into JSON strings or dicts. Hashes are generated from cleaned names. No network or file I/O is directly involved.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not appear to contain any malicious logic. Usage of 'print' statements for error logging is benign but could be misused for log flooding if misused externally. Handling of callables includes serialization of function names and module info, which is standard. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. No obfuscated or intentionally malicious code structures are present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides comprehensive serialization utilities, converting complex Python objects into JSON-serializable structures. It supports data types such as pydantic models, numpy arrays, complex numbers, functions, partials, and custom objects with 'to_dict' or 'get_component_spec'. Error handling involves printing errors during serialization, but this is typical debug output. The use of 'hashlib' for name hashing is straightforward. The functions appear to serve as a robust serialization layer without any evident malicious intent or behavior. There are no network connections, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms present. The code's structure and logic are consistent with standard serialization patterns and do not exhibit obfuscation or malicious obfuscation techniques.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured serialization utility module with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It handles various object types securely and predictably. No security risks such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or data leaks are evident. Overall, the code appears safe, with a low malware score and minimal security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}