{
  "purpose": "This code implements a middleware for Prometheus metrics collection and instrumentation for Starlette web applications, specifically to track HTTP request metrics.",
  "sources": "Reads data from incoming HTTP requests via the 'scope' parameter, request headers, request method, and URL path. It also reads response headers, status, and body content for certain handlers.",
  "sinks": "Potentially exposes metrics data through Prometheus, but no direct data leaks or untrusted data sinks are present. No sensitive data is intentionally written or transmitted.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the request to the middleware, where it records request start time, collects response details, and then logs metrics based on this flow. No untrusted data flows to external systems besides metrics reporting, which is standard.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors detected. The code appears to be standard middleware logic for metrics collection. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports various modules for asynchronous operation, regex, and metrics collection. It defines a middleware class for handling metrics instrumentation in a Starlette application, capturing request and response data, timing, and request handlers. The code handles response streaming and records metrics asynchronously. No data leaks, malicious network connections, or system modifications are evident. The code's structure and logic align with typical metrics middleware, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate implementation of Prometheus metrics middleware for Starlette applications. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The logic is consistent with standard instrumentation practices, with no indicators of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}