{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of database assertion and verification functions used for testing and validation within a larger framework, likely for automated testing or database management.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include SQL query strings (select_statement, select_statement, table_name), parameters for queries, assertion operators, expected values, and optional messages. Data is read from user-provided strings and function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include execution of SQL queries constructed with string formatting, which could be vulnerable to SQL injection if user input is not sanitized. Additionally, error messages or logs may reveal sensitive information if included in assertions.",
  "flows": "Sources (user inputs, parameters) flow into SQL query strings; these queries are executed via functions like row_count, query, etc. The results from database queries (rows, columns, query results) are used in assertions. In case of failure, error messages or exceptions are triggered, which could potentially leak information if not handled carefully.",
  "anomalies": "The code constructs SQL queries by directly interpolating parameters into query strings without parameterized queries or sanitization, which could be exploited for SQL injection attacks. There are no obvious hardcoded credentials or backdoors, but the unsafe SQL string formatting is a security concern. The code contains deprecated argument mappings and extensive string formatting for queries, which may be risky if misused. No malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors is directly evident. The presence of detailed assertion error messages could inadvertently leak sensitive data.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple assertion functions for database validation, heavily relying on dynamically constructed SQL queries via string interpolation. This pattern can lead to SQL injection if user-controlled input reaches the query strings. The functions perform standard assertions such as existence checks, row counts, and query result validations. Error messages are customizable, but if user input is included in messages, it may leak sensitive info. There is no evidence of malicious behavior like network communication, data theft, or backdoors. No obfuscated or hidden code is present. The overall structure suggests use in testing environments, with no malicious intent evident, but the SQL construction approach is unsafe without proper sanitization.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily designed for database assertions within testing frameworks. While it does not contain malicious code, it employs unsafe SQL string formatting that could be exploited for SQL injection if untrusted input is passed directly into the queries. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The security risk is moderate due to potential SQL injection vulnerabilities, but no active malicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 5
}