{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface definitions for the ssm-contacts service client, providing structured access to AWS Systems Manager Contacts API.",
  "sources": "Imports from sys, typing, botocore, and local modules; class attribute definitions; method definitions and docstrings.",
  "sinks": "None evident. No untrusted input handling, no data leakage, no dynamic code execution, no network connections or file operations.",
  "flows": "Method signatures suggest data flows from untrusted input (**kwargs) to API calls; however, actual logic is not present, only interface signatures.",
  "anomalies": "The code is purely declarative with type annotations, no executable logic or data processing present. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are visible. The docstrings reference documentation and usage examples, but no code demonstrates data handling or side effects.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a client interface class for the AWS SSM Contacts service, including method signatures with type annotations, documentation links, and overloads for paginators. It imports standard and third-party modules appropriately, with compatibility considerations for Python versions. There is no evidence of code injection, malicious logic, or obfuscated code. The class methods only specify interface signatures with no implementations or side effects. The presence of docstrings with documentation links is typical and does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, well-structured API client interface definition with no malicious or security-threatening behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign, purely declarative interface for the AWS SSM Contacts client, serving as type annotations and method signatures without executable or harmful logic. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The code is consistent with standard SDK interface definitions and appears safe.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 3
}