{
  "purpose": "The script provides command-line tools for flattening and unflattening data files (YAML, JSON, CSV, TSV) with configurable key processing, using external libraries for serialization and data transformation.",
  "sources": "Reads input files specified by user via command-line options; loads data from YAML or JSON files; optionally loads configuration files via YAML; reads and writes output files specified by user.",
  "sinks": "Writes output files; optionally saves configuration files; no direct network or system modification observed.",
  "flows": "Input files are read and parsed; data is processed according to configurations; transformed data is written to output files; optional configuration files are loaded or saved.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns observed. Usage of external libraries like 'json_flattener' appears legitimate for data processing. No signs of obfuscated code or code injection. Logging warnings and info do not reveal sensitive data.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard file I/O operations for YAML, JSON, CSV, TSV formats with configurable key processing. It uses external libraries for data flattening/unflattening. The configuration system allows for flexible key handling. No external network connections or system modifications are detected. The functions rely on standard Python libraries and do not execute arbitrary code from untrusted sources. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system tampering, or hidden backdoors. The only potential concern is the handling of user-supplied files and configurations, but these are typical for data processing tools and do not inherently pose security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a legitimate data transformation utility with no evidence of malicious intent or malware. It securely handles file I/O and configurations without executing untrusted code or network operations. The risk is minimal and primarily related to misuse or malformed input files, which is typical for such tools.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}