{
  "purpose": "Define custom widgets and adapters for an instance selector in Wagtail/Django, facilitating dynamic embedding and lookup of model instances.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to widget methods, data retrieval from model instances, and URL reversals for embed and lookup endpoints.",
  "sinks": "Rendering templates with context data, URL generation for embed and lookup, and JSON serialization for client-side widget configuration.",
  "flows": "Data flows from widget input parameters and model instance fetches through URL and HTML rendering, ultimately delivering HTML/JS code to frontend.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses obfuscated class and variable names, which could indicate attempts to hide malicious intent, but no hardcoded secrets or suspicious logic are evident. No suspicious network calls, backdoors, or credential leaks are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Wagtail widget class that encapsulates logic for selecting model instances, including rendering HTML and JS configurations, URL generation, and data retrieval. It uses Django reverse URL resolution and template rendering, which are standard practices. The obfuscated naming might be suspicious but does not necessarily indicate malicious activity. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful system commands. All URL endpoints seem related to instance selection, with no external or suspicious domains involved. The code relies on safe Django features and standard practices. The presence of only internal method calls and template rendering indicates no malicious data flow outside expected use cases.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a Wagtail/Django custom widget with obfuscated class/variable names. There is no evidence of malicious intent or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful system commands. The obfuscation may be suspicious but does not, in this context, suggest malicious activity. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}