{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom Django form widgets and a Wagtail widget adapter for an instance selector component, facilitating dynamic rendering and interaction within a Wagtail CMS interface.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the widget initialization parameters, model metadata, and request URL reverse functions. The main source is user input via widget rendering and AJAX calls.",
  "sinks": "Render functions (render_to_string), URL reverse functions, and the creation of JavaScript code snippets with json.dumps are potential sinks where untrusted data could be embedded or executed.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from widget parameters and model metadata into URL generation and rendering functions, ultimately being embedded into HTML/JavaScript for client-side execution. URL reversals generate embed and lookup URLs using model metadata and identifiers.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains obfuscated variable names, dynamic URL construction, and uses of reverse URL functions with model metadata, which could potentially be manipulated if metadata or input is compromised. However, no hardcoded credentials or malicious code are evident. The use of string formatting for JavaScript code with json.dumps appears standard and safe. No suspicious external domain connections or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of class definitions for custom widgets that interface with Django and Wagtail CMS. It leverages standard functions like render_to_string and reverse for URL generation, using model metadata for dynamic URL creation. The code also uses obfuscated variable names, which could hinder readability but are not inherently malicious. There are no hardcoded secrets, network connections, or system modifications. The dynamic JavaScript generation uses json.dumps to embed configuration data safely. Overall, the code performs typical widget setup and rendering for a CMS interface, with no clear malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of custom Django and Wagtail widgets for an instance selector. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided content. The obfuscation appears to be for code complexity or minimal obfuscation, not malicious intent. No suspicious network activity or backdoors are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}