{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client implementation to connect to Server-Sent Events (SSE) streams over HTTP, enabling real-time event handling and streaming data from servers.",
  "sources": "Reads data from HTTP responses' stream lines via 'iter_lines()' and 'aiter_lines()' methods, which are standard in the 'httpx' library. Input includes URL parameters and headers supplied during connection functions.",
  "sinks": "Processes incoming server-sent event data, including parsing event fields, accumulating data, and yielding structured SSE objects. No data is written or sent to external sinks, but the code does handle streaming data received over the network.",
  "flows": "HTTP response stream is initiated via 'client.stream' or 'client.aiter_stream', then lines are read and decoded through 'SSEDecoder'. Parsed events are yielded to the caller. No external untrusted data is written; the flow mainly concerns incoming data parsing.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to follow standard SSE client implementation patterns; no hardcoded credentials or suspicious hardcoded secrets. No obfuscated or malicious code structures detected. The code adheres to standard practices for streaming and event parsing.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for decoding SSE data and for managing connections using 'httpx' clients, with support for both sync and async contexts. It validates response headers, decodes incoming SSE lines, and yields structured events. No suspicious logic or malicious behavior detected. The connection functions enforce standard headers, avoiding common security issues. The overall design aligns with typical SSE client implementations, with no signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of an SSE client with no apparent malicious intent or security risks. It correctly manages connections and parses incoming data streams without suspicious behavior. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malware signatures. The code appears safe and trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}