{
  "purpose": "A Discord selfbot client implementation for interacting with Discord's API and Gateway, enabling message sending, editing, deleting, reactions, and event handling.",
  "sources": "Input data from WebSocket messages, HTTP responses, and function parameters such as token, message content, emoji, channel IDs, etc.",
  "sinks": "WebSocket send operations (_identify, heartbeat), HTTP requests (sending/editing/deleting messages, reactions), and event handler dispatches.",
  "flows": "Data flows from WebSocket messages or function inputs to event handlers, and from command processing to API calls (e.g., send_message, edit_message).",
  "anomalies": "The code uses a Bot token but comments mention selfbot behavior, which is against Discord ToS. The 'Authorization' header is set as 'Bot {token}', which may indicate misuse if used for selfbot purposes. No hardcoded credentials found; token is stored securely. The code does not perform malicious actions itself but is designed to automate Discord client activities typically associated with selfbots, which are against Discord ToS. No backdoors, data exfiltration, or suspicious external connections are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a Discord client utilizing WebSocket for real-time events and HTTP for API interactions. It properly manages connection, heartbeat, and event dispatching. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present. The use of a token in the Authorization header is normal for bots, but given the disclaimer about selfbots and the description of the module, it indicates possible misuse as a selfbot, which violates Discord's ToS. The code handles rate limiting correctly and provides mechanisms for message operations. No suspicious external network activity or data leaks are evident beyond the intended API interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate Discord client framework that could be used as a selfbot, which is against Discord's ToS. It does not contain malicious code or malware itself, but its purpose (selfbot operation) is prohibited. There are no signs of malicious intent within the code logic, but its use may violate platform rules.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}