{
  "purpose": "The code loads a dataset, performs feature extraction and filtering, and saves processed features to parquet files. It appears to be part of a data preprocessing pipeline for a machine learning task.",
  "sources": "Reads dataset from a parquet file, accesses columns such as 'lc_features', 'objectId', 'candid', 'class', and uses lambda functions for feature processing.",
  "sinks": "The final line writes data to a parquet file using variables 'key' and 'train_data_path', which are undefined in the snippet, potentially allowing injection or manipulation if these variables are externally controlled.",
  "flows": "Data is loaded from disk, processed via feature extraction and filtering, then stored in dictionaries and dataframes. The undefined variables 'key' and 'train_data_path' are used in the filename for output, which could be manipulated to write to unintended locations.",
  "anomalies": "Use of heavily obfuscated function and variable names; references to undefined variables 'key' and 'train_data_path'; incomplete or nonsensical lines such as 'to_parquet(f'{key}_{train_data_path}.parquet')'; potential incomplete code or code corruption; suspiciously obfuscated code structure.",
  "analysis": "The code is obfuscated with meaningless names, making understanding difficult. It loads data, applies feature transformations, and filters dataframes. The presence of undefined variables ('key', 'train_data_path') at the end suggests incomplete code or potential malicious code designed to be injected or manipulated. The use of dynamic variable names and incomplete lines could be exploited for malicious purposes such as writing files to arbitrary locations or executing code injection if variables are externally controlled. There is no evidence of network activity, data exfiltration, or system commands. The obfuscation and incomplete code are suspicious but do not definitively indicate malicious intent. The suspicious undefined variables are the main concern, as they could be used maliciously if manipulated.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a heavily obfuscated data processing script with suspicious incomplete segments involving undefined variables. While no direct malicious activity is evident, the obfuscation and potential for variable manipulation pose moderate security risks. The suspicious undefined variables and obfuscated structure warrant cautious handling, as they could be exploited for malicious purposes such as data exfiltration or code injection if manipulated.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}