{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python SDK for interacting with the NucliaDB API, enabling management of knowledge boxes, resources, searches, and other related operations both synchronously and asynchronously.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data (region, URL, API key), user inputs for API calls, request payloads, and headers from function parameters, class attributes, and environment variables (via imported modules). It also processes response data from API endpoints.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include HTTP request sending (self._request, self._stream_request), JSON serialization/deserialization, and response parsing. Notably, user-provided data (like payloads and headers) could be sent over the network, but no direct data leakage or malicious actions are evident. No code injection or unsafe SQL is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (API keys, request payloads) through the SDK methods, into HTTP requests, and back from API responses into parsed data or errors. These flows do not show suspicious manipulation or external data exfiltration. Request builders construct requests based on input parameters; responses are parsed and returned.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard SDK structure with request builders, response parsers, and class definitions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior such as network data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden code is present. Use of 'warnings.warn' for unknown data is benign. No obfuscation or unusual code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured SDK for API interaction, with clear separation of request preparation, response parsing, and method definitions. All request methods and response handlers are standard. No malicious code, backdoors, or data leakage mechanisms are identified. The use of external libraries (httpx, orjson, pydantic) is appropriate for API calls and data handling. The request builders and response parsers are designed to process data securely. No evidence of malware, secret theft, or sabotage is found. The design is typical for SDKs, focusing on API communication with no hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API SDK for NucliaDB with no malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks detected. It responsibly handles input/output, with no suspicious data flows or insecure practices. It appears safe for use within its intended context.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}