{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to encrypt and decrypt Python code files using the TokenCryptor class from the notoken887.encryptor module, effectively obfuscating code or restoring it to readable form.",
  "sources": "Reads input Python files specified by the user through command-line arguments.",
  "sinks": "Writes output files with encrypted or decrypted code. Uses exec() to run decrypted code dynamically.",
  "flows": "Reads input file -> encrypts or decrypts content -> writes output file; decrypted code is executed via exec() within run_decrypted_code().",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic execution (exec), which can be exploited if malicious input is decrypted and executed. The code encrypts code lines selectively, which may hide malicious code from initial inspection.",
  "analysis": "The code encrypts code lines except import statements, then generates a self-contained script that decrypts and executes the code at runtime. It employs the TokenCryptor for encryption/decryption. The use of exec() with decrypted content poses a security risk if the input or encrypted content is malicious. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious network activity are present. The encryption scheme and runtime decryption/exec pattern could be used to hide malicious code, but as written, it appears intended for obfuscation. No malicious payloads are explicitly included. However, the pattern of decrypting and executing code dynamically is a common technique used in malicious obfuscation, though not inherently malicious by itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for code obfuscation through encryption and dynamic execution. While it does not contain explicit malicious payloads, its structure facilitates hiding code, which can be exploited for malicious purposes. The use of exec() on decrypted code is a notable risk factor. Overall, the code itself appears primarily intended for obfuscation, not malicious behavior, but its capabilities could be misused.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 5
}