{
  "purpose": "The code provides various geometric and image processing functions, including object extraction from labeled images, boundary smoothing, and calculating bounding boxes and convex hulls for 2D points.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as labeled images (lbl_data), binary images (BW), boundary point arrays (boundary), and point coordinate arrays (points, convex_hull). It also takes in parameters like obj_idx, disk_diam, angle, window_length, polyorder, and metric.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any data sinks that handle untrusted input directly in a manner that leads to data leaks or system effects. There are no network communications, file writes, or system command executions. The functions mainly perform calculations and data transformations.",
  "flows": "The data flows from input parameters through calculations involving array operations, filtering, rotations, and geometric computations. No external or untrusted data is processed in a way that could lead to security vulnerabilities or malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hard-coded credentials, backdoors, obfuscated code, or suspicious logic. The code relies solely on standard scientific libraries and performs legitimate geometric and image processing tasks. Comments are descriptive and indicate typical usage. No malicious behavior or privacy violations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of utility functions for image and geometric processing, with thorough input validation and comments explaining usage. Functions like get_BW_from_lbl, get_width, smoothBoundary, tmatrix, rotate_points, bbox_dimenssions, and minBoundingBox implement common algorithms with appropriate checks. No external network calls, system modifications, or hidden behaviors are present. The code appears to be standard and intended for scientific or image analysis purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains no malicious or suspicious behavior. It is well-structured, performs legitimate computational tasks, and adheres to input validation standards. There are no indicators of malware, backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious system effects.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}