{
  "purpose": "The code implements an API for managing and interacting with blockchain objects, including creation, deletion, data retrieval, and peer management, for the Walytis Beta blockchain system.",
  "sources": "User inputs via payloads decoded from bytearrays, external data via JSON payloads, environment variables, and blockchain data retrieved through the walytis_beta module.",
  "sinks": "JSON responses, file system operations (zip files and directories), networked blockchain data, and event handlers that trigger external actions.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from payloads or JSON inputs flows into blockchain management functions, potentially affecting blockchain state, data responses, or system operations; data is passed to external modules such as walytis_beta, and responses are returned as JSON-encoded bytes.",
  "anomalies": "Standard use of json.loads and json.dumps; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution. Usage of try-except blocks primarily for error logging.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical blockchain API interface, routing requests to various handler functions based on the function name extracted from incoming requests. Functions like create_block, get_block, and delete_blockchain perform standard data management tasks. Input data is parsed from bytearrays decoded from payloads, then processed, with results encoded back into JSON bytes. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as network exfiltration, code injection, or backdoor functionalities are evident. Use of JSON for data interchange is standard, and the external modules are used for cryptographic and blockchain-specific operations. Error handling via logs does not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials or secret keys are present. The publish_event function sends messages to registered handlers, potentially for distributed notification, but this behavior is typical for event-driven architectures and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an API layer for blockchain management with standard data handling practices. No signs of malicious activity, sabotage, or malware are present. It performs legitimate blockchain operations with proper input/output processing. No obfuscated or suspicious code constructs are detected. The overall security risk is low, assuming the external modules are trustworthy and secure.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}