{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes for serializing Python data structures into TOML format, supporting features like inline tables, arrays, pathlib.Path, numpy types, and custom array separators. It serves as a utility for converting data into TOML strings.",
  "sources": "Data structures passed as arguments to serialization methods (e.g., dictionaries, lists, numpy arrays, pathlib.Path objects, strings, decimals, dates). No external untrusted input is directly read from outside sources.",
  "sinks": "Generated TOML strings via string formatting and concatenation within generator functions; no external data writes, network connections, or system calls are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input data structures through formatting functions (e.g., format_literal, format_inline_table, format_string) into serialized string outputs. No external or untrusted data sources influence the flow beyond the provided data structures.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious patterns, hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation detected. The numpy import within methods is standard for optional dependencies. No unusual code constructs or misleading variable names.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, standard implementation of a TOML serializer supporting various data types and extensions. It uses safe string formatting, caching for inline tables, and handles optional dependencies appropriately. There are no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The numpy import within methods is a common pattern for optional support. The data flow is confined to serialization logic, with no external system interactions or untrusted data processing that could lead to code injection or data exfiltration.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-implemented TOML serialization utility with no malicious intent or behavior. It supports various data types and extensions but does not process untrusted input in a way that could cause security issues. The low malware and obfuscation scores are justified, and the risk score is minimal, reflecting its utility nature. Overall, the code poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}