{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for bootstrapping confidence intervals and statistical estimates, primarily for use in data analysis and statistical inference in Python.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as 'values', 'denominator_values', 'test', and 'ctrl' which are passed into the bootstrap functions. It also reads configuration parameters like 'alpha', 'num_iterations', and 'num_threads'. It uses numpy's random functions for sampling and reads from data structures like numpy arrays and scipy sparse matrices.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any network operations, file I/O, or system commands. It performs calculations only on passed data and returns statistical results. No untrusted data is sent to external systems or used in a way that could cause harm.",
  "flows": "Input data (values, denominators, test/control arrays) flow through bootstrap functions, which generate bootstrap samples, compute statistics, and produce confidence intervals or distributions. The functions are designed to handle data flow securely within memory, with no external data or commands executed.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for bootstrap statistical procedures. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns such as obfuscated code, system calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code's structure and function implementations are consistent with typical statistical bootstrap code, with no anomalies suggesting malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of bootstrap confidence interval calculations, supporting both percentile and pivotal methods. It handles sparse and dense data structures, supports multithreading, and provides functions for A/B testing analysis. No network, file, or system modifications are observed. All operations are confined to data processing within memory, and no suspicious or malicious behavior is evident. The functions use standard libraries (numpy, scipy) and perform statistical computations as expected, with no signs of sabotage or malicious code injection.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical statistical bootstrap utility without malicious behavior. It performs in-memory calculations for confidence intervals and statistical estimates, with no signs of malware or security risks. It appears safe and intended for legitimate data analysis purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}