{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for handling JWTs, parsing responses, generating PKCE codes, and error handling for an authentication system.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, response headers, and response JSON payloads.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed within functions; potential sinks include decoding functions (base64), response parsing, and error handling. No direct untrusted data sinks into dangerous operations like system commands or network connections.",
  "flows": "Input data (from responses, parameters, tokens) flows through parsing, validation, and decoding functions, ending in structured data objects or exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward, with no unusual or suspicious code patterns. The only minor concern could be the use of base64 decoding without strict validation, but this is standard for JWT handling. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. Error handling and logging are minimal, which is typical for such utility modules.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard utility module for authentication workflows, including JWT decoding, response parsing, and PKCE generation. It performs decoding, validation, and exception handling in expected ways. No evidence of malicious behavior, such as code injection, data exfiltration, or network manipulation, is detected. The functions perform safe operations, and no secret keys or credentials are hardcoded. The handling of JWTs, base64 decoding, and response parsing follow established patterns. Overall, the code seems to serve its intended purpose securely and correctly.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical utility module for authentication processes, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs standard operations such as JWT validation, response parsing, and PKCE code generation. No malicious code, backdoors, or security flaws are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}