{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for handling JWT tokens, API responses, error parsing, and cryptographic operations related to an authentication system.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as error objects, response headers, and tokens. It also reads configuration constants from imported modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include decoding functions that process tokens and response data, which could be misused if fed with malicious input. Also, response handling and exception handling could expose sensitive error messages or leak info if not properly managed.",
  "flows": "The code processes input data (errors, tokens, responses) through validation, decoding, and parsing functions. For example, 'decode_jwt' takes a token and outputs decoded parts, while 'handle_exception' interprets error responses to generate specific error objects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or backdoors are present. The cryptographic functions for PKCE and JWT decoding follow standard practices. Error handling includes potential information exposure if error messages are not sanitized, but no direct malicious code or obfuscated sections are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard cryptographic and data parsing techniques, with no signs of malicious intent. Functions such as 'str_from_base64url' and 'decode_jwt' perform safe base64 and JSON operations. Error handling captures and converts exceptions into specific error classes, with no evidence of malicious manipulation. Input validation checks are in place, for example, in 'is_valid_jwt' and 'validate_exp'. The only possible concern is if the response data or tokens are maliciously crafted, but the code itself does not contain any malicious logic or backdoors. All operations appear to be standard, secure, and appropriate for an auth system.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical utility module for JWT handling, API response parsing, and error management within an authentication context. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malware. It follows standard security practices and does not contain obfuscation or suspicious anomalies. Overall, the code appears safe and purposeful.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}