{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and parsing logic for handling authentication tokens, responses, error handling, and URL/JWT validation within an authentication SDK or service.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include: data parameter in parsing functions (e.g., parse_auth_response, parse_jwks, etc.), response headers (parse_response_api_version), and external responses such as HTTP responses. Data can also come from URL parsing and base64 decoding functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include: decoding base64url data, handling JWT tokens, and raising exceptions or errors based on parsed data. No direct data leaks or malicious sinks are evident, but improper handling of untrusted response data could lead to errors or information disclosure if misused.",
  "flows": "Data flows from raw input (HTTP responses, base64 strings, JWT tokens) through validation, decoding, and parsing functions, then into models or error handlers. Specifically, input data from responses is validated and converted into structured models, and JWT tokens are decoded and verified for structure and format.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain any obvious anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. It uses standard cryptographic and validation techniques. The only minor concern is extensive exception catching that could obscure some errors, but it appears to be for robustness rather than malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical SDK tasks such as validating JWT format, decoding base64url data, generating cryptographically secure PKCE verifiers and challenges, parsing API responses, and handling errors. It includes compatibility support for different pydantic versions and ensures proper padding for base64 operations. There are no suspicious data exfiltration points or hidden network activities. Error handling is structured and seems appropriate for the context. No code appears designed to perform malicious activities, such as network communication outside the intended scope, data theft, or sabotage. The code is clean, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard utility module for handling authentication-related data validation, decoding, and error handling. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indicators are present. It demonstrates typical security-conscious practices for token validation and response parsing. Overall, the risk of malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}