{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes for theming and styling console output using ANSI escape codes, primarily for creating colored tables with themes.",
  "sources": "Imports from __future__, local modules (.prettytable), and optional external library (colorama). No user input, network, or environment variable reads present.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs ANSI escape sequences for console styling, which could potentially be misused to hide malicious output if malicious data is injected into the styling parameters.",
  "flows": "No direct data flow from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks. The theme formatting functions could theoretically process malicious input if external data influenced color codes, but in this code, parameters are hardcoded or default.",
  "anomalies": "The only dynamic input comes from theme parameters, which are hardcoded defaults or provided at initialization; no user input or environment variables are read at runtime. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines theming classes for styling console tables with ANSI codes. It includes static defaults and optional customization via parameters. The use of format_code method ensures that styling strings are either empty, already ANSI-encoded, or converted into valid escape sequences. There are no data input sources, network calls, or suspicious logic. The external dependency 'colorama' is used only to initialize console coloring, which is standard practice. The code is straightforward and does not contain any malicious behavior or backdoors. It does not process untrusted data or execute dynamic code. No signs of obfuscation or malicious intent are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for themed console styling and table display. It does not contain any malicious behavior, suspicious data handling, or security risks. It is safe for use, assuming no external influence alters its parameters maliciously.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}