{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for handling Python type annotations, forward references, and compatibility across different Python versions, primarily for type evaluation and importing dependencies conditionally.",
  "sources": "Reading import statements, version checks, and function parameters for global and local namespace variables.",
  "sinks": "eval_type_backport function calls, eval_type_backport import, and eval_type_backport usage, which involve dynamic evaluation and import, but are used in a controlled manner.",
  "flows": "Imported versions and conditional imports influence which classes/functions are used; evaluate_forwardref calls eval_type_backport, which in turn may import eval_type_backport; error handling for dynamic imports and fallback mechanisms.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures. Use of eval is limited to controlled typing evaluations, not arbitrary code execution. Version-dependent code appears standard for compatibility.",
  "analysis": "The code performs environment checks and conditional imports to handle Python version differences. It defines utility functions for handling type annotations and forward references with compatibility support, including fallback import attempts for the eval_type_backport package. Error handling is present to manage import failures and type evaluation issues. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. Use of eval is limited to type evaluation in a safe context, with fallback mechanisms and exception handling ensuring stability. Overall, the code seems to serve legitimate purposes related to type handling and compatibility, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard utility module for managing type annotations and cross-version compatibility in Python. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. The dynamic import and evaluation are used within a controlled scope. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}