{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to load and process various datasets, primarily from public URLs, including COVID-19 data, Seinfeld episode data, Simpsons episodes, video game sales, movies, and time series data.",
  "sources": "URLs in load_csv and load_zip functions for fetching datasets, particularly from GitHub repositories. The code reads data via requests.get, pd.read_csv, and external loader functions from dtale.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data or untrusted outputs. The code primarily reads external data and processes it locally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external URLs through requests or loader functions into pandas DataFrames, with no evidence of further untrusted data influencing system commands or sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "Use of third-party loader functions ('loader_func' from dtale.cli.loaders.csv_loader) which are imported within functions, but no suspicious behavior observed. The code applies minimal data transformations, primarily renaming columns and embedding HTML in URLs. No hardcoded credentials or obfuscated code present. The code fetches scripts and images from public sources, and does not execute any untrusted code or dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code's core functionality involves downloading datasets from public URLs, loading them into pandas DataFrames, and performing simple data manipulations like merging, renaming columns, and formatting. The use of requests and zipfile to handle zip archives is standard. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, backdoors, or any hidden malicious intent. The imported third-party libraries are used in their intended way. The code does not include any suspicious patterns, such as dynamic code execution, network communication beyond data download, or handling untrusted inputs in a dangerous manner. Overall, the code appears to be benign and aimed at data analysis or visualization tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of data loading and processing functions that fetch datasets from public URLs for analysis or visualization purposes. There are no signs of malicious activity or security risks. It is considered safe, with low malware likelihood and no significant security threats detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}