{
  "purpose": "This code appears to load various datasets from external sources, including CSV files and ZIP archives, and process them into pandas DataFrames for use in data analysis or visualization tasks.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from URLs via requests (e.g., COVID-19 data, Seinfeld scripts, Simpsons episodes, video game sales, movies) and loads ZIP archives containing CSV files. It also imports standard libraries and third-party modules like numpy, pandas, requests, and dtale.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data is primarily read into DataFrames, with no evident sinks such as network transmissions, file writes, or system modifications. There are no functions or code segments that send data externally or execute untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from URL sources into load_csv or pd.read_csv calls, then into DataFrames for further processing. No untrusted input flows into critical security-sensitive functions or outputs. There are no dynamic code executions based on external input.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes import statements within functions, which is unconventional but not inherently malicious. The function 'video_games' and others rely on external ZIP files and CSVs, but this is typical for data loading scripts. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code are present. Use of 'dtale.global_state' settings and HTML string formatting are benign. No backdoors, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily composed of functions that fetch datasets from public URLs, process them, and return DataFrames. It employs standard libraries and handles data in typical ways. No suspicious or malicious activities are detected such as network-based data exfiltration, system modifications, or embedded malicious code. The use of external URLs and ZIP files is consistent with data loading operations. There are no anomalies indicating sabotage or malware. The import of modules within functions is unusual but not harmful.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of data-loading and processing functions intended for data analysis tasks. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. The data sources are public and the operations are standard. Overall, the code appears safe with no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}