{
  "purpose": "The code sets up an aiohttp web server with endpoints that return a static response and the client's IP address, and includes test cases for these endpoints, involving mocking external HTTP requests.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from query parameters (protocol) in ip_handler and from environment variables in test setup (if any). It also reads external data from 'httpbin.org/ip' via get_ip_address function.",
  "sinks": "The external HTTP requests in get_ip_address function, especially the use of protocol-based URLs, and the potential for untrusted data in query parameters.",
  "flows": "The server receives requests; the ip_handler extracts 'protocol' query parameter, calls get_ip_address, which makes an external HTTP GET request to 'protocol://httpbin.org/ip', retrieves 'origin' from the JSON response, and returns it. Test cases simulate requests and mock external calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code properly uses async HTTP requests; mocking external calls in tests does not introduce malicious behavior. No unusual code or obfuscation detected. Use of query parameters for protocol could potentially lead to malformed URLs but is not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The server code implements simple endpoints with straightforward behavior. The get_ip_address function fetches data from an external service based on the protocol provided. Test cases mock external HTTP responses using aresponses, preventing real network calls. No hardcoded secrets, no suspicious data flows, and no signs of malicious code or backdoors. The use of user-supplied 'protocol' parameter is a potential vector for malformed URL requests, but within the context of the code, it appears to be intended functionality rather than malicious behavior. Overall, the code performs standard server and test setup without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical aiohttp server with associated tests, mocking external HTTP calls. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks detected. The only minor concern is the handling of user-provided protocol in URL construction, which should be sanitized in production, but this does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}