{
  "purpose": "The code sets up an aiohttp web application with endpoints for returning a constant value and fetching IP address information via an external service. It includes test cases using pytest and aresponses for mocking.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from HTTP request parameters (request.query['protocol']), environment data from external HTTP requests to 'httpbin.org/ip' via aiohttp.ClientSession, and data from the test framework (pytest fixtures).",
  "sinks": "The external HTTP requests to 'httpbin.org/ip' could potentially leak data if manipulated, but in this context, it's fetching external IP info. No other data sinks that would leak or modify data maliciously are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameter 'protocol' is used to construct the URL for get_ip_address. This URL is called via aiohttp ClientSession, and the response is processed to extract IP. No untrusted data is written back to untrusted sinks; responses are returned to clients with fixed or data-derived content.",
  "anomalies": "The code relies on external services for IP retrieval, which is standard. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code uses aresponses passthrough for local testing, which is standard practice. No obfuscated code or suspicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a web application with two endpoints: one returning a fixed value and another returning the IP address based on a query parameter. External HTTP requests are made to 'httpbin.org/ip' via aiohttp, but these are standard API calls without malicious intent. The test functions utilize pytest and aresponses for mocking external services, which is common for isolated testing. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads. The code appears to be legitimate for testing aiohttp applications and external API integration.",
  "conclusion": "The code is standard application and test code for aiohttp with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It follows common patterns for web app testing and external API calls, with no suspicious activity observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}