{
  "purpose": "The code sets up an aiohttp web application with endpoints to return a fixed response and fetch an IP address from an external service, along with test cases for these endpoints.",
  "sources": "The code reads query parameters from incoming HTTP requests and makes outbound HTTP requests to external services (httpbin.org) using aiohttp.ClientSession.",
  "sinks": "Outbound HTTP requests to external URLs, including dynamic URLs based on input parameters (protocol), which could be manipulated to influence request behavior or target different endpoints.",
  "flows": "Input query parameter 'protocol' from incoming requests influences the URL used in the outbound get_ip_address function, which makes an external request. The response from external services is then returned in the response.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No evidence of obfuscated code. No hidden backdoors or suspicious network activity detected. Use of passthrough in testing is standard practice, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement a simple web application with two routes: one returning a constant value and another fetching an IP address from an external service based on a protocol query parameter. The tests mock external calls and verify functionality. External requests are made to httpbin.org, which is standard for testing HTTP clients. There is no malicious code, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious behavior. The usage of aiohttp for external calls and pytest for testing aligns with typical patterns. No indicators of supply chain attacks or malicious payloads are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward web application with associated tests, demonstrating typical usage of aiohttp and pytest. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected. The external requests are standard test interactions with httpbin.org, and the overall structure appears legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}