{
  "purpose": "This code defines a class for handling spectral data and sensitivity analysis for detectors, including loading data from FITS files, plotting, and computing flux-related quantities.",
  "sources": "Reads data from FITS files (specifically wavelength solutions) using os.path.isfile and fits.open; loads Vega data via load_vega(); reads header info; takes input quantities for calculations.",
  "sinks": "Potentially outputs data to plots, returns calculated values; no direct data leaks or external communication observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from FITS files into class attributes; user inputs (quantities) into methods; data processed and returned as numerical or plot outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded secrets present. Use of dynamic plotting styles and interpolation appears standard. The class and method names are obfuscated, which is unusual but not malicious per se. No obfuscated code or code injection observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard spectral data processing: it loads FITS files, extracts headers and data, and plots spectral sensitivities. It computes flux ratios and magnitudes using well-established formulas, with proper unit checks. The data flow involves reading files and user inputs, performing numerical integrations, and plotting. No external network communication, no file system manipulation beyond reading data, and no suspicious or malicious behavior detected. The obfuscated class name and method names could suggest code hiding or lack of transparency but are not inherently malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a standard scientific data processing class with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate scientific utility for spectral data analysis. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The obfuscation of class and method names is unusual but not malicious. The code is well-contained and does not perform harmful actions or external communications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}