{
  "purpose": "The code provides a command-line interface for building, publishing, installing, and initializing Python packages, primarily managing paths, dependencies, and packaging formats.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (e.g., FLIT_INSTALL_PYTHON), command-line arguments, and subprocess calls for resolving the Python executable path.",
  "sinks": "Subprocess call in find_python_executable() which executes 'import sys; print(sys.executable)' to determine the absolute path of the Python interpreter.",
  "flows": "Input from environment variables or command-line arguments flows into find_python_executable(), which uses subprocess to execute Python code, then returns the resolved path; this path is used for package installation or other subprocess-based operations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns; subprocess usage is standard for path resolution. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical CLI utility for Python packaging tasks. The find_python_executable() function uses subprocess to execute a simple Python command to determine the interpreter's absolute path, which is a common and controlled pattern. No hardcoded secrets, network activity, or obfuscation are present. The argument parsing and environment variable handling are straightforward. The subprocess call could theoretically be exploited if the environment is compromised, but in standard use, it is safe. The overall code structure and logic are clear and standard for such tools.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign CLI utility for managing Python packages. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or obfuscation. The subprocess call used for path resolution is a common pattern and does not pose a significant security risk in normal environments. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the overall security risk is very low (~0.1-0.2). The code can be considered safe and trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}