{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and methods for interacting with web services, specifically for managing and retrieving objects via SOAP and REST APIs, including describe, configure, get, create, update, delete, and continuation operations.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include HTTP responses, method parameters (props, search_filter, options), and environment-related data such as auth tokens.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include HTTP requests (requests.get, requests.post, requests.patch, requests.delete), JSON parsing, and dynamic URL construction. Sensitive data such as tokens are used in headers.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (props, filters, options, URL parameters) flow into HTTP request construction, JSON serialization/deserialization, and dynamic URL manipulation, then into HTTP calls. Response data flows into object attributes and further processing.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or misleading variables are detected. Use of try-except around JSON parsing may hide errors but isn't inherently malicious. No hidden backdoors or unusual behavior are identified.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard API interaction patterns for SOAP and REST APIs, with typical input validation and request handling. All network interactions use standard requests library calls with tokens in headers. The data flow appears straightforward: inputs to request construction, responses parsed into object attributes. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network behavior are observed. The code does not perform any malicious actions such as data exfiltration, command execution, or unauthorized access. The exception handling around JSON parsing is typical and does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code's structure and logic are consistent with legitimate API client libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API client library for managing objects via SOAP and REST APIs. No malicious behavior or sabotage is evident. The code's purpose is to facilitate API interactions, not to perform any harmful actions. Security risks are minimal and related only to standard API interactions; no malicious or maliciously obfuscated code is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}