{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive SDK for interacting with SOAP and REST web services, primarily for Salesforce Marketing Cloud (ExactTarget). It handles request construction, response parsing, token management, and object operations such as describe, configure, get, create, update, delete, and pagination.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for API calls (response objects, request properties, filters, options), environment variables for tokens and URLs, and data passed into class methods for constructing requests.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request execution via requests library, response JSON parsing, dynamic URL and payload assembly, and exception raising for invalid input.",
  "flows": "Input data (properties, filters, options) flow into request construction methods, which generate API requests. Responses from SOAP or REST endpoints are parsed and stored in object attributes, with potential for further request continuation or object manipulation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or backdoors detected. The code uses dynamic URL and payload construction, which could be risky if inputs are malicious, but no malicious activity is evident. Exception handling is generic, but no unusual or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-structured SDK for SOAP and REST API interactions. It manages tokens, constructs requests dynamically from input parameters, and parses responses in a typical manner. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or sabotage are present. The response handling and request flows are straightforward, with no hardcoded secrets or suspicious logic. The exception handling is generic but does not introduce security concerns. The dynamic URL and payload assembly are typical for such SDKs but should be used carefully with untrusted inputs. Overall, the code appears legitimate and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard SDK for web service interactions with no malicious features or obfuscation. The low malware and obfuscated scores are justified, and the security risk score of 0.2 reflects minimal concern, primarily due to dynamic request construction which is typical in SDKs. No evidence of malicious intent or sabotage is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}