{
  "purpose": "The code is a set of test functions for verifying the behavior of the 'extract_key_frames' function from the 'label_studio_tools.postprocessing.video' module. Its purpose is to validate frames extraction logic under various scenarios.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are the 'example' dictionaries within each test function, which simulate label studio annotation data with sequences of frame annotations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not have explicit sinks that process untrusted data, perform network operations, or write to system files. No external or potentially malicious outputs are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'example' input dictionaries through the 'extract_key_frames' function, and the resulting 'key_frames' list is examined via assertions. There are no indications of untrusted data being used insecurely.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of suspicious or unusual code behaviors, such as hardcoded secrets, dynamic code execution, or obfuscation. The code consists purely of test cases with static data and assertions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of test functions designed to validate the correctness of frame extraction logic in a video annotation context. It creates various 'example' data structures with different configurations of frame sequences, including enabled/disabled states, frame counts, and time stamps. The 'extract_key_frames' function is invoked, and its output is checked against expected properties using assertions. There is no use of dynamic execution, external data fetching, or suspicious code constructs. The test data appears purely illustrative and not malicious. The overall structure is standard for unit testing, with no indication of malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign set of test cases for validating frame extraction logic. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious code patterns, and no external security risks. It does not perform any network operations, data leaks, or covert activities. Overall, the code is safe and solely intended for testing purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}