{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for static analysis of Python source code, including resolving imports, analyzing class and function properties, extracting annotations, and managing AST nodes for code inspection.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from AST nodes, such as import statements, function and class definitions, annotations, and string constants.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include string representations of constants, inferred node values, and code comments used for annotations or docstrings.",
  "flows": "Data flows from source AST nodes through various resolution functions, such as 'resolve_import_alias', 'resolve_qualname', and '_resolve_annotation', which process and produce strings for annotations, names, and constants.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs identified. The code uses standard static analysis patterns without obfuscated or misleading variable names. No network, file, or environment variable access detected. The import resolution and inference procedures are typical for code analysis tools.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive static analysis utility for Python code using astroid. It resolves import aliases, computes full qualified names, extracts constants and annotations, and inspects class and function properties. All functions operate on AST nodes with no direct system, network, or file I/O. No malicious patterns such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors are evident. The functions do not perform any harmful actions, only analysis and string processing. The overall structure is typical for a code inspection library, with no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign static analysis utility library for Python source code. It contains no malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms. It operates by inspecting AST nodes for code metadata and does not perform any harmful actions. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}