{
  "purpose": "A web application providing user authentication, setup, and system monitoring features.",
  "sources": "Form data inputs, filesystem checks, system info queries, environment variables, and request data.",
  "sinks": "Template rendering, redirects, static file serving, database queries, and user session management.",
  "flows": "User inputs flow into database queries and template displays; system info is used for monitoring dashboards.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated import from 'sys' with a non-standard attribute, obscure variable and function names, use of modules with non-descriptive names, and obfuscation in import statements.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard web app functions such as login, setup, and system info display. Obfuscation is present through obscure variable names and suspicious import statements, notably from 'sys' with a non-standard attribute, which could suggest concealment. No evidence of malicious network activity, payloads, or data exfiltration is observed. The obfuscation appears intentional but does not necessarily indicate malicious intent; it could be for code concealment or protection. The low malware scores across reports align with the absence of malicious behavior. The obfuscation scores are higher, reflecting suspicion but not confirmed malicious activity. Overall, the code seems benign but warrants caution due to obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical web application with user management and system info features. Heavy obfuscation and suspicious import statements are noted but no concrete evidence of malware or malicious activity. The supply chain risk remains low, though the obfuscation warrants monitoring. The malware score is set to 0, consistent with the analysis, and the obfuscation score is adjusted to 0.7 to reflect the suspicion level. The overall security risk is moderate at 0.3 due to obfuscation concerns but no active threats identified.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}