{
  "purpose": "The code is part of a web application that manages user authentication, setup, and displays system resource information.",
  "sources": "Input sources include HTTP request data (request.WzSKHuKadpRWXgoSlfFurKQVbKMSkZax), environment checks, and user credentials from form submissions.",
  "sinks": "Data is used in database queries (filter_by), user login (login_user), and rendering templates. Static files are served via send_from_directory.",
  "flows": "User inputs (username, password, email) flow into database queries and authentication logic; request data flows into validation and database filtering; server responses depend on these inputs.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual import: 'from sys import vTZvMuKJdglsPbMVZFVBmlTYMpZmVqya'—a non-standard import from sys that is unused. Presence of obfuscated-looking variable names and functions with random alphanumeric names suggests code obfuscation or generated code. No hardcoded credentials found. The code loads modules dynamically without direct obfuscation but has confusing variable naming. No explicit malicious network activity or backdoors detected. The code accesses system info and handles user auth securely, but the obfuscation raises suspicion.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement a typical Flask web app with user authentication, setup, and status pages. The obfuscated import and variables suggest possible code hiding or automated code generation. User credentials are validated against a database; no credentials are hardcoded. Input validation is basic but sufficient for standard web form handling. The code loads system info and displays it, with no suspicious network activity or data leaks present. The presence of obfuscated identifiers indicates potential obfuscation rather than malicious intent, but it warrants caution. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or unauthorized data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. The code structure is standard, but the obfuscation and unusual import raise a low to moderate suspicion about potential concealment of malicious code or a compromised dependency.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a typical web application with user login, setup, and resource monitoring features. There is no clear evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The obfuscated variable names and unusual import could indicate obfuscation or generated code, warranting further investigation, but no malicious activity is directly evident. Overall, the package appears relatively benign but slightly suspicious due to naming patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}