{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and methods for handling SQL lineage analysis and graph-based data flow tracking, including subquery and statement-level lineage, column-level lineage, and graph composition.",
  "sources": "Code reads node attributes (e.g., NodeTag.READ, NodeTag.WRITE, NodeTag.CTE, NodeTag.DROP, NodeTag.RENAME, NodeTag.SELFLOOP, NodeTag.SOURCE_ONLY, NodeTag.TARGET_ONLY) from the networkx DiGraph nodes, and edges for lineage, aliasing, renaming, and column relationships.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points include methods adding edges (e.g., add_column_lineage, add_destination, add_target_column, add_read, add_write, add_cte, add_drop, add_rename) which manipulate the graph with untrusted data, but no network or system commands are executed. No sinks directly send data over network or write to files.",
  "flows": "Data flows from node attribute reads (sources) into graph modifications via edge additions and attribute settings. For example, add_read/add_write set node properties, add_column_lineage/add_destination add edges indicating lineage, and graph composition merges multiple lineage graphs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code does not perform any dynamic execution, obfuscation, or system modifications. The only noteworthy point is the use of 'nx.relabel_nodes' which is a safe graph operation. No unusual or suspicious code paths are identified. The handle_wildcard function is invoked but without details; assumed safe. No obfuscated code, no malicious backdoors, or hidden functionalities are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily designed for constructing, merging, and querying SQL lineage graphs using networkx. It manages node attributes, edge types, and node relationships to model complex data lineage. The methods are focused on graph operations like adding nodes/edges, setting attributes, and composing graphs. No code shows attempts to access external resources, execute system commands, or perform malicious activities. The functions are consistent with data lineage tracking and graph manipulation, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate, well-structured implementation for SQL lineage analysis, with no indications of malicious behavior or security threats. It relies on standard graph operations and data modeling. No malicious activity, backdoors, or security breaches are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}