{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and methods for representing, manipulating, and analyzing SQL lineage graphs, including table and column relationships, for use in a SQL lineage tracking tool.",
  "sources": "Data is read from graph nodes and edges, including node attributes, node types, and edge attributes such as lineage type and column indices.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods that modify the graph by adding edges or nodes, relabeling nodes, or removing nodes, especially in functions like 'nx.relabel_nodes', 'g.remove_node', and 'g.remove_edge'. No external data is explicitly used.",
  "flows": "Flow occurs internally within methods manipulating the graph: reading node attributes (sources), processing lineage relationships, and updating or removing nodes and edges (sinks).",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive graph manipulation, including relabeling nodes and removing nodes based on certain conditions. There are no evident hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activities. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns are present. The use of 'nx.relabel_nodes' could potentially alter graph structure maliciously if misused externally, but within this code, it appears part of legitimate lineage processing.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily builds and manipulates lineage graphs representing SQL query relationships, with methods for adding read/write targets, target columns, and handling node properties like drop or rename. It includes functions for assembling multiple lineage holders into a combined graph, identifying self-loops, source-only, and target-only tables. No external inputs or untrusted data sources are evident; all data appears to be internal graph data. No code injection, data leakage, or network activity is present. The graph modifications, including node relabeling and node removal, are standard for lineage processing and do not suggest malicious intent. The handling of wildcard expansion is controlled via a flag, and no suspicious behavior arises from its use. Overall, the code performs expected lineage graph operations without signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation for managing SQL lineage graphs. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It efficiently performs lineage analysis and graph transformations without external malicious influences.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}