{
  "purpose": "The code defines error types, issue codes, and a class for handling and representing errors within the Superset application, focusing on error messaging, classification, and reporting.",
  "sources": "The code reads static string constants for error types, issue codes, and error level definitions, and accesses predefined dictionaries for error-to-issue code mappings. It does not read input or external data sources.",
  "sinks": "The code generates error messages and structures for client responses, including issue codes and messages, which could potentially be used to leak internal error information if exposed improperly.",
  "flows": "Static error type definitions and mappings are used to construct error objects, which are then converted into dictionaries for client responses. There are no dynamic data flows from untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies or unusual code patterns. The code is standard for error handling and reporting within a web application context. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious logic are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured implementation of error classification and messaging. It uses static, predefined constants and mappings to generate error responses, which is common in application error handling. There are no signs of obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or malicious logic. All data and code flow are predictable and based on static definitions, with no external data inputs or network communications. The purpose is to facilitate error reporting in a controlled manner.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, non-malicious implementation of error handling for the Superset application. It does not contain any malware or malicious behavior, nor does it exhibit obfuscation or security risks. It serves its purpose of structured error reporting without exposing sensitive information or creating security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}