{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to generate random geographical data such as coordinates, country codes, city names, and other location-based information for testing, simulation, or data generation purposes.",
  "sources": "Code reads data primarily from local static lists (e.g., country codes, city names, street names) and from random number generators (via imported 'random', 'uniform', 'randint', 'choice', 'normal').",
  "sinks": "No sinks found that process or transmit untrusted data; the functions generate data locally and return it without external side effects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from random number functions and static lists into the returned data (e.g., selecting random country codes, city names, or generating random coordinates). No untrusted external input influences the flow; all sources are deterministic or random within the code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code uses standard libraries and functions without obfuscation. No suspicious or unusual code constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code utilizes standard Python modules and locally defined lists for data generation. Functions for geographical calculations and data (e.g., latitude, longitude, country code, city) are straightforward and do not involve external inputs. The 'point_on_earth' function calculates random points on Earth's surface, with an optional central point and maximum distance, using well-known formulas. The 'altitude' function offers different distributions, including 'normal' and 'coastal'. No code injection, external network access, or data leakage mechanisms are present. The code does not perform any harmful operations, nor does it contain obfuscated or malicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for generating random geographical data without malicious intent. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or security risks. The functions rely on standard libraries and static data, with no external or untrusted input processing beyond randomness. Overall, the code is safe and intended for data simulation purposes.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 4
}