{
  "purpose": "The code provides a command-line interface for managing models, deployments, and resources within the Fireworks platform, including validation, uploading, deploying, and retrieving schemas and resources.",
  "sources": "User input prompts for account selection, environment variables for API keys, file system reads for configuration and resource files, network requests to Fireworks API endpoints, and subprocess spawning for distributed validation.",
  "sinks": "Network calls to Fireworks API (e.g., list_models, get_model, create_model, create_deployment), file uploads via signed URLs, user prompts for account selection, environment variables for API keys, subprocess management for distributed validation.",
  "flows": "Source inputs include user prompts, environment variables, and configuration files; data flows through API requests, resource parsing, and file uploads; validation and deployment processes involve subprocess spawning and network communication; results are output via print and JSON dumps.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. Use of subprocesses and network requests are standard for distributed ML workflows. No suspicious external calls or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive CLI tool for managing ML models and deployments on Fireworks, utilizing standard libraries and practices. It handles resource parsing, API interactions, file uploads with signed URLs, and distributed validation via torch.multiprocessing. No malicious or obfuscated code is present. The environment variable usage for API keys and network requests are typical for such tools. User prompts for account selection are standard UX features. The subprocess management for distributed validation is a common pattern in ML workflows. Overall, the code appears legitimate, secure, and well-structured.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate CLI for resource management and deployment within the Fireworks platform. No signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or security risks are evident. The scores are consistent with the analysis, with malware and obfuscated scores at 0, and a very low security risk (~0.1) reflecting operational considerations rather than threats.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}