{
  "purpose": "This code provides a class for interacting with the TMDb API to retrieve information about people, including details, credits, images, external IDs, and search functionality.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from method parameters such as person_id, term, page, start_date, end_date, and append_to_response; these are used to construct API request URLs and query parameters.",
  "sinks": "API request methods (_request_obj) are invoked with constructed URLs and parameters, which could potentially lead to injection if parameters are maliciously crafted. The code itself does not directly process or execute untrusted data but relies on external input to form URL parameters.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., person_id, term, page, dates) flow into URL formatting and query parameter strings, which are then used to make API requests via _request_obj.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are detected. Use of warnings.warn for deprecation notice is standard. The code structure appears straightforward with no obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or suspicious variable naming.",
  "analysis": "The class defines methods to retrieve various data from TMDb API by constructing URLs with user-supplied parameters. The parameters are interpolated into URL strings and query strings without evident sanitization, but as these are used in API request context, injection risks are minimal unless the underlying _request_obj method is vulnerable. No hardcoded secrets, malicious payloads, or suspicious code patterns are present. The deprecation warning in the search method is normal. Overall, the code appears to be a standard API client wrapper without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate API wrapper for TMDb, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles user input to construct API requests but does not perform unsafe operations or include malicious payloads. The risk of misuse is limited to the external API request layer, which is outside the scope of this code. No malware or obfuscation detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}