{
  "purpose": "This code provides a wrapper for interacting with AWS Cognito services, managing user authentication, user profile management, MFA, and identity providers.",
  "sources": "Data sources include environment variables (env), user input for tokens and credentials, AWS Cognito responses, and external requests to fetch JWKS keys.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (requests.get, boto3.client methods), environment variables (env), token verification, and attribute updates. Sensitive data such as tokens and credentials are handled, but not directly exposed or leaked in this code.",
  "flows": "Sources of credentials and tokens (input, environment, network responses) flow into verification, user management, and attribute update methods; data is then sent over network requests or used internally for authentication processes.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious or hidden code behaviors are detected. The code uses standard libraries and AWS SDK calls, with no evidence of obfuscation or malicious code patterns. All external network requests are related to valid AWS Cognito endpoints. No backdoors or hidden functionalities are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a comprehensive wrapper for AWS Cognito, including token verification, user management, MFA, and identity provider management. It performs standard operations such as token validation, user registration, attribute management, and MFA setup, all of which are typical for a secure AWS Cognito integration. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible. External network requests are used for JWKS retrieval, which is standard. The handling of tokens and credentials follows expected secure patterns. There are no suspicious functions, no unusual data flows, and no obfuscated or malicious constructs identified. The code appears well-structured for legitimate user management and authentication tasks, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, secure wrapper for AWS Cognito functionalities. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage elements. It uses established AWS SDK methods and best practices for token verification and user management. Overall, it appears safe and intended for legitimate security and user management operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}