{
  "purpose": "The code provides a wrapper and utility functions for interacting with AWS Cognito user pools, managing user attributes, authentication, and MFA workflows.",
  "sources": "External data sources include environment variables (env), AWS Cognito responses, JWT tokens, and HTTP requests to fetch JWKS.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive operations include updating user attributes, authentication tokens, and calling AWS SDK methods that modify user states or retrieve user info.",
  "flows": "Sources like JWT tokens and environment variables flow into token verification and key retrieval functions. Data flows from external responses (e.g., Cognito API calls) into internal user objects, attribute updates, and token management. Sinks are primarily AWS SDK calls that modify user states or fetch info.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains hardcoded strings for AWS endpoints, token handling, and attribute management, but no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious network behaviors are directly visible. The get_keys method dynamically retrieves JWKS, which is standard. No evidence of obfuscated code, backdoors, or hidden data leaks. No suspicious or malicious logic, such as unauthorized data exfiltration, hidden network connections, or cryptomining activity, is present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily functions as a client-side wrapper around AWS Cognito APIs, handling user authentication, token verification, user management, MFA, and identity provider configuration. It uses secure JWT verification, retrieves JWKS dynamically or from environment, and interacts with AWS services via boto3. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or hidden behaviors are observed. The operations performed are typical for identity management. The code does not exhibit obfuscation, malicious payloads, or suspicious data flows. It adheres to expected patterns for AWS Cognito integrations.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate and standard implementation for managing users and authentication via AWS Cognito. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. The code performs expected functions with no suspicious or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}