{
  "purpose": "This code implements a FastAPI-based Fibonacci sequence API with health check and blocklist management features.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from URL path parameters (sequence_number, page, limit) and potentially from request bodies if any were added (not shown here).",
  "sinks": "The main data flows involve passing sequence numbers to CRUD functions that handle blocklist updates and Fibonacci calculations. No direct untrusted data to sensitive sinks like system commands or database queries are evident.",
  "flows": "Path parameters (sequence_number, page, limit) are validated via Pydantic types and used as arguments for CRUD functions. These functions presumably process or retrieve data based on these inputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. Usage of imports and functions appears standard. No evidence of obfuscated code or dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code defines API endpoints for retrieving Fibonacci numbers, ranges, and managing a blocklist. Input validation is performed via Pydantic models and types, reducing risk of injection. The actual implementation of CRUD functions is not provided, limiting deep analysis; however, based on their usage, they appear to perform typical data management tasks. No unsafe code practices or malicious behaviors are evident in this module. No external system commands, network communications, or data leaks are observed within this code. The overall design is standard and secure, assuming the CRUD functions are implemented securely.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured API implementation with input validation and data management. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks within this module. It relies on external CRUD functions, which should be reviewed separately for security, but the provided code itself is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}