{
  "purpose": "This code implements a simple Fibonacci sequence API with endpoints for retrieving Fibonacci numbers, ranges, and managing a blocklist.",
  "sources": "User input is received via URL path parameters 'sequence_number', 'limit', and 'page'. These are parsed as specific types from 'fibonacci_api.types', notably 'SequenceNumber' and 'PositiveInt'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'crud' module functions: 'get_fibonacci', 'get_fibonacci_range', 'update_block_list', 'get_block_list', 'delete_from_block_list', and 'delete_all_from_block_list'. These functions might access or modify data stores, but their implementation is not provided. The code itself does not execute untrusted code or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Input from URL parameters flows into CRUD functions that likely access data stores or perform logic based on the inputs. The 'crud' functions are called asynchronously or synchronously, passing user-provided data, which could be validated or sanitized within those functions.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, suspicious code patterns, or obfuscated segments. The code properly uses FastAPI features, and the only dynamic parts are data requests and CRUD operations. The 'crud' module is external and its implementation is unknown, which leaves some uncertainty about internal behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a FastAPI application with several endpoints for retrieving Fibonacci numbers, ranges, and managing a blocklist. Input validation appears to be handled via Pydantic models ('SequenceNumber', 'PositiveInt'), reducing risk of injection. The endpoints invoke 'crud' functions, which are external and not shown; their internal logic is unknown. There are no signs of malicious code, such as network calls, file manipulations, or system commands. The code adheres to standard API design and validation practices. The blocklist management functions suggest user-controlled data modification but do not inherently indicate malicious intent. No suspicious or malicious patterns detected within this source code itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a Fibonacci sequence API with blocklist management. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security vulnerabilities within this source code. The primary concern is the 'crud' module, which is external and its implementation is unknown; however, based on this code alone, no malicious activity is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}