{
  "purpose": "The code implements a FastAPI application providing a Fibonacci sequence API, with endpoints for retrieving Fibonacci numbers, ranges, and managing a block list.",
  "sources": "Input sources include URL path parameters (sequence_number, page, limit) which are validated through Pydantic models and enums. No direct user input is read from other sources.",
  "sinks": "Data is returned via API responses; no untrusted data is written to files, external systems, or executed as code. CRUD operations on block list modify internal state, not external systems.",
  "flows": "User inputs (sequence_number, page, limit) flow through request handlers, validated, and passed to CRUD functions. Data flows into response objects; no untrusted data affects system internals outside controlled data validation.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or suspicious constructs. No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code structure is straightforward and aligns with standard FastAPI practices.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a REST API for Fibonacci calculations with endpoints for retrieving specific Fibonacci numbers, ranges, and managing a block list. Input validation is handled via Pydantic models and enums, preventing injection or malicious input exploitation. The CRUD functions are imported from an external module, but their usage appears standard and limited to internal state management (block list). There are no indications of code injection, data exfiltration, or system compromise mechanisms. The code is well-structured, with proper endpoint definitions and error handling for specific conditions (e.g., item on block list). No suspicious external network activity, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident. Overall, the code appears to be a typical, harmless API implementation without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard FastAPI implementation providing Fibonacci calculations with block list management. There are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks within this code snippet. It appears to be safe and aligns with common API patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}