{
  "purpose": "The code primarily imports a comprehensive set of modules and functions from the teradataml library for data analysis, machine learning, geospatial analysis, visualization, and utility functions, setting up the environment for data processing and analytics.",
  "sources": "Imports modules and functions from teradataml packages, including common utilities, context, dataframe, database utilities, analytics, hyperparameter tuning, options, utils, and other submodules. Also reads environment variables via os.path.dirname and session_queryband configuration.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks or data output points are present in the code. No untrusted data is handled directly, and no network or file operations are visible beyond imports and configuration.",
  "flows": "No data flow or execution flow involving untrusted input is evident. The code only sets up imports and configurations without processing user input or untrusted data sources.",
  "anomalies": "The code consists entirely of import statements and a configuration call for session_queryband. No suspicious, unusual, or malicious code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are detected. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The script imports a wide array of modules from the teradataml library, covering dataframes, analytics, geospatial, plotting, hyperparameter tuning, and utility functions. It also configures session_queryband with app name and version, which is standard for tracking sessions. There are no data processing, evaluation, or external connections directly implemented. The script appears to be setting up the environment for a larger application rather than executing any malicious actions. The absence of network activity, file handling, or dynamic code execution suggests low risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard setup script that imports necessary modules and configures session parameters for a data analytics environment. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. Overall, it appears safe with no security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}