{
  "purpose": "The code establishes network connections to habr.com, performs HTTP requests, handles cryptographic keys and certificates, and logs cryptographic material. It appears to set up TLS-like communication with obfuscated cryptographic handling.",
  "sources": "Reads input from socket connections, loads cryptographic key and certificate files, accesses hardcoded request bytes, and logs cryptographic components such as public key parts.",
  "sinks": "Sends and receives data over socket connections, writes cryptographic keys/certs to files, logs sensitive cryptographic information, and processes network responses.",
  "flows": "Source inputs include socket data, cryptographic files, and hardcoded request bytes. Data flows through cryptographic setup, network transmission, and logging. Potential source-to-sink paths involve cryptographic key handling leading to logging or network communication.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of obfuscated class and variable names, static cryptographic data and request bytes, logging of cryptographic key components, handling of private keys and certificates without validation, and static host/port configurations. The code also loads cryptographic material from files and logs sensitive information, which is suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code connects to a known host over port 443, performs cryptographic operations with custom classes, loads private keys and certificates, and logs cryptographic components such as public key parts. Obfuscation and static cryptographic data suggest potential concealment or malicious intent, such as covert channels or backdoors. No explicit malicious actions like data exfiltration or command execution are observed, but the structure and handling practices are concerning. The cryptographic handling and logging practices could be exploited for malicious purposes if misused. The obfuscation further increases suspicion, indicating possible concealment of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "While no direct malicious activity is confirmed, the code exhibits high obfuscation, cryptographic material handling, and logging of sensitive data, which are common indicators of potential malicious intent or covert operations. The overall security risk is moderate to high, and the code should be reviewed thoroughly before deployment or inclusion in supply chains. The malware likelihood remains moderate, primarily due to obfuscation and cryptographic handling, but no definitive malicious payloads are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}