{
  "purpose": "The code defines a decorator function for sending notifications via DingTalk before, during, and after the execution of a wrapped function, mainly for monitoring training processes and crashes.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables ('RANK'), input parameters ('webhook_url', 'secret', 'user_mentions', 'keywords'), and function arguments passed to the wrapped function.",
  "sinks": "Sends HTTP POST requests to DingTalk webhook URLs, including encrypted URLs if 'secret' is provided, potentially exposing notification data over the network.",
  "flows": "Input data from environment variables, parameters, and function calls flow into notification message construction and are sent via HTTP requests, especially in exception handling and completion scenarios.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code constructs encrypted URLs with HMAC and Base64, which is standard for DingTalk security. The use of 'requests.post' in all notification cases is typical. No hidden or suspicious logic. No code obfuscation detected. The code handles distributed training environments via environment variables.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a notification mechanism that sends messages before, during, and after function execution, including error cases. It uses standard cryptographic practices for encrypting webhook URLs when 'secret' is used, and communicates over HTTP(S). No malicious code such as system commands, data exfiltration, or backdoors is evident. The only notable behavior is network communication for notifications, which is typical for monitoring tools. No suspicious data leaks, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a benign notification wrapper intended for monitoring machine learning training workflows. It securely constructs encrypted URLs for DingTalk notifications and does not exhibit malicious behavior or malware characteristics.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}