{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for video processing, image projection visualization, fluorescence data analysis, and TIFF file handling, primarily for neuroscience imaging data.",
  "sources": "User input paths for video files, TIFF files, and directories from which numpy arrays ('F.npy', 'Fneu.npy', 'spks.npy', 'iscell.npy') are loaded; environment variables are not directly used.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage through printing or saving figures, but no explicit data exfiltration or external network connection points are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file inputs (video, TIFF, numpy arrays) through processing functions like smoothing, normalization, and projections. No untrusted external data is fed into network or system commands beyond standard subprocess for ffmpeg.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are evident. The subprocess call to ffmpeg is standard for video processing. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution appears. No hidden or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard data processing and visualization tasks: loading numpy arrays, combining TIFFs, resizing masks, converting grayscale stacks to RGBA, plotting projections with optional masks, and calculating ΔF/F₀ signals. All functions use typical libraries without any suspicious code. The subprocess call uses ffmpeg with safe parameters for video interpolation, and there are no signs of malicious payloads or code injection. The handling of input and output files follows normal conventions; no external network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate data analysis script without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard data processing and visualization utility for neuroscience imaging data. It does not contain any malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The only noteworthy aspect is the use of ffmpeg for video processing, which is common and not inherently malicious. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}