{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for processing and visualizing imaging data, including video smoothing, image resizing, converting grayscale stacks to RGBA, loading fluorescence traces, plotting projections, and combining TIFF files.",
  "sources": "Reads input file paths for video, TIFF stacks, and data files; loads data from numpy files; reads image data via tifffile.imread; reads environment variables and system commands via subprocess.",
  "sinks": "Uses subprocess to run ffmpeg for video processing; loads data from numpy files; reads TIFF files; loads stats and cell masks; generates plots. No explicit untrusted data sinks are observed that could lead to data leaks or malicious control.",
  "flows": "Inputs (file paths, numpy arrays) are processed and sometimes passed to external tools like ffmpeg via subprocess. Data flows from file reads or numpy loads into processing functions, visualization, or external command execution.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments detected. Usage of subprocess.run for ffmpeg is standard. No obfuscated code or misleading variable names observed. The code appears to follow typical data processing routines.",
  "analysis": "The code contains data processing functions related to imaging, including smoothing videos via ffmpeg, resizing masks, converting grayscale to RGBA, loading fluorescence data, and plotting projections with optional overlays. External command execution via subprocess appears to be controlled and standard. File I/O operations use numpy and tifffile libraries, with no signs of malicious data manipulation. The overall structure is typical for scientific image processing pipelines. No hardcoded credentials, network communication, or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. The functions are designed for legitimate data analysis tasks, and no malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard scientific data processing script with no malicious intent or malicious behaviors detected. It securely handles file inputs and uses well-known libraries. No signs of malware, backdoors, or supply chain attacks are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}