{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for loading, saving, and visualizing 3D and 2D objects, primarily for CAD or 3D printing purposes.",
  "sources": "Input sources include filenames for load/save functions, and possibly objects passed to 'view' function. Data is read from files during load, and from objects during save and view.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or effects could occur at file write operations (save, _save_svg), network requests (view), and the reading of object data (loading meshes).",
  "flows": "Data flows from file inputs into mesh loading functions, then into object construction; for 'view', data flows from object properties to network requests for visualization; for save functions, object data flows into file outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The network request in '_view_handler' is intended for visualization. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual behavior observed. No external command execution or suspicious imports beyond standard libraries and expected modules.",
  "analysis": "The script implements standard file I/O for 3D and 2D models, uses network communication for visualization, and includes functions for polygon winding calculation. Imports are typical for such tasks. No signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors are detected. The network code communicates with a specified CAD viewer host; this is consistent with intended visualization functionality. The code does not process untrusted input in insecure ways, nor does it contain suspicious patterns. Overall, the code appears to be a typical, legitimate library for 3D/2D object handling and visualization.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation for loading, saving, and visualizing CAD/3D objects. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The network communication is purpose-driven for visualization and does not pose security threats. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}