{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for loading, saving, viewing, and manipulating 3D and 2D geometric objects, including rendering and file export functionalities.",
  "sources": "Reads include file inputs in 'load' and 'save' functions, and JSON data in '_view_handler' during network communication. The 'view' function reads object data for visualization.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to a CAD viewer server, file writes in 'save' and '_save_svg', and potentially untrusted JSON data received indirectly through network communication.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file inputs into mesh creation or object instantiation, from objects to visualization data, and from visualization data into network requests. File output flows from objects to disk. Network requests are initiated with object data in '_view_handler'.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'inspect.stack()' for debugging info; network communication with external CAD viewer server without authentication or validation; the 'view' function creates threads for visualization, which could be misused for resource exhaustion if misconfigured. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard loading and saving of 3D/2D objects, with rendering via a background thread. Network communication occurs with a configured CAD viewer host, sending JSON data for visualization. There are no signs of data exfiltration, malicious commands, or backdoors. The network connection lacks authentication, which could be a minor security concern, but within the scope of this code. No obfuscated code or malicious behaviors such as reverse shells, data theft, or code injection are present. Use of threading is typical and controlled. The inspection reveals no malicious intent or suspicious code patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a geometrical processing module with visualization capabilities. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or suspicious activities. Its external network interactions are limited to visualization requests, and no security vulnerabilities or sabotage are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}