{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for visualizing neuronal fluorescence data, including plotting traces, animations, and noise distributions, primarily for analysis and presentation purposes.",
  "sources": "Data is loaded from external functions load_traces and dff_percentile, and from input arrays such as 'f'. Data is read from 'f' (fluorescence traces) and noise_levels array.",
  "sinks": "Data is displayed via matplotlib plots; no direct untrusted data sinks are involved. File outputs are written using plt.savefig with specified paths. No network communication or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays into plotting functions; traces are processed (percentiles, baseline subtraction, offsets), then visualized. No external untrusted source-to-sink data flow indicating malicious activity.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. No use of dynamic code execution, system calls, or network operations. External libraries are used appropriately for plotting.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily defines plotting and animation functions for neuronal data visualization. It loads data from external functions, processes neuronal traces with statistical offsets, and visualizes them. It includes custom scale bar classes for consistent visualization. The noise distribution function saves histogram plots. There are no signs of malicious code like data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden behaviors. All operations appear related to data analysis and visualization, with no external network connections or malicious system access. The code is well-structured, uses standard libraries, and does not contain obfuscated code or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is solely focused on data visualization for neuronal signals, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs legitimate plotting tasks without any network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}