{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for visualizing neural activity data, including plotting traces, creating animations, and displaying noise distributions. Its main purpose is data visualization and analysis in neuroscience research.",
  "sources": "Data sources include input parameters such as fluorescence traces (f), configuration options, and external data files loaded via load_traces().",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are plt.savefig() and plt.show(), which generate visual outputs; also, loading data from external modules. No sinks indicate data being sent over network, stored insecurely, or used maliciously.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays (f) through processing steps (e.g., percentile calculations, shifting, masking) to plotting functions and ultimately to saved images or displayed plots. External data loading and plotting are separated, with no data exfiltration or external network activity observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. No suspicious dynamic code execution, misleading variable names, or obfuscated sections. Use of standard libraries and functions is consistent with visualization purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of standard data visualization functions: plotting neural traces with offsets, creating animations, and plotting noise distribution histograms. It uses common Python libraries (matplotlib, numpy, math) without suspicious imports or behaviors. The functions process data via percentile calculations, color permutations, and drawing routines, all typical in scientific plotting. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications are evident. The presence of load_traces and dff_percentile functions suggests reliance on external, presumably safe modules for data loading and preprocessing. Overall, the code performs intended visualization without malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is for data visualization in neuroscience research and shows no signs of malicious behavior or security threats. It uses standard practices for plotting, animation, and histogram generation, with no suspicious data handling or external communications.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}