{
  "purpose": "The code defines various functions and classes for mapping and processing music-related data from an external API into a standardized format, including search query cleanup.",
  "sources": "Data reads occur from input dictionaries in functions such as map_user_track, map_user_artist, map_user_album, map_user_playlist, map_album, map_artist_album, map_playlist, map_track, and clean_search_query.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows include URL concatenations, dictionary key accesses, and regex substitutions. No direct data sinks that leak information or execute external commands are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input dictionaries through mapping functions, often involving URL constructions with string conversions and concatenations. The cleanup function manipulates search terms using regex substitutions. No network connections or data exfiltration code is observed.",
  "anomalies": "The only unusual aspect is the cleanup function which removes 'feat', 'ft', and related substrings from search terms, which is benign. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns are present. No obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs data mapping, URL construction, and string cleanup. It uses standard Python features and libraries. There are no signs of malicious code such as system commands execution, network activity beyond URL formation, or data exfiltration. The functions are consistent with standard data processing tasks and do not contain suspicious logic. The only potential concern is the regex-based search cleanup, but it is a straightforward text processing operation with no security implications.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of data mapping and processing functions for a music application, with no indications of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It appears to be intended for standard API data handling and search query cleaning.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}