{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to map data from an API into a standardized format for music tracks, albums, artists, playlists, and lyrics, primarily for use in a music-related application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from dictionaries passed into mapping functions, such as 'track', 'artist', 'album', and 'playlist'. It also reads input parameters for search cleanup in 'clean_search_query'.",
  "sinks": "The code generates URLs, string manipulations, and dictionary outputs; no untrusted data is written to system files, executed as code, or sent over the network in a suspicious manner.",
  "flows": "Input data sources (API data) flow into mapping functions which process and produce URL strings, dictionary structures, and formatted text outputs. The 'clean_search_query' function processes input search terms for safer search string generation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code behavior, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. URL construction uses predictable URL patterns. No use of eval, exec, or dynamic code execution. No obfuscated code or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The code exclusively performs data mapping and formatting tasks, converting API data into standardized dictionary structures. URL patterns are fixed and constructed from data inputs. No external network connections are initiated during execution. The 'clean_search_query' function performs regex substitutions to sanitize search terms. There is no code injection, no system commands executed, and no indication of malicious behavior. The functions depend on well-defined input data, with no dynamic code execution or unsafe practices.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of data mapping and formatting functions with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is designed to process and structure API data for a music application without performing any unsafe operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}