{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to map and process music-related data from an API, primarily for organizing music tracks, albums, artists, playlists, and search query cleanup.",
  "sources": "Reads data from input dictionaries, often through attribute access (e.g., track['SNG_ID'], album['ALB_ID'], etc.) and user input via search terms in 'clean_search_query'.",
  "sinks": "Constructs URLs for images, links, and API endpoints; processes potentially untrusted user input (search terms). URL construction itself is not dangerous but could be manipulated if input is malicious. No direct data leaks or dangerous commands are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., track, album, artist dictionaries) flows through mapping functions, constructing URLs and data structures. User input in 'clean_search_query' is sanitized before use in searches, preventing injection in URL parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. The only notable behavior is extensive URL construction with data from input dictionaries, which is standard for such mapping functions. The regex substitutions for search cleanup could be exploited if user input is malicious, but this is typical and not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of data mapping functions that convert raw API responses into structured data. These functions include URL constructions for images and links based on input data, and a cleanup function for search terms. No network connections, data exfiltration, or command executions are present. The functions handle data sanitization for search terms, but this is standard practice. No signs of malware or malicious intent are detected. The code appears to be well-structured for data transformation without malicious side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, focusing on data mapping and URL construction with no indications of malicious behavior. The extensive URL construction from input data is typical for such applications, and no malicious activity or sabotage is evident. The use of regex for search cleanup is standard and does not pose significant security risks. Overall, this code appears safe and intended for data processing.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}