{
  "purpose": "This script is a setup configuration for building, compiling, and packaging the ONNX Python library, involving CMake integration and version management.",
  "sources": "Environment variables, subprocess calls to 'git' and 'cmake', file system operations (reading VERSION_NUMBER), and user-defined commands.",
  "sinks": "subprocess calls (e.g., 'git', 'cmake'), file operations (writing version.py), environment variable parsing, and executing build commands.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence build configuration; subprocess calls fetch version info and invoke build tools; files are read for version info and written for version.py; build commands are executed via subprocess, potentially influenced by environment variables.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no unusual or obfuscated code structures; environment variables used to control build features are typical. Subprocess calls are standard for build scripts. No code appears to send data over networks, manipulate system files maliciously, or include backdoors. The only notable activity is the use of subprocess for version control and build configuration, which is standard in build scripts.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily functions as a build and packaging script for a Python project, using standard tools such as setuptools, subprocess, and CMake. It retrieves version info from the git repository and a version file, generates version.py, and executes build commands with configurable options via environment variables. The subprocess calls for 'git' and 'cmake' are standard and do not suggest malicious activity. There is no code for network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoor mechanisms. No suspicious obfuscation or malicious payloads are present. The code's behavior aligns with typical build automation scripts.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate build and packaging script for the ONNX Python library. It performs version management, configuration, and build orchestration without any indications of malicious intent or security risks. It uses standard development tools and practices, with no suspicious or harmful behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}