{
  "purpose": "The code provides an asynchronous interface for managing Google Cloud Platform's Secret Manager, including creating, reading, updating, and deleting secrets, encapsulated within a Prefect task and block.",
  "sources": "Reads input from function arguments such as secret names, secret values, credentials, and version IDs. Data is also retrieved from external services via API calls.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow into secret payloads or API requests, potentially affecting secret storage or retrieval.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (secret names, values, credentials) flow into API request objects; these are used in API calls to manage secrets. Responses from API calls may contain sensitive secret data or confirmation messages.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code correctly uses credential objects for authentication. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. Proper error handling when creating secrets that don't exist. No signs of backdoors, network exfiltration, or malicious system commands.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a set of async functions and a Prefect secret block for managing secrets in GCP Secret Manager. It uses safe API calls via the Google Cloud client library, with no hardcoded secrets or credentials. The functions handle secret creation, reading, updating, and deletion, with proper error handling and logging. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system tampering, or hidden backdoors. Use of partial functions and async execution appears standard and secure. The overall structure and logic are straightforward, aiming to securely manage secrets without suspicious modifications or external calls outside the intended API.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of secret management for GCP with no malicious intent. It employs standard SDKs and safe practices. No malware, malicious behavior, or suspicious anomalies are evident. The code's purpose aligns with secure secret handling, and no signs of sabotage or malicious code are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}