{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and a class for managing Google Cloud Platform secrets via the Secret Manager, including creating, reading, updating, and deleting secrets asynchronously within the Prefect framework.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from environment through function parameters, gcp_credentials object methods, and API requests. It also reads secret data and secret metadata from Google Cloud's Secret Manager.",
  "sinks": "Sensitive data such as secret values and secret names are sent through API calls and returned from functions. The code logs operations but does not appear to leak secrets externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input parameters or object attributes to API calls for secret management. Secret data is retrieved from API responses, and secret paths are returned. No untrusted external sources are directly invoked.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code behaviors detected. Usage of partial functions, async utilities, and API clients appear standard. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or backdoors present. Error handling appropriately manages missing secrets during creation.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a set of asynchronous functions for managing secrets with Google Cloud's Secret Manager. It uses dependency injection for credentials and projects, relies on external Google Cloud API clients, and employs standard practices for creating, reading, updating, and deleting secrets. There is proper use of async utilities, partial function application, and exception handling. No signs of data exfiltration, malicious backdoors, or security bypasses are present. The functions operate within expected parameters for secret management tasks, with no indicators of malicious intent or harmful behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of secret management functions in Python for GCP, integrated with Prefect. It handles sensitive data securely within the scope of API interactions, with no malicious or suspicious code detected. The code appears safe and correctly designed for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}