{
  "purpose": "This code provides various formatter classes for transforming transcript data into different formats (JSON, pretty print, plain text, SRT, WebVTT) for presentation or export purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads transcript data through the method calls 'transcript.to_raw_data()' and iterates over transcript objects and their lines. It also reads format type input in FormatterLoader.load().",
  "sinks": "The code outputs formatted strings via json.dumps, pprint.pformat, and string joins, which do not inherently process untrusted external input. No direct sinks for untrusted data leading to vulnerabilities are present.",
  "flows": "Transcript objects are converted to raw data or string representations, then formatted and returned. No data flows into untrusted sinks like shell commands or network calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The only notable dynamic behavior is string formatting, which is standard and safe in this context. The class structure is standard for formatters.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple formatter classes that convert transcript data into various formats. The data is retrieved from 'transcript.to_raw_data()' or iterated directly. There are no external data inputs or network interactions. The methods use standard Python serialization (json.dumps), string formatting, and string joining. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or insecure data handling is observed. The formatter loader simply maps strings to classes and instantiates them, with validation. Overall, the code appears to be straightforward formatting logic with no malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of formatter classes designed for data presentation purposes. There is no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It safely converts transcript data into various formats without handling untrusted external data sources or executing code that could be exploited.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}