{
  "purpose": "This code defines various formatter classes for processing and outputting transcript data in different formats such as JSON, plain text, SRT, and WebVTT.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from FetchedTranscript and FetchedTranscriptSnippet objects, particularly through the method to_raw_data() of FetchedTranscript, and from transcript lines' attributes such as start, duration, and text.",
  "sinks": "The data is formatted into strings using standard Python functions like json.dumps() and string joins, which are safe operations. No untrusted data is being sent to external systems or over the network.",
  "flows": "Data flows from FetchedTranscript objects via to_raw_data() into formatting functions, then into string serialization functions, and finally into return statements. No external input handling or system calls are present.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies or unusual code behaviors. All methods are standard formatters, and there are no signs of hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious logic. The code adheres to typical data formatting patterns without obfuscation or suspicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple formatter classes that convert transcript data into various formats. These classes use standard Python libraries and straightforward data processing techniques. No external inputs are processed in a malicious way, and no system calls or network operations are present. The data transformations are standard and safe. The only point to note is reliance on the to_raw_data() method of FetchedTranscript, but this is assumed to be a safe, well-defined method of a data object. Overall, the code performs formatting tasks with no signs of malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of data formatter classes with no malicious or suspicious behavior. It only performs data serialization for transcript objects. There are no security concerns or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}