{
  "purpose": "This code provides various formatter classes for transforming FetchedTranscript objects into different output formats (JSON, pretty print, text, SRT, WebVTT). It appears to be a utility module for transcript formatting.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from FetchedTranscript objects and their methods, notably the to_raw_data() method, as well as transcript line objects within these transcripts.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs formatted strings via methods like json.dumps(), pprint.pformat(), and string joins. No direct handling of untrusted external input data is evident beyond these internal method calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from FetchedTranscript objects into formatting functions, which convert the data into formatted strings for output. The data originates from transcript objects and ends at string outputs.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior. No unusual code patterns, such as dynamic code execution or obfuscated logic, are present. The code relies on standard library functions and method calls.",
  "analysis": "The module defines multiple formatter classes that process transcript data into various formats. All data handling involves converting internal objects into strings for display or storage, with no external network access or system modifications. The methods use safe functions like json.dumps() and pprint.pformat(), and no user input or external data sources are directly handled. The code structure follows typical formatting class design patterns without suspicious or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward, safe utility for formatting transcript data. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It does not handle external inputs beyond internal method calls and standard library functions. Overall, the code is benign and focused on formatting functionality.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}