{
  "purpose": "The code defines various formatter classes for converting FetchedTranscript objects into different formats such as JSON, pretty-printed text, SRT, and WebVTT, as well as a loader class to instantiate these formatters.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from FetchedTranscript and FetchedTranscriptSnippet objects, specifically through the to_raw_data() method and iteration over transcript objects.",
  "sinks": "The code serializes data to JSON strings, formatted text, and subtitle formats; no direct data sinks or external network calls are present.",
  "flows": "Input data from FetchedTranscript objects is processed via to_raw_data() for JSON and pretty formats, and via iteration over transcript lines for text and subtitle formats, then outputted as strings.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. The code does not perform network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration. The presence of multiple formatters is typical and benign. The method for converting seconds to timestamp includes a rounding operation but appears standard. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution mechanisms are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides various formatting classes for transcript data with clear and standard methods. The use of json.dumps for JSON serialization, pprint.pformat for pretty printing, and string concatenations for subtitle formats are all typical. No external inputs or network communications are found. No indications of malicious logic, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious data handling, are present. The structure and method implementations are straightforward and intended for formatting output only.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of benign formatter classes for transcript data with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. It appears to be a standard utility module designed for data presentation. The security risk is very low, with no evidence of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}