{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes for media encoding settings, including audio and video codecs, quality, presets, and other parameters, likely for media processing or conversion tasks.",
  "sources": "Data input sources are parameters passed to class instances and method calls, such as 'language', 'quality', 'preset', 'width', 'subtitle_language', and codec objects.",
  "sinks": "String formatting and return statements generate ffmpeg command options, but no direct untrusted data sinks or network communication are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into methods that generate ffmpeg command strings, with some logic altering parameters based on codec types and formats.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated variable names, especially in functions like 'qrpRFtLjKKhIypUzYozixjYoIUaPZpPv', which perform codec selection and command string construction, possibly to hide logic. The code dynamically builds command-line strings for ffmpeg, which could be misused if misconfigured. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. No network or system modification code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs ffmpeg command-line options based on provided parameters and codec objects. It handles codec selection, scaling, quality settings, and language mappings using 'to_iso639_2'. The obfuscation of function and variable names may hinder readability but does not inherently imply malicious intent. There are no signs of data exfiltration, network activity, or system harm. The logic appears focused on media encoding parameter generation, typical for media processing scripts. No external or suspicious library calls are made beyond standard codecs and utility functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a media encoding configuration utility that constructs ffmpeg command options based on input parameters. Despite obfuscated naming, there are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The obfuscation might be for code concealment but does not suggest malicious intent. Overall security risk is low, with no active security threats detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}