{
  "purpose": "Define classes for video processing configuration with methods to generate ffmpeg command-line options.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include class attributes such as 'language', 'quality', 'preset', 'width', 'subtitle_language', and codec methods like 'get_ffmpeg_codec' and 'get_ffmpeg_name'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the methods that generate ffmpeg command options, such as string concatenation for codecs, bitrates, scales, and mappings.",
  "flows": "Data flows from class attributes ('language', 'quality', etc.) through methods ('__str__', 'YcuMfTUBaHdgRprabzYzzYdmiqVLkIMp', etc.) to generate ffmpeg command strings that could be executed.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses obfuscated function and variable names, which is unusual. It relies on dynamic methods like 'get_ffmpeg_codec' and 'get_ffmpeg_name' but does not invoke any network or file operations directly. The only potential concern is the use of 'to_iso639_2' which might alter language identifiers, but this alone isn't malicious. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines data classes for configuring video encoding and streaming parameters, with methods to generate ffmpeg command options based on internal attributes and codec information. The use of obfuscated method names and variable names suggests an attempt to conceal intent, but no direct malicious actions are evident. No network activity, system modification, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The dynamic construction of ffmpeg command strings can be part of legitimate media processing pipelines. The only slight concern is obfuscation, which could hide malicious intent, but there is no evidence of malicious behavior from the provided code.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a configuration layer for ffmpeg video processing, with obfuscated identifiers but no explicit malicious behavior. It does not perform network activity or system compromise. The use of obfuscation warrants caution, but based on the provided code, it seems intended for legitimate media processing purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}