{
  "purpose": "The code defines data classes for video and audio processing, generating ffmpeg command-line options based on input parameters, codecs, and formats.",
  "sources": "Data class attributes, method calls to get codec names and format info, input parameters like language, quality, width, subtitle_language.",
  "sinks": "Potential command-line strings for ffmpeg, possibly executing with external inputs for codecs, languages, and other parameters.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., language, codec info, width) -> string formatting to generate ffmpeg command options -> output string for ffmpeg execution.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable names, no explicit input validation, dynamic string concatenation based on parameters, usage of external data for command options.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs ffmpeg command-line arguments for video/audio processing based on class attributes and methods. It dynamically determines codecs, formats, and other parameters, incorporating optional inputs like language and subtitle language. The code relies on external data (codec info, language codes) without explicit validation, which could be risky if untrusted data is provided. The code uses obfuscated variable names, which obscure intent but do not inherently indicate malicious behavior. No evidence of malicious code such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification. The dynamic string generation appears intended for configuring ffmpeg commands. The presence of try-except and exception raising is standard error handling. Overall, no malicious intent is evident, but the code’s obfuscation and dynamic command construction warrant caution in untrusted environments.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily generates ffmpeg command options for media processing, with obfuscated variable names and dynamic string handling. There is no clear evidence of malicious behavior or backdoors. The main concern is lack of input validation, which could be exploited in certain contexts. Overall, the risk appears low but warrants careful input validation if used with untrusted data.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}