{
  "purpose": "The code defines a framework for interacting with Codeforces through automated web requests, including login, submitting solutions, and parsing contest data.",
  "sources": "Input sources include reading headers from 'headers.txt' and CSRF tokens and handle from 'csrf_token_and_handle.txt'. The code reads source code files for submissions. Web responses are fetched via HTTP GET/POST requests.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include submitting source code via POST requests, parsing HTML responses, and saving headers/tokens to files. Data is sent over network and parsed from server responses.",
  "flows": "Source data from files (source code, headers, tokens) flow into HTTP requests for submission and parsing; responses flow back for parsing CSRF tokens, handles, or contest info; parsed data can be stored back into files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code uses standard HTTP headers and tokens, no obfuscated code or dynamic code execution. Logging is standard. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement a legitimate API wrapper for Codeforces, with methods for login, submission, and parsing contest info. It reads data from files, makes web requests, and processes HTML responses using parsing functions. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors. It does handle sensitive tokens and headers, but only for legitimate API interactions. No suspicious network activities or backdoors are evident. The presence of commented-out code and standard logging indicates typical application code, not malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client for Codeforces with no evidence of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It reads input data, interacts with the web, and stores tokens and headers securely. There are no malicious patterns or suspicious activities detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}