{
  "purpose": "The code automates the creation of projects, agent profiles, and API keys on a specified API platform, likely for managing blockchain-related agents and transactions.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include parameters for project creation, agent profile details, tokens for authentication, and API responses containing IDs and wallet addresses.",
  "sinks": "Sensitive data such as API keys, wallet addresses, and project/agent IDs are exposed in print statements. The code also makes network requests to external API endpoints.",
  "flows": "Input data (parameters and tokens) flow into API request payloads; responses from API calls contain sensitive IDs and addresses, which are then printed or stored in variables.",
  "anomalies": "The code exposes wallet addresses and API keys in console output, which can be a security risk if logs are accessible. No encryption or obfuscation is used for sensitive info. The API key generation and usage pattern seem standard but could be misused if these keys are compromised.",
  "analysis": "The script performs straightforward API interactions: creating projects, generating API keys, and creating agent profiles. It outputs sensitive information openly, which is risky. The API calls use POST requests with JSON payloads, and headers contain secret keys. There is no evidence of malicious code like data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden network communication. However, the exposure of wallet addresses and API keys via print statements could lead to security leaks if logs are accessed by unauthorized parties. The overall code structure and logic are typical for automation but with inadequate security practices regarding sensitive data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate setup operations for blockchain agents and projects but exposes sensitive credentials and wallet addresses in logs. No malicious behavior or supply chain attacks are evident. The main concern is inadequate handling of sensitive data rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}