{
  "purpose": "The code defines base classes and specific implementations for app tours, including onboarding and user preferences tours, to guide users through the application interface.",
  "sources": "Data is read from class attributes, method parameters, and external functions such as get_variable, widget_by_page_id, widget_by_flow_id, and find_widget, which access app state, widgets, and flow data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include call_method_delayed, change_flow, close_popups, and setup_app_states, which could trigger delayed execution or modify app state; widget manipulation functions could lead to unintended UI changes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from page_ids, page_data, and matchers (like lambda functions or string identifiers) as sources, which are used in setup_explained_widget and setup_texts; these lead to widget lookups and UI updates, with some dynamic eval-based matching. The flow includes loading page data, setting up explained widgets, and possibly auto-switching pages.",
  "anomalies": "The use of try_eval to dynamically evaluate matchers, especially with exception ignoring, is notable; reliance on string identifiers and eval introduces potential risks if external input influences these values. The code uses deep copy for app state backup, which is standard but could be resource-intensive. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls detected. The presence of protected method calls like _real_dismiss() is typical for widget management, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a well-structured implementation of an app tutorial system with dynamic page and widget handling. The dynamic evaluation of matchers using try_eval with exception ignoring could be misused if manipulated externally, but within the context, it appears controlled and intended. No network activity or data exfiltration is present. The functions are mostly UI flow management, state backup, and widget explanation setups, with no evidence of malicious actions. Use of lambda functions for widget matching is standard for dynamic UI interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate part of an application guiding system, with no clear malicious intent. The dynamic evaluation and deep copying are standard techniques within such systems. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The security risk remains low, provided the environment where these functions are used is controlled and not influenced by external malicious inputs.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}