{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to analyze password strength by estimating the guessability of different match patterns within a password, using various heuristic models and combinatorial calculations.",
  "sources": "Inputs are derived from password strings, match objects, and external adjacency graph modules. Key input sources include password parameter, match dictionaries (pattern, token, length, etc.), and external adjacency graphs.",
  "sinks": "Calculations produce guess estimates for password patterns; no external data transmission or system modification occurs. No sinks directly lead to data leaks or external system interactions.",
  "flows": "Input password and match data flow through estimation functions (e.g., dictionary_guesses, spatial_guesses, regex_guesses) to produce guess counts. These estimates feed into the dynamic programming algorithm for optimal sequence calculation, ultimately returning guess estimates and sequences.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior is present. The code strictly performs combinatorial calculations and pattern estimations, with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or external communications. Use of mathematical functions and regex appears normal and purpose-specific.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily estimates password guessability using pattern recognition and probabilistic models. It employs dynamic programming for sequence optimization, combinatorics for guess calculations, and heuristic rules for pattern-based guesses. No code suspicious for malicious behavior was identified. External modules are only imported for mathematical and pattern matching tasks. No data leakage, system modification, or network activity is evident. The logic is consistent with password strength evaluation, with standard security-aware practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate password strength estimator with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs mathematical calculations and pattern recognition to estimate password guess counts without external malicious actions. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}