{
  "purpose": "The code defines multiple custom exception classes for handling various error conditions, such as invalid paths, unsupported query types, content-type errors, and other specific issues, likely within a larger application context.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from class constructor parameters (e.g., file paths, query types, error details). No external input sources like network or user input are directly shown here.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs exception messages that could be logged or displayed, but no direct data sinks like network connections, file writes, or system modifications are visible.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into message construction within exception classes, then propagate via superclass __init__, but there are no evidence of untrusted data being used insecurely (e.g., no eval, exec, or insecure data handling).",
  "anomalies": "Code contains mostly obfuscated class and variable names, which could be an attempt to hide intent. The message constructions are straightforward. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious behaviors are apparent. The classes are solely custom exception definitions, with no active malicious code or side effects.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of numerous custom exception classes inheriting from a base Exception class. Each class sets specific error messages related to file paths, content types, query types, or profile existence, based on input parameters. The use of obfuscated variable and class names appears to aim at hindering straightforward readability, which can be a sign of obfuscation. There are no network operations, code injections, or data exfiltration activities present. No suspicious code flow, hardcoded secrets, or malicious payloads are detected. The structure suggests these are part of an error handling system within a larger project. The lack of external I/O, external data sources, or unsafe functions indicates no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a set of custom exception classes used for error handling with obfuscated naming. There is no evidence of malicious intent, malicious code, or security risks. The obfuscation seems to be a method to hinder analysis rather than malicious activity. Overall, the code is benign and primarily structural.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}