{
  "purpose": "This code implements WebSocket server and client classes for establishing, managing, and closing WebSocket connections, including handling protocols, handshakes, and message transmission.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from network sockets, including headers, URL components, and socket streams. It also reads from environment variables for server environment detection and configuration.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent via socket.send() calls for outgoing messages, handshake requests, and ping/pong frames. Incoming data from socket.recv() is processed and stored in buffers. Data can be sent or received without validation or filtering.",
  "flows": "Input data from network sockets flows into ws.receive_data() and socket.recv(), then processed into WebSocket events. Outgoing data generated by ws.send() is transmitted via socket.send(). Data from environment variables influences socket setup, but does not directly impact data flow.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. The code does not perform any network connections outside the WebSocket protocol, nor does it contain obfuscated or suspicious logic. The environment extraction logic is standard for server frameworks. No suspicious data leaks or privacy violations are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of WebSocket protocol handling, with classes for server and client roles. It manages handshake procedures, message framing, protocol negotiation, and connection closure. The socket handling appears standard, with no evidence of malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. No hardcoded secrets, insecure eval/exec, or obfuscated logic are present. The only potential concern is that data is transmitted unencrypted over network sockets, but this is standard for WebSocket protocols and not inherently malicious. No suspicious flows or anomalies are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of WebSocket client and server classes with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It manages connections and data flow in accordance with WebSocket protocol without suspicious modifications or hidden features.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}