{
  "purpose": "Implement a WebSocket client and server classes for establishing and managing WebSocket connections with support for subprotocol negotiation, ping/pong keepalive, and message handling.",
  "sources": "Reading environment variables for socket extraction, receiving data from socket, parsing incoming WebSocket frames, accessing headers in HTTP request, and socket connection establishment.",
  "sinks": "Sending WebSocket frames via socket.send(), sending raw socket data for handshake and ping/pong, socket connection/close methods.",
  "flows": "Environment variables or socket extraction -> handshake data generation -> WebSocket frame processing -> message queuing in input buffer -> sending frames over socket",
  "anomalies": "Presence of potential typo in variable name 'extra_headeers' which could lead to misconfiguration or bugs, but no malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded URLs/commands observed. No obfuscated code or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard WebSocket protocol logic with support for multiple server environments and secure connections. It reads environment variables to obtain socket objects, which could be exploited if the environment variables are maliciously manipulated, but this is typical for server setups. The use of ssl_context in the client ensures encrypted connections. The code handles message buffering, ping/pong, and connection closing appropriately without executing external or untrusted commands. No dynamic code execution, no suspicious data leaks, no external network connections other than the intended WebSocket protocol operations. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. The only potential concern is the typo 'extra_headeers', which does not cause security issues but indicates a possible bug.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of WebSocket client and server classes, following standard practices. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage. The only minor issue is a typographical error in variable naming, which does not impact security but could cause runtime errors if not corrected. Overall, the code is low risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}