{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for defining GraphQL directives in a Python framework called Strawberry, including decorators and classes to specify directive metadata and resolvers.",
  "sources": "The code reads from imported modules, function arguments, class attributes, and decorator parameters. It also accesses special properties like 'self.reserved_parameters'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the dynamic creation of directive objects and the use of user-defined functions passed to the decorator, which could be invoked at runtime.",
  "flows": "Input parameters in 'directive' decorator are used to instantiate 'StrawberryDirective' with a resolver function, which may be invoked later during GraphQL execution. The 'directive_field' function returns a 'StrawberryField' object.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code is straightforward, focusing on metadata and decorators. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are used.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utilities for GraphQL directive creation, including a decorator and associated classes. It imports standard and third-party modules without suspicious behavior. The 'directive' decorator wraps a user-defined function to create a 'StrawberryDirective' object. The 'directive_field' function adds metadata to directive arguments. No runtime code execution, network communication, or data leakage mechanisms are present. All components serve schema definition purposes only. The use of 'cached_property' and type annotations is standard. The code does not perform any I/O, network, or system operations that could be malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of GraphQL directive utilities for the Strawberry framework. It contains no malicious behavior, no backdoors, and no security risks. It appears safe and primarily focuses on schema metadata. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}