{
  "purpose": "The code implements a client for interacting with a Mattermost server, allowing sending notifications, uploading files, and managing messages and reactions.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (MATTERMOST_ACCESS_TOKEN, MATTERMOST_URL, MATTERMOST_TEAM_ID_TOKEN), input parameters to methods (channel, text, attachments, files, etc.), and response JSON data from the server.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests made via call_resource method, including POST, PUT, DELETE requests with JSON payloads and files. JSON payloads include message text, attachments, and reaction data. Files are uploaded via multipart/form-data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment variables or method parameters (sources) into HTTP request payloads (sinks). Responses from server are parsed and used to generate new requests or return objects. For example, message IDs from responses are used for updating or deleting messages, and file IDs are used to post messages with attachments.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. Use of environment variables for tokens and URLs is standard. No obfuscated code, misleading variables, or code patterns indicative of malicious intent. No hidden backdoors or covert data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. File reading is straightforward, with no evident malicious manipulation. No code injection or unsafe SQL observed (not applicable in this context).",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward API wrapper for Mattermost, with methods to send messages, upload files, react to posts, and delete messages. It utilizes environment variables for sensitive tokens and URLs, which is standard. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are detected. The functions perform typical HTTP request operations with appropriate payloads. The code does not perform any unauthorized data collection, system manipulation, or network behavior outside of expected API interactions. It primarily facilitates messaging and file uploads via the Mattermost API. Overall, the code looks clean, well-structured, and free from malicious behaviors or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an API client for Mattermost, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It relies on environment variables and method parameters for data input. No suspicious or malicious patterns are present. It appears safe for use in legitimate messaging and file upload scenarios.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}