{
  "purpose": "The code defines a dynamic class and object structure for converting API responses into Python objects, specifically tailored for the EasyPost API, including dynamic import and class instantiation.",
  "sources": "Reads data from input dictionaries (response, values), object attributes, and class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Uses importlib to dynamically import modules; potentially vulnerable if module names are manipulated; JSON serialization functions.",
  "flows": "Data is read from response dictionaries, processed, then dynamically imported modules/classes, and finally instantiated into objects, with serialization at the end.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic module import via 'importlib.import_module' based on response data; no explicit validation or sanitization of module names before import; reliance on response fields ('object', 'id') for class resolution could be manipulated if response data is untrusted. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors identified. No obfuscated code or suspicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles object construction and serialization for API responses, with dynamic import of model classes based on response content. The use of 'importlib.import_module' with module names derived from response data could be risky if the response data is maliciously crafted. However, this is an expected pattern in flexible SDKs and does not inherently constitute malicious behavior. No code injection, data leakage, or backdoor code is present. The code does not perform network operations, file manipulations, or any suspicious activity. Serialization functions are standard. Overall, this code appears to be a standard, legitimate part of an SDK with some dynamic behavior that could be exploited if the input is malicious, but does not contain malicious intent by itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a dynamic object model builder for API responses, with no evidence of malicious intent. The use of dynamic import based on response data could pose a risk if external inputs are untrusted, but this is typical for SDKs designed to handle multiple models. No malware or security vulnerabilities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}