{
  "purpose": "Define and manage Lakehouse QualityMonitor resources in Databricks, enabling data quality, drift, inference, snapshot, and timeseries monitoring configurations.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for resource creation, environment settings, and data input through constructor arguments and property setters. Data read mainly from provided arguments and external resource references.",
  "sinks": "Resource initialization, property getters, and setters that set or retrieve configuration data; no direct data sinks or untrusted data handling observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into resource properties via constructors and setters; resource creation uses these parameters to instantiate monitoring resources.",
  "anomalies": "No signs of code injection, dynamic execution, or obfuscated code. The code is mainly declarative resource definition with no suspicious logic. WARNING at top indicates auto-generated code, which is normal for SDKs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of class definitions for configuring Databricks Lakehouse monitoring resources, generated by Pulumi's plugin framework. It employs type annotations, property getters/setters, and resource initialization patterns. The 'WARNING' comment indicates auto-generation, not malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials, network connections, or obfuscated code present. The logic is straightforward and primarily concerns data structure management for resource properties. There are no suspicious input or output flows, and no external data is being sent or received outside resource management. The code does not perform any file I/O, network communication, or system commands. Overall, it is a standard SDK resource definition, with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is an auto-generated Pulumi SDK resource definition for Databricks Lakehouse monitoring. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious logic. The code is well-structured for declarative resource management and does not pose security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}