{
  "purpose": "The code defines Pulumi resource classes for managing Databricks Lakehouse Quality Monitors, including configuration arguments, state management, and resource creation logic. It is used to declaratively set up monitoring resources for data quality, inference, snapshots, and time series within Databricks.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters during resource initialization, such as configuration objects and property values. It does not read external data sources or untrusted inputs at runtime. Data flows from user-supplied arguments into resource properties via constructors and property setters.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily sets and retrieves resource properties; it does not perform network calls, file I/O, or execute system commands. There are no external data exfiltration points, code injection, or malicious sinks present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into resource argument objects, which are then used to initialize resource properties. Property getters retrieve stored configuration or status data. No external or untrusted data sources are involved in execution, and no dynamic code execution occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious logic are present. The code is auto-generated SDK/resource class code following standard patterns. No malicious or unusual behavior is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of class definitions for resource arguments, state, and the resource itself, following Pulumi SDK conventions. It manages configuration data for data quality monitoring resources in Databricks. The code is well-structured, documented, and does not include any network activity, code injection, or external data handling. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, security risk: ~0.1) are consistent with the code's nature as infrastructure configuration code. No vulnerabilities or malicious behaviors are evident. The code's purpose is purely declarative resource management, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, auto-generated Pulumi SDK resource class implementation for managing Databricks Lakehouse Quality Monitors. It contains no malicious, obfuscated, or suspicious code. The assigned scores are appropriate, indicating a benign and safe infrastructure configuration script.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}