{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Pulumi resource for managing Lakehouse Quality Monitors in Databricks, including configurations for monitoring tables, inference logs, snapshots, and schedules.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for resource configuration, such as assets directory, table names, metrics, and schedule options. It also accesses resource properties and internal state variables.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs resource properties like IDs, status, and configurations. There are no apparent sinks that leak untrusted data or perform unsafe operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through resource initialization into properties that can be retrieved or modified. No external data or untrusted inputs are used to influence system behavior in a malicious manner.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code is generated and structured according to Pulumi's conventions, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious logic. No network calls, file writes, or reverse shell activities are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Pulumi resource definition for Databricks Lakehouse Monitors. It uses type annotations, resource options, and property getters/setters as expected. No suspicious external dependencies or code injection points are detected. The code appears to be auto-generated and follows expected patterns for infrastructure-as-code resource definitions. It does not contain any malicious payloads or behaviors. The inclusion of descriptive comments and the lack of dynamic execution or obfuscated code suggest it is safe.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a legitimate Pulumi resource implementation for managing Databricks Lakehouse Quality Monitors. It performs configuration and property management without any signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}