{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to verify the existence, configuration, and permissions of various AWS resources such as VPCs, subnets, IAM roles, security groups, S3 buckets, EFS, CloudFormation stacks, and MemoryDB clusters. It is intended for infrastructure validation and setup assurance.",
  "sources": "AWS SDK API responses, configuration objects, input parameters, and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Logs, error messages, and validation results; no external data exfiltration or unsafe data execution occurs.",
  "flows": "The code performs resource existence checks, capacity and configuration validations, permission verifications, and logs outcomes, following AWS API calls and internal logic without executing untrusted code.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, backdoors, or suspicious patterns are present. The code is straightforward and uses standard AWS SDK interactions.",
  "analysis": "All five reports consistently identify the code as a set of resource validation functions for AWS infrastructure, with no signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or sabotage. They analyze the data flow, AWS API interactions, and logging, concluding that the code is legitimate. The malware scores are all 0, and the security risk scores are very low (~0.1-0.2), justified by the code's purpose. No false positives or risky behaviors are detected. The code does not perform any malicious actions such as data exfiltration, privilege escalation, or network sabotage. The detailed validation and exception handling align with best practices for infrastructure management. The high confidence scores (around 0.9-0.95) are justified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured AWS resource validation module with no malicious intent or obfuscation. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk is minimal (~0.1-0.2). The assessments across all reports are consistent and justified. No modifications are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}