{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive set of functions and classes for financial data analysis, including performance metrics, clustering, data transformation, visualization, and statistical calculations related to investment returns and portfolio management.",
  "sources": "Sources include input data such as price series, return series, covariance matrices, and user-supplied parameters (e.g., risk-free rate, weights). Data is read from pandas Series/DataFrame objects and function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include plotting functions (matplotlib) that generate visualizations, file operations (to_csv) that write data to disk, and potential network-related functions in plotting (not used here), but no explicit network activity is observed. No dangerous system commands or network calls are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input Series/DataFrames through calculations of returns, statistics, clustering, and optimization routines. Calculated metrics are stored in objects or returned as Series/DataFrames. Visualization functions display data without executing external commands. File output occurs in to_csv, but no code executes external processes.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are detected. The code uses standard data manipulation, statistical, and visualization libraries, and there is no obfuscated or unusual code segment. No data exfiltration or system damage mechanisms are present. The only notable aspect is extensive mathematical/statistical processing typical for financial analysis.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically implements various performance, risk, and clustering metrics using well-known libraries (numpy, pandas, sklearn, scipy, matplotlib). It defines classes for performance statistics with methods for plotting, data export, and detailed calculation of financial metrics. Utility functions facilitate data transformations like returns, resampling, clustering, and risk measures. There are no indications of code designed to harm, stealthily collect data, or sabotage system behavior. The functions and classes are consistent with standard financial analytics tools, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive, legitimate suite of financial data analysis functions and classes. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware features are present. The code focuses solely on calculations, data transformations, visualizations, and statistical analysis typical in quantitative finance. It appears safe and free from suspicious or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 2
}