{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive set of statistical and analytical functions for financial data analysis, including performance metrics, clustering, risk measures, data resampling, and pandas DataFrame/Series extensions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from pandas Series and DataFrame objects, including index-based data for prices, returns, and various calculated metrics. It also reads optional parameters such as risk-free rates, weights, and configuration settings from function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include plotting functions that generate visualizations (plot, plot_histogram, plot_heatmap, etc.), file writing via to_csv with optional file path, and pandas extension methods that may output data or save to files. No explicit network, system, or external data sink is present in the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input pandas Series/DataFrames into functions that calculate returns, risk metrics, clustering, or statistical summaries. Results are returned as pandas objects, printed via tabulate, or visualized via matplotlib. The code does not contain code injection or dynamic code execution based on untrusted input.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be well-structured, with no hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The extensive use of pandas, numpy, sklearn, and scipy libraries suggests standard financial analysis routines. No obfuscated code, malicious system calls, or hidden network activity are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a broad toolkit for financial analysis, including performance metrics, risk assessment, clustering, and visualization. It makes extensive use of pandas for data manipulation, numpy for calculations, and sklearn for clustering and covariance estimation. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, system tampering, or data exfiltration. Functions are standard implementations of well-known financial formulas (e.g., CAGR, Sharpe ratio, drawdown, clustering). The pandas extension functions simply add methods to pandas objects for convenience. The file writing in to_csv is optional and controlled by parameters, with no hardcoded paths. Overall, the code appears legitimate, with a focus on statistical finance functions.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a comprehensive, legitimate suite of financial data analysis tools, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It leverages standard libraries and implements common statistical and clustering algorithms. It does not contain any suspicious or malicious behavior such as network activity, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The code is well-structured and aligns with typical quantitative finance utilities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}