{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive suite of financial analysis tools, including performance metrics, clustering, data transformations, visualization, and statistical calculations, aimed at evaluating and visualizing financial time series data.",
  "sources": "Data is read from pandas Series/DataFrames (e.g., price series), with internal data flow confined to pandas, numpy, scipy, sklearn, and matplotlib libraries. No external data sources or network calls are involved.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include CSV exports, plots (matplotlib), and data transformations within pandas. No external system commands, network activity, or data exfiltration are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows within pandas/numpy functions, transforming price series into returns, statistics, clusters, and visualizations. No external system or network interactions are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors are detected. The code is transparent, well-structured, and relies solely on standard scientific libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard financial computations such as returns, drawdowns, CAGR, Sharpe/Sortino ratios, clustering, and plotting. It does not include any network activity, system calls, or malicious data handling. The extensive use of open-source libraries and straightforward functions indicates a legitimate purpose. No obfuscation or suspicious patterns are present. The code's behavior aligns with typical quantitative finance tools, and no indicators of malicious intent are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, open-source financial analysis library with no signs of malware, obfuscation, or malicious behavior. It is transparent, well-structured, and uses standard libraries for numerical and statistical analysis. The high confidence in this assessment is justified by the absence of suspicious patterns or external system interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}