{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive set of financial data analysis and performance metrics functions, primarily for quantitative finance, including performance statistics, clustering, portfolio optimization, and visualization.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from pandas Series, DataFrames, and external libraries. It processes price series, return series, covariance matrices, and input parameters (e.g., risk-free rate). It imports multiple third-party libraries for statistical, mathematical, and plotting functionalities.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include plotting functions (matplotlib), file I/O for CSV exports, and mathematical operations that handle sensitive financial data. No network or system calls are present, and no execution of external commands or code injection is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input Series/DataFrames through various calculations like returns, CAGR, drawdown, clustering, and weights. Outputs are performance metrics, plots, CSV strings/files, or updated data structures. Data transformations and calculations are performed entirely within pandas and numpy frameworks without external data injection or command execution.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are detected. The code relies on standard libraries and techniques for financial analysis. No code appears to perform unauthorized data exfiltration, network communication, or system modification. The code structure is typical for quantitative finance libraries.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive, well-structured collection of functions and classes for financial data analysis. It uses standard patterns for performance metrics, clustering, and plotting. The imports are typical for scientific Python environments, and there are no signs of malicious obfuscation, code injection, or hidden system access. The functions perform calculations on input data, with no external system commands or network activity. The only potential concern is if external data sources are used outside this script, but within this code, no malicious behavior is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, complex financial analysis library without any malicious intent. It does not contain suspicious behaviors, malicious data leaks, or sabotage mechanisms. The functionality is consistent with a typical quantitative finance toolkit. I assign a low malware likelihood based on current inspection.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}