{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python client for interacting with the Ultra blockchain API, enabling retrieval of chain info, account details, blocks, transactions, table data, and other blockchain-related information.",
  "sources": "Input data includes API endpoint URLs (from enum classes), account names, block IDs, transaction IDs, and optional parameters such as limits and bounds for data retrieval.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows include API request parameters (e.g., account names, transaction IDs, lower/upper bounds) that are used in network requests. Responses are parsed into data classes, but the raw responses are not executed or directly used in code execution.",
  "flows": "Sources (input parameters) flow into network request methods (_get, _post), which send data to external endpoints. Responses from these requests flow into parsing functions that convert JSON data into typed response objects. No untrusted data is evaluated or executed beyond network calls.",
  "anomalies": "Code does not include hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns. No obfuscated or unusual code structures are present. Use of standard libraries (requests) and clear function definitions indicate straightforward behavior. No signs of data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured API client that interacts with the Ultra blockchain API. It uses enums for endpoint URLs, encapsulates network requests, and parses responses into data classes. All network calls are standard, and response handling is straightforward. There are no signs of code injection, dynamic execution, or malicious data handling. All inputs are parameters used in requests, with no unsafe handling. The code does not contain any suspicious or malicious patterns, and there is no evidence of malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard API client for blockchain data retrieval without any malicious intent or security risks. It performs legitimate network requests and data parsing. No suspicious or malicious behavior is detected, and it seems safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}