{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Python API client for interacting with the Ultra blockchain API, providing methods to fetch chain info, account data, blocks, transactions, and other blockchain-related data.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters (e.g., account_name, block_num_or_id, id), environment variables are not used, and network responses are obtained via requests to external API endpoints.",
  "sinks": "The main sinks are network requests made via requests.get and requests.post, which handle untrusted data from the API responses. Response data is parsed into structured objects, but no dangerous system commands or data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to construct API request URLs or data payloads, which are sent over the network; responses are parsed into data objects. No data is directly fed into system commands or insecure evaluations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or obfuscation patterns; the code uses standard libraries and straightforward API interactions. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. The recursive get_uniqs method could potentially cause deep recursion if API responses are malformed or cyclical, but this is a normal pattern for paginated API calls.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical API client implementation with methods to fetch various blockchain data. It makes network requests with no user-supplied data being executed or used in insecure ways. All network calls use request parameters, and responses are parsed into structured response objects. The recursive approach in get_uniqs is standard for pagination, with no indication of malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are detected. Overall, the implementation appears benign, with no signs of malware, sabotage, or security risks beyond normal API interaction concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward API client for the Ultra blockchain with standard request/response handling. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security risks. It functions as intended for legitimate blockchain data retrieval without any evident security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}