{
  "purpose": "The code provides an interface for interacting with the Ultra blockchain API, including retrieving chain info, account data, blocks, transactions, and other blockchain-related data via HTTP requests.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration endpoints from predefined Enum classes, and fetches data via requests.get and requests.post methods, especially in methods like _get(), _post(), and various get_* functions.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could originate from API responses processed into data models like ChainInfoResponse, AbiResponse, AccountResponse, etc. These are primarily used internally; however, the code does not execute or evaluate these responses as code or commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external API endpoints (sources) through HTTP requests to the _get() and _post() methods, then parsed into specific response objects, and finally returned to callers. No direct execution of input data occurs; data is handled as JSON responses.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs. All API URLs are defined via enums and are standard. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. The request URLs and data appear to be standard API calls without suspicious parameters.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a structured API client for blockchain data retrieval, with proper exception handling and use of data models for responses. No code injection points, no command execution, and no suspicious network activity beyond standard API calls are detected. The URLs are publicly known endpoints, and the request data is strictly controlled within functions. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden functionality. The code follows standard practices for API clients, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API client interface for the Ultra blockchain, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It relies on standard API endpoints, handles responses safely, and does not perform any suspicious operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}