{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of utilities and classes for tracking changes in Django model fields, including descriptors, deep copying mechanisms, context managers, and class patching for tracking field modifications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from model instances, their fields, and method parameters (e.g., save, refresh_from_db). It also accesses class attributes during class finalization and patching.",
  "sinks": "The code writes data into instance attributes, such as tracker attributes and saved_data dictionaries. It does not perform any network operations, file writes, or system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from model instances' fields through tracker methods to saved_data; descriptors retrieve field values and update internal state; class patching methods modify core model behaviors to include tracking logic.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code's purpose is to track field changes; no data exfiltration, network calls, or system manipulations are present. The deep copying approach with lightweight handling of FieldFile instances appears intentional for efficiency, not malicious. No obfuscated code, misleading variable names, or suspicious logic are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a comprehensive field tracking mechanism for Django models, involving custom descriptors, deep copy optimization, context managers, and class method patching to monitor changes. It carefully avoids deep copying large objects unnecessarily and manages deferred fields. The code uses standard Django signals and conventions, with no signs of malicious behavior or malicious data flows. It operates solely within the scope of model instance state management. There are no external data transfers, code injections, or hidden backdoors. Overall, it appears to be a well-structured, benign tracking library.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a non-malicious, structured utility for tracking Django model field changes. It does not contain malware, malicious data flows, or security vulnerabilities based on the review. It primarily manages internal state for model instances and modifies model class methods for tracking purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}