{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of classes and functions to track changes in Django model fields, manage deferred fields, and optimize pickling behavior for Django model instances.",
  "sources": "Code reads model field attributes, deferred fields, and instance state; also reads class attributes during class preparation and signal handling.",
  "sinks": "Potential data manipulation occurs in set_saved_fields, previous, and has_changed methods; no direct data leaks or external communications are present.",
  "flows": "Tracked data flows from model attributes to internal saved_data storage; get_field_value retrieves model data; has_changed compares current and saved data; set_saved_fields updates saved_data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code observed. Use of dynamic attribute setting and method patching is standard for Django model tracking extensions. The LightStateFieldFile class overrides __getstate__ to prevent pickling the instance, which is a typical optimization, not malicious. No obfuscation or obscure code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements field change tracking and deferred field management for Django models, with careful handling of pickling and deep copying. No external network activity, system modifications, or malicious behaviors are evident. The only modification that could be deemed unusual is the override of __getstate__ in LightStateFieldFile, which is a benign optimization to avoid pickling large model instances. The dynamic patching of Django methods and class signals aligns with common Django extension practices. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate and standard Django model tracking extension with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Django model change tracking and deferred field management utility. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on the provided code. Its techniques are typical for Django extensions, with no suspicious network activity or backdoors. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}