{
  "purpose": "Configure the Python package with dependencies and metadata.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input; it defines package setup parameters.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sinks; no data leaks or malicious effects are present.",
  "flows": "The setup() function is called with parameters; the suspicious parameter is assigned but not used in the setup call.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of a non-standard, seemingly random parameter 'XkzRQyKjpFduuNjkzuQUOhXkkwujXpNX' assigned a list of dependencies but not utilized by setuptools, indicating obfuscation or malformed code.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard setup tools, calls setup() with typical arguments, but includes an extraneous parameter with a random name. This parameter is not recognized by setuptools and has no effect on the package installation. The list assigned to this parameter resembles dependencies but is not declared via 'install_requires', which is the standard. Multiple reports identify this parameter as suspicious, suggesting obfuscation or an attempt to hide malicious dependencies. No evidence of malicious activity such as network communication, data exfiltration, or malicious code is present. The variable is unused, indicating malformed or obfuscated code. Malware scores are low (0), consistent with the absence of malicious behavior. Obfuscation scores are high (around 0.7-0.8), justified by the strange parameter name. Risk scores are moderate (around 0.4), reflecting suspicion due to obfuscation but no active threat.",
  "conclusion": "The code exhibits obfuscation tactics through a non-standard, random-named parameter that is not used in the setup process. There is no evidence of malicious activity or malware. The suspicious parameter could be an attempt at obfuscation or malformed code, warranting caution. Overall, the package appears benign but should be reviewed further before deployment or trust.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}