{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions and classes for converting numbers to Arabic words, vocalizing numbers, detecting number phrases in text, and converting text to numbers, primarily for linguistic and numeral processing in Arabic language text.",
  "sources": "Input text to functions like detect_number_phrases_position, extract_number_phrases, detect_number_words, and number2text; reading of input parameters; use of external modules like araby, arabrepr, and constants modules.",
  "sinks": "None identified; no untrusted data is written to files, network, or system commands; no unsafe evaluation or code execution based on input data.",
  "flows": "Input text flows into functions like detect_number_phrases_position and extract_number_phrases; data is processed internally without external system calls; no external sinks such as network or file writes are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation. The code performs linguistic number processing. There are no signs of malicious code injection, reverse shells, data theft, or system disruption. The import of modules is standard, with fallback import patterns. No dynamic execution of untrusted code is present. The code does print diagnostic information but does not perform unsafe actions.",
  "analysis": "The script is a specialized number-to-text conversion utility for Arabic, utilizing external modules for text tokenization and representation. It includes functions for detecting number phrases, converting numbers to words, and vocalizing number words. The code appears well-structured, with clear functions for linguistic processing. No evidence of malicious behavior, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation, is present. The only concern could be the extensive print statements for debugging or diagnostics, but these do not pose security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate linguistic utility for Arabic number processing and does not contain malicious code or supply chain security risks. It is safe in the context of package review, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}