{
  "purpose": "The code implements functions and classes to convert numbers to Arabic text and vice versa, including vocalization and grammatical formatting, primarily for linguistic processing of Arabic numerals.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as 'number', 'text', 'wordlist', and external modules like 'araby', 'number_const', 'named_const'.",
  "sinks": "Data flows mainly within functions manipulating text, such as '_int2str', 'vocalize_number', 'extract_number_phrases', and 'detect_number_phrases_position'. There are no network or system calls present.",
  "flows": "Sources are processed through tokenization, number parsing, and string manipulation functions, with data flow confined to text processing without external system interaction or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code. The code relies on external modules, but their import failure is gracefully handled. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution is evident. No network operations, file writes, or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The script performs linguistic processing of Arabic numerals, converting numbers to words, detecting number phrases, and vocalizing numbers with proper grammatical forms. It imports necessary modules with fallback handling, implements multiple functions for text analysis, and contains a main execution block demonstrating usage. No code appears malicious; it functions as a language processing tool. The absence of network or system calls, and the code’s purpose aligned with natural language processing, indicates no malicious intent. The only potential concern could be if the external modules (araby, number_const, named_const, arabrepr) are malicious, but they are imported safely with error handling, and their code is not visible here.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a linguistic processing module for Arabic numbers, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It contains no external network interactions, system modifications, or hidden malicious code segments. All functions focus on number conversion and text analysis. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}