{
  "purpose": "The script generates C extension modules or stub files for Python based on macros defined in Linux input header files, facilitating the creation of Python bindings for Linux input event constants.",
  "sources": "The code reads header files specified in the 'headers' list or provided as command-line arguments; it also reads command-line options for mode selection.",
  "sinks": "The script outputs generated Python C extension code or stub definitions via print statements; it does not process untrusted data beyond reading header files.",
  "flows": "Header files are parsed using regex to extract macro definitions, which are then formatted into code templates based on user options.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs file reading without sanitization, but this is standard for configuration scripts; no hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are present. The regex focuses on specific macro prefixes, which is normal. No obfuscation or unusual dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The script begins by defining header file paths and parsing command-line options to determine operation mode ('--ecodes' or '--stubs'). It compiles a regex to match specific macro definitions. It gathers system info and reads header files to extract macros, which are then formatted into code templates for module or stub generation. The output is printed directly. There are no network operations, system calls with untrusted input, or malicious payloads. The code's purpose is straightforward code generation based on static header files, with no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard code generation utility for Python extensions based on Linux input headers. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It only reads header files and generates code accordingly. No security threats or malware indicators are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}