{
  "purpose": "The code defines an abstract base class for task management and a concrete in-memory implementation, handling tasks, push notifications, and SSE subscriptions.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters, request objects, task storage (self.tasks), and push notification configs (self.push_notification_infos).",
  "sinks": "Returns responses with task data, error objects, or push notification configurations. Uses logger for info/error logs; no data is sent over network or external systems directly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input requests through methods that access or modify in-memory dictionaries and data structures, ultimately returning responses or updating internal state. No external or untrusted sources are read directly in a dangerous manner.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or misleading variable names. Logging is standard; no dynamic code execution or external code loading is observed. The class structure and methods appear standard and safe.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a straightforward in-memory task management system with support for notifications and SSE subscriptions. It relies solely on in-memory data structures and asyncio synchronization primitives. No external network interactions, file manipulations, or dynamic code execution are present. Error handling is standard, and data access patterns are typical. The presence of extensive imports and method placeholders may suggest extensibility but do not indicate malicious intent. The code does not perform any data exfiltration, code injection, or other malicious activities. It appears to be a typical server-side component designed for task handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate task management implementation with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. It safely manages task data in-memory and provides mechanisms for notifications and SSE streams. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}