{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Python module for managing Terraform resources related to New Relic API access keys, including resource classes, configuration data structures, and type checking functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters in class constructors, property getters, and type hint functions. It also imports various modules and dependencies such as 'pkgutil', 'jsii', 'publication', and Terraform provider modules.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows from constructor arguments, property setters, and configuration inputs to internal attribute storage, which can then be used in resource synthesis and Terraform plans.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are validated and stored in internal dictionaries; properties retrieve these values; resource generation and import functions invoke JSII methods that may process stored data for infrastructure provisioning.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. The code largely consists of standard resource definitions, type validation, and import/export helpers. The typeguard checks and class structures are standard for CDKTF-based resource modules.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of Terraform resource classes using JSII and CDKTF patterns. It includes typical type checking stubs, resource configuration classes, and property accessors. No signs of obfuscated code, malicious logic, or data exfiltration mechanisms are observed. There are no network calls, system modifications, or hidden behaviors. The module serves its purpose in managing New Relic API keys securely through infrastructure-as-code, with standard validation and class design.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a normal resource definition module for managing API access keys via Terraform/CDKTF. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activities. All logic is related to resource configuration, input validation, and resource import mechanisms. Overall, it is a benign, well-structured infrastructure management code with no signs of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}