{
  "purpose": "The code defines a data source class for Terraform to interact with New Relic's key transaction data, including configuration, property accessors, and import functionality.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters during class initialization and property getters, including 'name', 'account_id', 'guid', and 'id'. It also reads optional configuration dictionaries and environment-derived package versions.",
  "sinks": "The code writes data via jsii.set() method for properties such as 'account_id', 'guid', 'id', and 'name'. It also invokes methods like 'jsii.create', 'jsii.invoke', and 'jsii.sinvoke' to create and manipulate resources, but these are standard for the JSII framework and CDK for Terraform.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into class properties and configuration objects, then through jsii methods which interact with underlying infrastructure SDKs or services, but no external network communication or data exfiltration appears to be explicitly implemented within this code.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. No obfuscated or misleading code constructs are present. The code uses standard class and method patterns for resource definition. No suspicious network activity or data leakage mechanisms are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical generated SDK class for a Terraform provider resource using jsii and CDK constructs. It provides an interface to configure and instantiate a New Relic key transaction data source with input validation and property management. There are no indicators of malicious behavior such as network communication, credential theft, or code injection. The code is primarily boilerplate with no suspicious anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "This code is standard SDK boilerplate for managing a Terraform data source resource. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The implementation follows common patterns for infrastructure-as-code SDKs, and no malicious signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}