{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Terraform data source for retrieving a New Relic key transaction by name or GUID, including associated configuration and helper functions for import and property management.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as 'name', 'account_id', 'guid', 'id' and configuration objects like 'connection', 'depends_on', 'lifecycle', etc. It also accesses external modules and package metadata to determine typeguard version.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any evident sinks that could lead to data leaks, code execution, or system modification. No network connections, file writes, or command executions are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to instantiate the data source object, with no external data flow or untrusted data handling beyond parameter assignment. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. The code performs type checking and data structure management typical for Terraform CDK constructs. No obfuscated code, malicious payloads, or unexpected behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a Terraform data source in Python, using CDK for Terraform constructs. It includes class definitions, property accessors, initialization, and import helpers. There are no signs of malicious activities such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system sabotage. The code relies on well-known packages and performs no suspicious operations. The dynamic type checking logic is a common pattern to maintain compatibility across package versions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, standard Terraform CDK resource definition for interacting with the New Relic API. There are no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks in this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}