{
  "purpose": "This code provides a wrapper around the Deezer API, enabling search, retrieval, and management of music data such as albums, artists, playlists, and user information.",
  "sources": "Reads include API responses from Deezer's endpoints via HTTP GET requests; user input for search queries, artist/album/track names, and metadata; and data from API error messages.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data could be exposed if responses include user information, but primarily the code performs API calls and processes JSON responses; no direct data leaks are evident.",
  "flows": "API calls originate from functions like api_call, search, get_album, get_artist, etc., with data flowing from Deezer's servers back to the application. No untrusted external inputs are processed without validation beyond API request parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks are present. The code uses standard libraries and straightforward API interaction patterns. The recursive retry in api_call on connection errors and certain error codes appears standard for robustness. No obfuscated code or misleading variable names are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code acts as a structured client for the Deezer API, with functions for various data retrievals and searches. It handles API errors and retries appropriately. The URL endpoints and parameters are constructed based on function inputs, with no evidence of malicious input handling or malicious behavior. No dangerous operations such as code execution, data exfiltration, or system modifications are observed. The only notable aspect is the extensive use of API exception handling and retries, which are typical for network reliability. There are no signs of embedded malware, backdoors, or suspicious data flows.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard API wrapper for Deezer with no malicious intent or suspicious activity. It responsibly manages API errors and retries without engaging in any harmful or covert operations. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}