{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Python API wrapper for interacting with Deezer's API, including search, retrieval, and metadata functions for music data.",
  "sources": "User inputs such as search queries, artist IDs, album IDs, and other parameters; data retrieved from Deezer API responses.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data from API responses, although primarily used for data retrieval, not data processing or output; no direct data leaks or unsafe data handling observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into API call methods; API responses are processed and returned; no evident flow of untrusted data into insecure sinks or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or suspicious variable names. Error handling re-tries are benign. No unusual or malicious behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward API client wrapper with methods for accessing various endpoints of Deezer's API. It handles errors gracefully with retries for connection issues and raises specific exceptions based on error codes. No code injection, data leaks, or malicious operations are evident. There is no suspicious or malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden functionalities. The functions operate as intended, mainly retrieving data or performing searches. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present, and the data flow is predictable and limited to API interactions. The use of exception handling and retries does not pose security issues. Overall, the code appears benign with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API wrapper for Deezer with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs expected data retrieval functions safely. No malware or security risks identified. The code is well-structured and does not exhibit obfuscation or suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}