{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WSGI application that serves static files and provides API endpoints for SQL lineage analysis, script extraction, and directory listing.",
  "sources": "The code reads static files from the filesystem, request data from the environ['wsgi.input'], and JSON payloads from POST requests.",
  "sinks": "The code writes responses via start_response, serving static files, JSON data, and HTML content. It does not directly write untrusted data to sensitive sinks such as system commands or network sockets.",
  "flows": "Input data from request URL and POST payloads flows into route handlers (lineage, script, directory), which process the data and generate responses. Static files are read from the filesystem based on URL paths. All data is sanitized to prevent directory traversal in static file serving.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution observed. Static files served are from a predefined directory. The route handlers invoke external modules but do not execute untrusted code directly.",
  "analysis": "The application performs basic static file serving with protections against directory traversal (checking '..' in paths). API endpoints process incoming JSON payloads and invoke external modules like 'LineageRunner' and 'extract_sql_from_args' to generate data. The handlers return JSON responses or static files, with proper content-type headers. No evident malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The code appears to be a legitimate web application with standard features. Overall, no malicious behavior is identified, and the code follows common patterns for web servers.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical WSGI app for static content and API handling, with proper input handling and response management. No malicious or suspicious activity is evident. It is safe based on the provided code, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}