{
  "purpose": "Implement a simple WSGI-based web application that provides API endpoints for SQL lineage analysis, script extraction, and directory browsing without relying heavily on external dependencies.",
  "sources": "Request data from environ['wsgi.input'], URL query parameters, and JSON payloads in POST requests.",
  "sinks": "File system access (reading static files), JSON responses, and static file serving from the filesystem.",
  "flows": "Input from environment or request payloads is routed to specific handlers, which may access the filesystem or generate data for responses.",
  "anomalies": "Use of static file serving directly from filesystem with path sanitization only by stripping '..' in URL; no validation of path inputs. The 'lineage' endpoint dynamically imports 'LineageRunner' and processes SQL without validation, but no obvious malicious code here. No hardcoded credentials are visible. No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The application is a standard web server structure, with routes handling static file serving, API functions, and directory browsing. It dynamically imports a lineage processing class and executes its methods, but no malicious behavior or backdoors are evident. The code does not perform any network connections, data exfiltration, or command execution. It mainly reads files, processes requests, and returns JSON responses. The path handling for static files is basic but does not appear to be intentionally unsafe, although some minimal path sanitization exists. No obfuscated code or hidden malicious logic detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a web application for SQL lineage analysis and directory browsing. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks in the provided code. The main concern would be ensuring static path sanitization and proper validation in production, but no active malicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}