{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WSGI web application that serves static files and provides API endpoints for SQL lineage analysis and directory listing, primarily to support a web interface for the 'collate_sqllineage' package.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables like 'REQUEST_METHOD', 'PATH_INFO', and 'wsgi.input' for request data, and reads static files from the filesystem based on request paths.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs responses via start_response, including serving static files (reading files from disk) and returning JSON data. Potential sinks include file reads and HTTP responses.",
  "flows": "Input data (request method, path, request body) flows from the environment into handler functions, which process and generate responses, including serving static files or executing API logic such as '/lineage' or '/script'.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code allows static file serving with path validation to prevent directory traversal (checks '..' in path). The API endpoints rely on user-provided payloads but do not directly execute untrusted code or run system commands. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious payloads, or suspicious network activity. The static file serving logic is standard. The API functions invoke 'extract_sql_from_args' and 'LineageRunner' but do not execute code from untrusted sources directly.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a WSGI application that serves static content and provides API endpoints ('/lineage', '/script', '/directory'). Static file serving checks for directory traversal ('..') in paths, mitigating path traversal vulnerabilities. The API routes process JSON payloads, invoke functions that extract SQL and generate lineage data, and return JSON responses, with no evidence of unsafe eval, exec, or code injection. The 'LineageRunner' and 'extract_sql_from_args' functions are imported modules, and their internal implementations are not shown, but their usage appears straightforward and limited to data processing. The 'draw_lineage_graph' function sets up a server to run the app but does not contain embedded malicious code. Overall, there are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms within this code. The code appears to be a standard, well-structured web server with typical features.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard web application serving static files and providing API endpoints related to SQL lineage analysis. It employs basic security checks such as directory traversal prevention and does not contain any signs of malicious intent or malware. No malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}