{
  "purpose": "This code defines a comprehensive set of exception classes and error codes related to Kafka errors, intended for handling various Kafka protocol error responses in a Python application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from predefined error codes and messages, primarily from the class attributes and error code mappings. It does not take external input directly but maps error codes to classes.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks where untrusted data could lead to data leaks or system effects. The code does not execute external commands, write to files, or send network data based on input.",
  "flows": "The flow involves mapping error codes to error classes via the 'kafka_errors' dictionary, which is created from subclasses of BrokerResponseError. The 'for_code' function retrieves the error class for a given error code.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no unusual or suspicious logic. It is a standard error handling structure for a protocol, with consistent class hierarchies and no dynamic code execution, obfuscated parts, or hidden behaviors. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly defines exception classes for Kafka errors, with attributes for error codes, messages, and descriptions. It includes a function to map error codes to classes. No user input, command execution, or network operations are embedded. All classes are static, and the only dynamic behavior is error class lookup based on error codes, which is safe. The code appears to be a well-structured error handling module without any malicious intent or behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, non-malicious error handling module for Kafka error codes. It provides structured exception classes and a safe lookup function. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage indicators are present. It is a straightforward, secure implementation of error definitions.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 5
}