{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for prime number generation, primality testing, factorization, and number theory operations such as computing symbols and divisors.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments, such as integers for primality tests, factors, and symbols. It also reads from the imported modules: _databases, _helper, and _math.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of random number generation in 'random_prime', 'random' seed setting, and 'math.gcd' computations. The code does not include network operations, file I/O, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Inputs such as integers for prime testing or factorization are processed through functions that perform mathematical calculations, primality tests, and random number generation. There is no data flow to external systems or outputs that could leak information.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no anomalies or suspicious constructs. It uses standard algorithms for primality testing and factorization. No hard-coded secrets or credentials are present. The 'random_prime' function uses optional seeding but that is typical. There are no obfuscation techniques or suspicious code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code implements well-known number theory functions with standard algorithms, including Sieve of Eratosthenes, Fermat, Miller-Rabin, and Pollard's rho for factorization. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system manipulation is present. It relies on mathematical computations and pseudorandom generation. No network or file system access is performed. The use of global prime tables and caching is typical for performance. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, mathematically oriented library for number theory operations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a secure, well-structured implementation of prime generation, primality testing, and factorization functions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The code focuses solely on number-theoretic algorithms without external data leaks or system modifications.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}