{
  "purpose": "The code defines a core Bot class for the QcrBot SDK, managing connection, events, and messaging via a WebSocket adapter and API client.",
  "sources": "Data sources include WebSocket connection data, event data from parse_event, API responses, and input parameters for message sending and API calls.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include message content, user IDs, group IDs, and API response handling that could influence message dispatch or state updates.",
  "flows": "Data flows from WebSocket/raw data -> parse_event/response -> event handling or API response resolution. Message contents flow from method inputs through _prepare_message_param to API calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. The code mostly follows standard SDK patterns. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution observed. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious data leaks.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical SDK core implementation with connection management, event parsing, and message dispatch. It handles raw data, distinguishes responses and events, and provides a suite of API methods for messaging and group management. No signs of malicious logic such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or data theft. All data handling appears intended for normal bot operation. The use of external modules like websocket and api client is standard and does not suggest malicious intent. The code does not perform any suspicious operations such as sending system data, connecting to unknown domains, or executing malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate core component of a chatbot SDK with no indicators of malicious behavior. It properly manages connection states, event dispatching, and API interactions in a standard manner. There are no suspicious patterns, obfuscated code, or malicious behaviors identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}