{
  "purpose": "AWS ECS management utility with obfuscated class and method names, interacting with AWS services to run tasks and retrieve configurations.",
  "sources": "Configuration data from Django settings, AWS SDK calls to ECS and EC2, environment variables, method parameters for task definitions, security group tags, subnet tags.",
  "sinks": "URL construction for AWS console links, AWS API calls that retrieve resource IDs, task execution commands, resource description responses.",
  "flows": "Source data (settings, parameters) used to retrieve resource IDs and configurations, which are then used to construct ECS run commands and console URLs, with no evidence of data leakage or malicious data flow.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation with nonsensical class/method names, inconsistent variable naming, placeholder variables (e.g., 'aws_region', 'cluster_name'), incomplete URL logic referencing undefined variables, invalid parser argument syntax.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated, making readability and maintenance difficult. It interacts with AWS ECS and EC2 to manage tasks, retrieve resource IDs, and generate console URLs. The obfuscation appears intentional, possibly to conceal proprietary logic or hinder analysis. No evidence of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, network connections to malicious domains, or malicious payloads is present. The code lacks hardcoded secrets and does not perform unsafe operations like command injection. The incomplete variables and placeholder code suggest either incomplete snippets or attempts at concealment. Exception handling is minimal, and some functions reference undefined variables, indicating incomplete implementation. The overall structure aligns with legitimate cloud resource management functions, but the obfuscation raises suspicion. Scores: malware=0, obfuscated=0.75, risk=0.3, confidence=0.7.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, albeit heavily obfuscated, AWS ECS management utility. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The primary concern is the obfuscation, which complicates review and could potentially conceal malicious intent if present. The high obfuscation score is justified, but malware remains at zero. The overall security risk is moderate due to obfuscation and incomplete code snippets, warranting cautious review before deployment.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}