{
  "purpose": "This code provides type annotations and data structure definitions for AWS API Gateway V2 service in Python, primarily for use with boto3 and type checking.",
  "sources": "The code sources include static class and type definitions, import statements for standard libraries and third-party typing extensions, and a large collection of TypedDict definitions with fields for various API Gateway components.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks could be places where untrusted data could be inserted, such as fields accepting user input or external data. Notably, fields like 'Body' in request types, 'Tags', 'RequestParameters', 'ResponseTemplates', and any 'Arn' or 'Uri' strings could be manipulated if misused, but this code itself does not process or execute such data.",
  "flows": "The code primarily defines data structures without active data flow or execution logic. However, the flow from input data (e.g., 'Body' or 'Tags') into API request parameters is possible in the application that uses these type definitions. No runtime or dynamic execution flows are present in this static code.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious or unusual code constructs, no hardcoded secrets, no backdoors, no obfuscated code, and no dynamic execution or reflection. The code is strictly type definitions and import statements. The presence of a copyright notice with a future year (2025) is unusual but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of type annotations and TypedDict definitions for AWS API Gateway V2. It includes conditional imports for compatibility across Python versions, type unions, and detailed field specifications. No runtime or executable code is present, only static type structures. No signs of malware such as network calls, code injection, or backdoors are evident. The code appears to be an auto-generated or library-defining module meant for static type checking and validation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a purely static, non-executable set of type definitions for AWS API Gateway V2 SDK. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. It is consistent with a standard type stub or SDK helper module designed for type safety. Overall, it is safe and does not pose security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}