{
  "purpose": "The code implements a sentiment analysis pipeline using a neural network trained on the IMDB dataset, including data loading, model training, evaluation, saving, and applying the model to annotate nodes in a NetworkX graph with sentiment labels.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the IMDB dataset, model and tokenizer are loaded from disk files ('sentiment_rnn_model.h5' and 'tokenizer.pickle'), and node attributes are accessed via 'text' fields in the graph.",
  "sinks": "The code writes the trained model and tokenizer to disk, and updates the graph nodes with 'sentiment' attributes. No external network activity or data exfiltration is observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from dataset loading to model training, then to model evaluation, saving, and later loading for inference. The tokenizer converts text to sequences, which are padded and fed into the model. Predictions are used to annotate graph nodes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, obfuscation, or malicious behavior detected. File operations and model inference are standard. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs a typical NLP sentiment analysis workflow with data loading, model training, evaluation, and inference. It saves and loads models and tokenizers using standard libraries. The perform_sentiment_analysis function loads a pre-trained model and tokenizer, predicts sentiment for node texts, and updates node attributes. No external network activity or suspicious logic is present. The code is clear, well-structured, and uses common practices. No anomalies or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate sentiment analysis pipeline with no signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The assigned malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), consistent with the code's operations. Overall, the code appears safe and trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}