{
  "purpose": "This code provides various content decoders and chunkers for handling HTTP content encoding schemes, including support for optional libraries such as brotli and zstandard.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from external inputs through method parameters like 'decode' functions receiving bytes or strings, and optionally from imported modules that handle decompression (e.g., brotli, zstandard). No external untrusted sources are explicitly read from within this module itself.",
  "sinks": "The data processed by decode methods are returned as bytes or strings; no direct sinks such as network, file writes, or environment variables are present. No data is sent externally or stored maliciously within this code.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into the decode methods of decoders, which process and return decompressed or decoded data. These flows are straightforward, with no indirect or suspicious paths involving external data sources or sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to implement standard decoding algorithms with no suspicious logic or hidden behaviors. The optional library imports are handled gracefully. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures are present. The code structure is consistent with standard decoding/streaming patterns. No obfuscation, no dynamic code execution, and no hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The module defines multiple classes for handling different content encoding schemes, supporting optional libraries for brotli and zstandard. It includes fallback mechanisms and error handling with a custom DecodingError. Chunkers for bytes and text, as well as line processing classes, are implemented in a conventional manner. All external dependencies are optional, and their import failures are handled gracefully without compromising security. No suspicious code patterns, data leaks, or malicious behavior are present. The code’s purpose is to decode content safely, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of content decoding utilities for HTTP content encodings, with proper handling of optional libraries and error cases. There are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or sabotage. The overall security risk is minimal, and the code appears trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}