{
  "purpose": "This code provides various content encoding decoders for handling compressed data streams, such as gzip, deflate, brotli, and zstandard, typically used in HTTP content decoding scenarios.",
  "sources": "The code reads static class definitions, module imports, optional external library imports, and constructor methods. No direct user input or external data sources are read.",
  "sinks": "The main sinks are the decode() and flush() methods of each decoder, which process and return bytes or strings. There are no sinks involving external network calls, file system access, or untrusted data consumption.",
  "flows": "The data flows from decode() methods where encoded data is input, through internal decompression processes, to output as decoded bytes/strings. The flow is straightforward, with no complex source-to-sink paths involving untrusted data beyond standard decompression routines.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets. The code dynamically imports optional external libraries without fallback or fallback warnings, but this is standard practice for optional dependencies. No backdoors, hidden code, or malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a set of content decoders for common compression algorithms, with optional support for brotli and zstandard depending on installed packages. The decoders perform standard decompression tasks, with proper error handling via DecodingError. There are no signs of malicious code, data exfiltration, or backdoors. No external network calls, system modifications, or suspicious behaviors are present. The optional dependency handling is conventional. The code structure and flow are transparent and safe, focusing solely on decoding compressed data streams.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of content decoders for HTTP responses. No malicious or suspicious behavior is evident. It is purely focused on decompressing data streams in a safe and expected manner.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}