{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for checking package versions, dynamically patching functions in modules, and managing these patches, potentially for debugging, testing, or modifying runtime behavior.",
  "sources": "Reading package versions via importlib.metadata.version, reading sys.modules and importlib for module and function manipulations, and input parameters for patching functions.",
  "sinks": "Modifying functions in modules by replacing them with dummy functions or wrappers, which could be used to disable functionality or inject behavior.",
  "flows": "The check_package_version function reads installed package versions. The Patch class loads modules and functions dynamically and applies patches, replacing original functions with new or dummy ones. VAPatchesManager manages registration and application of patches, modifying module functions at runtime.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dummy functions that raise RuntimeError if a function does not exist. Dynamic module and function creation could hide malicious or unintended behavior. No hardcoded secrets or credentials detected. The code relies on runtime patching, which can be misused to alter behavior maliciously but is also common for legitimate debugging.",
  "analysis": "The code contains utilities for version checking and complex patch management via dynamic import and function replacement. The functions allow replacing existing functions with dummy ones or wrappers, potentially disabling functionality or redirecting calls. No suspicious external network activity, system modifications, or credential handling observed. The dynamic patching system could be misused to introduce backdoors or hide malicious actions, but as presented, it appears intended for legitimate runtime modifications. No obfuscation or malware-like behavior detected. The overall code does not contain malicious intent but provides powerful capabilities that could be exploited if misused.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for version checking and runtime patching of Python modules and functions. It does not show evidence of malicious behavior or malware but provides features that could be misused for malicious purposes if employed with malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activities are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}