{
  "purpose": "The code is for configuring an SDK to interact with the Square API, managing environment settings, credentials, HTTP client setup, and request parameters.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-provided parameters such as access tokens, environment settings, custom URLs, and headers; credentials are handled via properties and method arguments.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are URL generation for API requests, request headers, and credentials used in authentication, which could lead to data leaks if mishandled.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from parameters (e.g., access_token, custom_url, headers) flows into URL generation, header setup, and authentication objects, influencing request configuration.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses warnings for deprecated parameters, deep copies for headers, and supports environment customization. No suspicious code or hardcoded secrets are present. Use of warnings suggests deprecation but is not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Configuration class that manages SDK settings, including environment, URL, credentials, headers, and HTTP client setup. It includes properties for secure access to credentials, validation of user-agent length, and cloning of configuration objects with modifications. Credentials are constructed with care, and the use of deep copies prevents accidental data leakage. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are evident. URL generation is parameterized, and credential handling is consistent. Warnings are appropriately used for deprecated parameters, and environment-specific URLs are managed via templates. Overall, the code appears to be standard SDK configuration code with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard SDK configuration module without any malicious behavior or sabotage detected. It manages credentials, environment settings, and request setup securely and appropriately. No signs of malware or malicious code are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}