{
  "purpose": "This code defines a configuration class for setting up and managing SDK settings for interacting with Square's API, including environment settings, authentication, and HTTP client configuration.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include constructor parameters such as access_token, bearer_auth_credentials, environment, custom_url, and additional_headers. Data is also read from properties like environment, custom_url, and bearer_auth_credentials.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include usage of access_token and bearer_auth_credentials for authentication, which could lead to credential exposure if mishandled. The get_base_uri method constructs URLs that could be manipulated if environment variables are compromised.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor parameters (input) into class attributes and methods like create_auth_credentials_object, which may modify or generate credential objects. The clone_with method copies and potentially updates configuration data, propagating sensitive info to new instances.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior is observed. The code adheres to standard patterns for configuration management. The only warning is about deprecated access_token usage, which is documented. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. URL templates and environment handling are straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages configuration for API interaction, including URL construction, credential handling, and environment selection. Credentials are handled via the create_auth_credentials_object method, which creates or clones credential objects. URL generation uses template parameters, but no dynamic or unsafe code execution is present. The code does not include any network operations or data exfiltration mechanisms. The deprecation warning for access_token indicates awareness of best practices but does not introduce risks. Overall, the structure is standard and does not contain malicious or suspicious elements.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate configuration setup for the SDK, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It manages credentials, environment settings, and URL generation securely, following standard design patterns. There are no indicators of malware or security risks within this fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}