{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes for constructing and managing query parameters for the Airtable API, enabling flexible parameter passing and proper URL encoding.",
  "sources": "The code reads parameter values from function arguments, class instantiations, and internal class attributes such as 'value' and 'param_name'.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs dictionaries for URL parameters, primarily returning formatted parameter names and values. No untrusted data is directly written to files, network, or system commands.",
  "flows": "Input data from method parameters flows into class instances, which then generate key-value pairs for URL query strings. The flow is straightforward with no external data sinks involved.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears well-structured; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious constructs are present. The only dynamic behavior involves parameter formatting and class-based parameter management, which is standard. No obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines parameter classes with clear roles, such as handling string arrays, object arrays, and specific Airtable parameters like max records, view, page size, formula, offset, fields, and sorting. These classes generate URL query parameters for API requests. The class methods are designed for flexible and safe parameter creation. No inputs are directly used in system commands, file writes, or network connections. There are no dynamic code execution, eval statements, or obfuscated features. The only point to note is the 'from_name_and_value' static method, which formats a formula string; however, it sanitizes string values and does not execute code or perform unsafe operations. Overall, the code is purely parameter management logic with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of parameter classes for constructing Airtable API query parameters, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs parameter formatting and encoding in a safe and predictable manner. No security risks or malware indicators are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}