{
  "purpose": "The code provides parameter classes for constructing and formatting query parameters for Airtable API requests, allowing flexible and correct parameter passing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments, particularly through class initializers (e.g., max_records, view, formula, offset, fields, sort).",
  "sinks": "The code generates dictionaries for URL parameters; no direct sinks like network or file I/O are present. There are no evident untrusted data sinks that send data outside the application.",
  "flows": "Data flows from class initializers (inputs) through to to_param_dict() methods, converting parameters to URL-compatible formats, with no external or untrusted data flow beyond input handling.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be well-structured, with no signs of obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or malicious logic. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The from_name_and_value method sanitizes string inputs. Overall, the code is standard for parameter handling.",
  "analysis": "The code defines parameter classes for constructing request parameters for the Airtable API. It includes various parameter classes with descriptive docstrings, and methods to convert class instances into URL parameter dictionaries. The classes handle string, object, and array parameters, with support for multiple input formats. The _discover_params method dynamically gathers parameter classes, and _get retrieves specific parameter classes by name. There are no network calls, system modifications, or suspicious data flows. The code's purpose is to facilitate API query building without executing any external or malicious actions. No anomalies or suspicious code patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured parameter utility module for Airtable API requests. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The functions focus solely on parameter formatting and retrieval, with no signs of malware or security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}