{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to build and compile a Python package with C++ extensions using SWIG, including custom build steps for generating wrapper code from interface files.",
  "sources": "Reads the version from a file, lists files in specific directories for SWIG interface files and C++ source files, and executes subprocess calls to run SWIG.",
  "sinks": "Uses subprocess.check_call to invoke the 'swig' command-line tool, which executes external processes based on files in the repository.",
  "flows": "The code reads interface files (.i) from the source directory, runs SWIG to generate wrapper files (.cxx), then compiles these into extension modules, passing commands to the shell.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The subprocess call appears standard for generating SWIG wrappers. No untrusted input appears to influence subprocess parameters directly, but reliance on external files and commands could be a concern if files are maliciously modified.",
  "analysis": "The script automates SWIG wrapper generation and compilation of C++ extensions within a Python package build process. It reads interface files (.i) from the source directory, executes SWIG via subprocess, and then configures extension modules accordingly. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious code patterns are present. The subprocess is used in a typical manner to invoke an external command-line tool, with no indication of malicious intent. The code appears to perform standard package build tasks, and the external invocation of 'swig' is expected for such a process. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The code is straightforward and adheres to common build practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical setup script for a Python package with C++ extensions using SWIG. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malicious intent. It primarily automates the generation and compilation of wrapper files for C++ models, with no suspicious patterns or security risks evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}