{
  "purpose": "The code implements Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) handling for Flask applications, managing request and response headers to enable controlled cross-origin requests.",
  "sources": "Reads from request headers (e.g., 'Origin', 'Access-Control-Request-Method', 'Access-Control-Request-Headers'), app configuration options, and input parameters for resource patterns.",
  "sinks": "Sets headers in the Flask response object such as 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin', 'Access-Control-Allow-Headers', 'Access-Control-Allow-Methods', 'Access-Control-Max-Age', and others that influence CORS behavior.",
  "flows": "Inputs from request headers and configuration options are processed by functions like get_cors_origins and get_cors_headers, then headers are set on responses by set_cors_headers, following logical conditions based on headers and config.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code relies on standard Python libraries and Flask structures. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is observed. Usage of regex is appropriate and controlled. No hidden network activity or data exfiltration is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically processes CORS configurations and request headers to determine appropriate response headers. It uses safe regex handling, avoids unsafe eval or exec, and controls header modifications carefully. The functions for pattern matching, header management, and options serialization appear standard and secure. No signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or sabotage are evident. The only potential concern is proper validation of user input, but the code handles this via regex safety and configuration constraints. Overall, the implementation aligns with common CORS handling best practices and does not introduce security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured implementation of CORS handling for Flask apps with no apparent malicious intent or security risks. It adheres to safe coding practices and does not include suspicious behaviors. No evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration was found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}