{
  "purpose": "The code implements a mini-language for defining and compiling mathematical functions into WebAssembly (Wasm), supporting recursion and conditional expressions.",
  "sources": "Reads source code files provided as command-line arguments, specifically the code of function definitions written in the mini-language.",
  "sinks": "Calls to wasm.Module methods that generate WebAssembly binary and HTML output files; no untrusted data flows directly into these sinks.",
  "flows": "User provides source code file -> Lexer tokenizes input -> Parser processes tokens, constructs functions and expressions -> Functions are added to wasm.Module -> Output files are generated.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets present. The code primarily processes and translates user-supplied code into WebAssembly modules without suspicious behaviors. The parsing rules and code structure are typical for a mini-language compiler. The only potential concern is the absence of input validation or sandboxing when processing source files, which could be exploited if malicious code is provided. However, the code's purpose is to compile mathematical functions, not execute arbitrary code at runtime.",
  "analysis": "The script is designed to parse a specific mini-language for mathematical functions and compile these into WebAssembly modules. It reads a source file, tokenizes it, and uses a parser to interpret function definitions, expressions, and control flow constructs like 'if' statements. The parser methods invoke corresponding wasm.Module methods to build the WebAssembly code. No external data is fetched or sent over the network; the process is confined to file reading and output generation. There are no hardcoded secrets, no code injection points, and no evident backdoors or malicious logic. The code appears to be a benign, experimental compiler frontend. The only slight concern is the lack of input validation, but this does not constitute malicious intent or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code functions as a mini-language compiler translating function definitions into WebAssembly. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. Its security risk level is very low, primarily due to the absence of external network interactions or suspicious file manipulations. It appears to be a straightforward, harmless compiler implementation intended for educational or experimental purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}