{
  "purpose": "The code dynamically loads shared libraries for the 'pyembree' package depending on the Python version, and retrieves the package version information.",
  "sources": "os.path.abspath, os.path.join, sys.version_info, os.environ, open, metadata.version",
  "sinks": "os.add_dll_directory, WinDLL, os.environ manipulation, file.read, metadata.version",
  "flows": "System reads environment variables and filesystem paths, then loads DLLs or shared libraries accordingly. It also reads package metadata at the end.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic DLL loading and environment variable modification could be suspicious, but are typical for DLL management. No hardcoded secrets or unusual code structures are observed. The code reads a '.load-order' file and loads DLLs listed within, which could be manipulated if the file is tampered with, but this is standard behavior for dynamic library loading.",
  "analysis": "The script starts by importing modules and determining the path for 'pyembree.libs'. It adjusts DLL search paths based on Python version and environment conditions. For Python versions below 3.8, it reads a load order file and loads DLLs using WinDLL. For newer versions, it modifies environment variables to enable DLL search modifications and adds the directory to DLL search paths. It then deletes the function from the namespace. Finally, it retrieves the version of the 'pyembree' package via importlib.metadata. These actions are consistent with library setup and environment configuration, with no evidence of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is focused on proper loading of shared libraries for 'pyembree' and retrieving package metadata. While it manipulates environment variables and loads DLLs dynamically, these are common practices in library setup and not inherently malicious. No malicious intent, backdoors, or suspicious activities are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}