{
  "purpose": "The code is a command-line tool designed to automate the collection of free Epic Games from the Epic Games Store, using a web automation approach with Playwright and other libraries.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (EPIC_EMAIL, EPIC_PASSWORD, GEMINI_API_KEY), command-line options (email, password, api key, user data directory), and user input via command-line arguments.",
  "sinks": "Uses user credentials (email and password) for authentication; potentially handles sensitive data such as API keys and secrets. Uses external libraries for web automation, which could be misused if modified maliciously.",
  "flows": "Source: environment variables and command-line options -> Credentials and configuration variables -> Passed into web automation and agent classes -> Web automation performs login and data collection tasks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code segments detected; standard use of environment variables for credentials, common in CLI tools. No hard-coded credentials or backdoors. No data exfiltration, network calls to suspicious domains, or hidden behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The script provides a CLI interface with commands for help and collecting free Epic Games. It reads credentials from environment variables or command-line options, then performs web automation tasks using Playwright and related libraries. No obfuscated code, no malicious network activities, and no code injections are present. Usage of external libraries for automation is typical for such tools. The code includes standard practices for handling secrets (via environment variables and SecretStr). No anomalies or suspicious patterns are found. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate automation tool with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate CLI automation tool for collecting free Epic Games, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles sensitive data appropriately and uses standard web automation libraries. No security risks or malware indications are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}