{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for prefixing exception stack traces with a specific string, optionally scrubbing exception messages, and logging the exceptions with timestamps. It also includes decorators and context managers to automate this process.",
  "sources": "The code reads exception data from caught exceptions, sys.exc_info(), and traceback objects. It also reads configuration parameters from function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include printing to sys.stderr, re-raising exceptions after modification, and setting exception attributes during scrubbing.",
  "flows": "Exceptions are caught via try-except blocks or context managers, passed through scrub_exception for message and attribute modification, then printed and re-raised with a prefix and optional timestamp.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code's purpose is primarily for logging and exception message modification. There are no dynamic code evaluations, network communications, or backdoors. The exception scrubbing could potentially hide sensitive info, but this is an intended feature for security and logging purposes. The use of exception attribute manipulation and recursive scrub might be considered complex but is benign in intent.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a structured approach to exception handling, message scrubbing, and logging. It defines several custom exception classes with public messages, uses attribute transformation to scrub exception details, and can log exceptions with timestamps. The core functions are _attribute_transformer, scrub_exception, is_exception_allowed, and print_prefixed_stack_trace_and_raise. These functions work together to sanitize and output exception data safely. The inclusion of a context manager and decorator provides flexible integration points. There are no indications of malicious intent such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code’s complexity is justified by its logging and debugging utility purposes. It does not perform any actions that could harm or compromise security beyond controlled exception message handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility for exception handling, logging, and message scrubbing, with no malicious behavior detected. It is designed to improve security and privacy when reporting errors by prefixing and optionally hiding sensitive information. The implementation is complex but does not contain harmful or suspicious elements.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}