{
  "purpose": "This module provides decorators and utilities for prefixing exception stack traces while obscuring the exception messages, primarily for logging and debugging purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input and data from exception attributes, function arguments, sys.exc_info(), and file inputs (e.g., sys.stderr). It accesses exception objects and their attributes to scrub or modify exception information.",
  "sinks": "Exception message output to sys.stderr via print statements; raising scrubbed exceptions which could potentially be intercepted or misused; potential modification of exception attributes, although the code appears intended for security or privacy purposes rather than malicious intent.",
  "flows": "Exceptions are caught, potentially scrubbed through recursive attribute modification, and then printed to a file (stderr). The functions wrap other functions, capturing exceptions and logging them with modifications before re-raising or suppressing them.",
  "anomalies": "The code allows for comprehensive exception message and attribute scrubbing, which could obscure malicious code or data. However, there are no signs of code injection, backdoors, or malicious data leaks; the core intent appears to be safe logging and error handling. The function 'scrub_exception' modifies exception attributes which could, in a malicious context, hide critical error information, but within the scope of normal debugging, this is a controlled behavior. No hardcoded credentials, network activity, or suspicious backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a series of custom exception classes with 'public' messages, suggesting an intent to mask detailed internal error messages during exception reporting. The core function 'scrub_exception' recursively cleans exception attributes to prevent leakage of private data, which is a standard privacy feature rather than malicious. The utility functions, decorators, and classes facilitate wrapping functions for exception handling and stack trace printing with custom prefixing and optional message scrubbing. There is no evidence of network activity, code injection, data exfiltration, or other malware behaviors. All modifications serve to enhance error message privacy and readability, with no suspicious or malicious intent apparent.",
  "conclusion": "This code primarily functions as a safe utility for exception handling, scrubbing, and logging. It does not contain malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code injections. Its purpose is to improve error message privacy and debugging clarity. No security risks or malware indications are detected based on the code content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}