{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities and decorators for prefixing exception stack traces while obscuring the original exception messages, mainly for debugging and logging purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads exception objects, system error states via sys.exc_info(), and input parameters such as allow_list and flags for configuration.",
  "sinks": "The code writes formatted and potentially scrubbed exception stack traces to a specified file (typically stderr) and re-raises exceptions after processing.",
  "flows": "Exceptions are caught in wrapped functions or context managers, then passed through scrub_exception for data masking, printed with timestamp and prefix, and finally re-raised.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns; the code primarily manipulates exception objects and handles output formatting. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The scrub_exception function carefully avoids leaking private data by scrubbing exception attributes, but it does not include any malicious behavior or external communication.",
  "analysis": "The code is designed to mask exception messages and print detailed stack traces with prefixes, likely for security or logging enhancement. It includes custom exception subclasses that add a public-facing message prefix. The scrub_exception function recursively sanitizes exception attributes to prevent leakage of sensitive data. It supports allow_list regex patterns to whitelist certain exception messages from scrubbing. No code performs network communication, system manipulation, or data exfiltration. There is no evidence of obfuscation, hidden backdoors, or malicious payloads. Overall, the code is focused on exception handling and logging with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign utility for exception management and logging. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The only potential concern is if the allow_list is improperly configured, leading to insufficient scrubbing, but this is a configuration issue rather than a security flaw. Overall, the code is safe and does not pose malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}