{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for prefixing and scrubbing exception stack traces, primarily for logging or debugging purposes with obscured messages.",
  "sources": "Reads input/output streams (sys.stderr), exception objects, and traceback information.",
  "sinks": "Outputs formatted exception tracebacks to a specified file (typically stderr), potentially including timestamped logs.",
  "flows": "Exceptions caught by decorators or context managers are scrubbed, formatted, and then printed to the output stream, potentially re-raising modified exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or sensitive data found. The code performs exception manipulation without apparent malicious intent. No network activity or data exfiltration observed. The exception scrubbing is for privacy or security reasons, not malicious purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a set of custom exception classes that prepend a public prefix to error messages. It includes functions for recursively scrubbing exception attributes to hide or replace private data, using a prefix and scrub message. The main functions are designed for logging exceptions with masked messages, often for security or privacy. The code uses standard Python modules, including sys, traceback, re, functools, and typing. No network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The exception scrubber could be misused to hide malicious errors or logs, but within the provided context, it appears to be a utility for safer logging. The code does not contain any obfuscated constructs, malware behavior, or suspicious external interactions. It primarily aims to enhance exception handling and logging security.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility module for exception handling and logging with message masking and prefixing. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or external communications. Its purpose is to improve security and privacy in error reporting. Based on this, the overall security risk is low, with no evidence of malicious intent or compromise.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}