{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities and decorators for prefixing exception stack traces and obscuring exception messages for improved logging and error handling, particularly for public or user-facing environments.",
  "sources": "The code reads exception objects, attributes via dir(), and sys.exc_info() for current exceptions.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs formatted exception stack traces to a specified file (usually stderr). It also raises exceptions after processing.",
  "flows": "Exceptions caught in wrapped functions or context managers are scrubbed and printed with prefixes, then re-raised, passing through potentially untrusted exception data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network connections are present. The code performs exception attribute scrubbing and printing. No obfuscated or malicious language features are evident. The code does modify exception messages and attributes for display but does so transparently and without external data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The code's core functionality revolves around safely scrubbing sensitive exception data and printing a prefixed traceback for debugging or logging purposes. It employs recursive exception attribute transformation to prevent leaking private data, using allow lists to preserve certain exception messages. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code's practices are consistent with secure logging and error handling techniques, with no suspicious external calls or hidden actions. The only potential concern is the modification of exception attributes, but this is explicitly for privacy and debugging purposes, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a secure utility designed for error handling and logging with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It scrubs exception data to prevent sensitive information leaks and formats output for clarity. No malicious or supply chain attack vectors are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}