{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Python client for interacting with a REST API, specifically for Demisto, providing methods to send HTTP requests with SSL/TLS configurations and error handling.",
  "sources": "User-provided parameters such as URL, headers, query_params, body, post_params, and environment variables like DEMISTO_EXCEPTION_HEADER_LOGGING.",
  "sinks": "Request body (body, post_params), headers, and environment variables that influence error logging and SSL settings.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into request methods, which build and send HTTP requests via urllib3. The response data is processed and returned, with error handling that can output detailed logs.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to perform standard HTTP client operations with no hardcoded credentials or suspicious code. The error logging based on environment variable can expose headers/body if set, but this is controlled by an environment variable. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious network behaviors are evident. The only potential concern is the detailed error output which could leak sensitive info if environment variable is misused.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of an HTTP client for REST API interactions, utilizing urllib3. It handles SSL configurations, proxy settings, request construction, and response processing. The environment variable DEMISTO_EXCEPTION_HEADER_LOGGING controls whether sensitive headers and body are logged in case of errors, which could expose sensitive info if misconfigured, but is not malicious by itself. There are no hardcoded secrets, no data exfiltration, no suspicious network behaviors, and no obfuscated or malicious code segments. The request and response handling follows typical patterns, and no anomalies indicating malware or sabotage are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical REST API client with configurable SSL and proxy settings, and controlled error logging. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The primary risk is environment variable-based logging which could leak sensitive info if misused, but this is a feature, not malicious intent. Overall, the code appears safe and standard for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}