{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Python REST API client for Demisto, handling HTTP requests with SSL, proxies, and error management. It is designed for interaction with Demisto servers, supporting various content types and configurable SSL settings.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration parameters such as SSL settings, proxy URLs, environment variables for logging, and request parameters like headers, body, and query parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if environment variables controlling logging (e.g., DEMISTO_EXCEPTION_HEADER_LOGGING) are set to expose response headers or bodies. No other untrusted data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input configuration (SSL, proxy, logging settings) influences request construction; request data flows through the request method to the urllib3 pool manager; responses are processed and potentially logged or returned, with errors raising exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or malicious patterns are present. Use of environment variables for logging control is standard but could lead to sensitive data exposure if misused; this is a feature, not an anomaly.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-structured HTTP client for Demisto's REST API, supporting SSL, proxies, and multiple content types. It includes error handling and logging mechanisms. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscation, or malicious code are detected. The use of environment variables for logging verbosity could leak sensitive info if misconfigured, but this is a known feature. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is evident. The obfuscated score is 0, reflecting clear code. The risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), primarily due to potential info leakage via configurable logging, but no actual vulnerabilities or malicious behaviors are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, purpose-driven REST API client with no signs of malware, sabotage, or obfuscation. The only security consideration is the optional detailed logging controlled via environment variables, which could expose sensitive data if misused. This is a feature, not malicious behavior. The assigned scores (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk~0.2) are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}