{
  "purpose": "The code provides an interface for compiling SCSS/SASS files into CSS, with functionality to handle variables, source files, and compilation options.",
  "sources": "Data sources include environment variables (via imported modules), configuration settings, input parameters (scss_string, scss_file, source_files), and internal class variables.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include file I/O operations (reading source files), dynamic evaluation of SCSS variables, and passing data to the Compiler class for processing.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (scss_string, scss_file, source_files, scss_vars) are processed and passed into the compiler. Variables are evaluated using Calculator. Files are read from disk, then sources are added to the compiler's compilation object, which is then executed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The code utilizes standard library features and common patterns for file and data handling. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a deprecated SCSS compilation class, handling user-supplied variables, files, and options. It uses the Calculator class to evaluate string variables, which is standard for such processing. File reading operations are straightforward, with no suspicious path handling or dynamic code execution. The inclusion of extensions and the creation of a compiler instance follow typical design patterns. No malicious behavior such as network access, data exfiltration, or backdoors are observed. The code focuses solely on transforming SCSS to CSS, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a standard implementation of an SCSS compiler interface. It does not contain malicious behavior, security risks, or obfuscated code. The only potential concern might be the evaluation of string variables via the Calculator, but this is a normal part of processing SCSS variables and does not suggest malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}