{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of classes and functions for interacting with a remote Hugr API, processing geospatial and tabular data, and visualizing maps using KeplerGl. Its primary purpose is to facilitate data retrieval, transformation, and visualization in a secure manner.",
  "sources": "Data sources include HTTP responses from the Hugr API, environment variables for configuration, and input parameters for functions and class constructors such as query strings, API keys, tokens, and file paths.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include requests to external servers (HTTP POST requests), decoding and encoding geospatial data (wkb, geojson), and rendering HTML and JSON representations. The code also processes user-provided queries and parameters, which are included in HTTP requests.",
  "flows": "Input parameters such as API keys, tokens, URLs, and query strings are used to construct requests sent to external servers. Responses are parsed and converted into dataframes or objects, which may be further transformed or visualized. Geometry fields are decoded/encoded during data transformations. Data flows from external HTTP responses into internal data structures, then potentially to visualization layers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded secrets are present. The code employs standard libraries and practices for data processing and HTTP communication. There are no signs of obfuscation or hidden code. Environment variables are used for configuration, which is a standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a well-structured API client and data processor for the Hugr platform, handling data retrieval, parsing, and visualization. It includes classes for managing tabular and object data, with functions for decoding geospatial data formats and normalizing nested JSON structures. The use of environment variables for configuration is typical. No signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or backdoors are evident. The code's operations are aligned with its stated purpose of data handling and visualization. The functions interact with external APIs securely, and data transformations are standard for geospatial data processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is focused on data retrieval, transformation, and visualization for geospatial and tabular data via a remote API. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It adheres to standard practices with no suspicious code or unusual patterns. The overall security risk is low, with no significant threats identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}