{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions for handling, visualizing, and querying geospatial and tabular data from a remote service, primarily using open-source libraries like pandas, geopandas, pyarrow, and requests. It supports parsing multipart responses, converting data to GeoJSON, and rendering maps.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from HTTP responses (via requests), environment variables for configuration, and function arguments for parameters such as URLs, API keys, tokens, and data fields.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows include: data fetched over HTTP responses (which could be manipulated), environment variables used for API keys, tokens, and headers, as well as potentially vulnerable geospatial decoding and encoding functions that process external geometry data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from HTTP response parts to in-memory data structures (HugrIPCTable, HugrIPCObject). Geometry data is decoded from various formats (WKB, GeoJSON), potentially involving external data. Data may be converted to GeoJSON or rendered on maps, with no evident external or network data exfiltration points.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hardcoded credentials or secrets. Usage of environment variables for configuration is standard. Geometry decoding and encoding functions are well-structured, with no indication of data leakage or backdoors. The code leverages standard libraries without suspicious obfuscation or dynamic code execution. The only minor concern could be the use of 'print' for warnings, which is not malicious but could be replaced with logging. No suspicious or malicious payloads are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of a data handling framework for geospatial and tabular data, involving parsing multipart responses, decoding geometry formats, and visualizing data. It includes standard security practices: data is received via HTTP with headers indicating content type, and sensitive data like API keys are managed via environment variables. Geometry decoding functions are safe, relying on well-known libraries. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or sabotage. The functions perform expected data processing tasks without unusual or obfuscated code. The overall design is consistent with typical data visualization and processing libraries, with no malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, open-source-like implementation for geospatial data processing and visualization. It does not contain any malicious or sabotage code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. Its use of environment variables for configuration is standard practice. No security risks or malware are evident based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}