{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions for handling, decoding, and visualizing geospatial data, including multipart responses and spatial features, primarily for data analysis and visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external HTTP responses (multipart data), environment variables (for configuration), and input parameters (file paths, fields). Geometry data is decoded from binary or JSON formats within dataframes.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow from external responses into dataframes, and geometry fields are decoded and processed; no direct sinks for malicious payloads are present. No data is sent to external servers or written to files in a malicious manner.",
  "flows": "Data flows from HTTP response parts into data structures; geometry fields are decoded from external formats; dataframes are created and possibly transformed; visualization functions generate maps. No suspicious or malicious flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious dynamic execution are present. Geometry decoding functions are standard, and environment variables are used for configuration, which is typical.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured data processing library for geospatial data, utilizing standard libraries like pandas, geopandas, shapely, and pyarrow. It handles multipart HTTP responses, decodes spatial data, and provides visualization tools. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are evident. Environment variables are used for configuration, which is standard practice. The functions for decoding and encoding geometries are straightforward and rely on common libraries. The data flow is transparent, and no suspicious patterns or payloads are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, transparent geospatial data handling library with no signs of malicious activity or obfuscation. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to handling external data and environment variables, which is typical for such applications. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk score is approximately 0.1–0.2, reflecting standard low-level concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}