{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes and functions for handling, decoding, and visualizing spatial data and general content received from a remote server via multipart responses, primarily in the context of geospatial and tabular data management.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from HTTP responses (via requests), environment variables (os.environ), and data structures passed to class constructors (batches, content, etc.).",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data sinks include the decoding functions (_decode_geom, _encode_geojson), the rendering functions (_repr_html_), and the handling of HTTP response content which could contain malicious payloads.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from HTTP response parts is decoded in _decode_geom and _encode_geojson functions; this data is then processed into pandas DataFrames or geometries, which are passed to visualization or further processing functions. Environment variables influence headers and API keys but are not directly executing code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or backdoors are present. Use of dynamic code evaluation is absent. Geometry decoding functions handle multiple formats safely; no evidence of obfuscation or misleading variable naming. External libraries (requests, pandas, geopandas, shapely, pyarrow) are standard for their purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code's primary functions involve parsing multipart HTTP responses, converting data into pandas DataFrames or GeoDataFrames, and visualizing spatial data. Geometry decoding and encoding functions perform standard format conversions with appropriate format handling. Sensitive data such as environment variables are used for configuration, not execution. The classes and functions do not execute any external or untrusted code or perform malicious activities like system modifications, network exfiltration, or command execution. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. Use of external libraries is standard and safe given their usage context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for data processing and visualization with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles spatial and tabular data safely, without executing untrusted code or leaking sensitive information. No indicators of malware or malicious behavior were identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}