{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement symbolic system solving and constraint management, providing decorators and utility functions for symbolic algebra and automatic substitution in functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads symbolic expressions, function arguments, and input data via function calls, especially within 'AeytSwSfaxXjORkfZnfOpupASEjWXboJ' and related functions. It also reads symbolic variables and expression arguments.",
  "sinks": "The code uses 'sympy.solve', 'sympy.lambdify', and expression substitutions, which could be exploited if untrusted expressions are provided, potentially leading to malicious code execution or resource exhaustion via symbolic operations.",
  "flows": "Sources include symbolic expressions and function inputs; these feed into 'sympy.solve', 'subs', 'lambdify', and function decorators that modify class methods. The flow could lead from untrusted inputs to symbolic operations that invoke code execution within sympy's functions.",
  "anomalies": "No explicit hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious commands are evident. However, extensive symbolic solving and dynamic function wrapping could be exploited if malicious expressions are fed into the system, especially since 'sympy.solve' and 'lambdify' are involved. The code does not sanitize or validate inputs before symbolic processing.",
  "analysis": "The code imports sympy for symbolic mathematics, providing classes and functions for constraint solving and function decoration. It implements symbolic system solving, substitution, and dynamic function wrapping with decorators. It does not handle untrusted data explicitly but relies on user-provided symbolic expressions and symbols. Usage of 'sympy.solve' and 'lambdify' introduces potential for resource exhaustion if malicious expressions are supplied. The code structure appears legitimate and intended for mathematical or algebraic manipulation, with no clear malicious intent or hidden backdoors. There are no signs of obfuscation or malicious code injection. The only concern is the potential for resource-intensive symbolic computation if malicious expressions are supplied, which is a known risk with 'sympy' operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate symbolic algebra utility with function decorators and classes for solving and manipulating symbolic expressions. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage, but it could be exploited if fed malicious symbolic expressions or expressions designed to cause resource exhaustion. Overall, the code appears standard and intended for mathematical symbolic processing.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}