{
  "purpose": "This code implements a backend for handling JWT tokens, including encoding and decoding tokens with support for various algorithms and optional JWKs.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (json, datetime, functools, typing), third-party jwt library, and local modules (.exceptions, .tokens, .utils). Configuration parameters in __init__ such as algorithm, signing/verifying keys, jwk_url, audience, issuer, leeway, and json_encoder.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data such as signing_key, verifying_key, jwk_url, audience, issuer, and token payloads could be exposed if misused. The encode method outputs tokens that could contain payload data, which if mishandled, could leak information. The get_verifying_key method interacts with external JWK client if configured.",
  "flows": "Initialization sets keys and config options. The encode method creates a JWT token from payload, inserting audience and issuer. The decode method validates and extracts payload from tokens using keys and algorithms. get_verifying_key retrieves signing keys, potentially from a JWK endpoint. _prepare_key processes keys for use with jwt library.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious logic. The code properly handles optional parameters, exceptions, and dependencies. The only notable point is conditional JWK client usage, which is standard for JWT validation. No hidden backdoors, obfuscated code, or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of JWT handling, with support for multiple algorithms, optional JWK retrieval, and token validation. It uses secure practices like exception handling and flexible configuration. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are present, such as hidden network calls beyond JWK fetching, data exfiltration, or code injection. The only external interaction is with the JWK client if available, which is a typical pattern for JWT verification.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate JWT backend implementation, with no indicators of malicious intent or security sabotage. It handles token encoding/decoding securely, with proper error management. There are no suspicious or malicious behaviors, backdoors, or malware evident in the code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}