{
  "purpose": "The code implements a backend for handling JWT tokens, including encoding, decoding, and validation, primarily for authentication purposes.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (json, datetime, functools, typing), third-party libraries (jwt, django), and local modules (.exceptions, .tokens, .utils). It also reads configuration parameters such as algorithm, keys, audience, issuer, and jwk_url.",
  "sinks": "Uses jwt.encode and jwt.decode functions which handle sensitive token data. The get_verifying_key method potentially fetches keys from an external URL if jwk_url is provided. No other direct data leaks or external communications are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (payload, token) flows into encode/decode functions. encode uses internal keys and parameters to generate tokens; decode retrieves keys and validates tokens, potentially making external requests via jwks_client if configured. The flow from jwk_url to get_signing_key_from_jwt represents an external data fetch.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. The code dynamically loads external modules (PyJWKClient) without verification beyond availability. The optional jwk_url could lead to external key fetching, which might introduce risks if misconfigured. The use of standard libraries and clear validation reduces suspicion. No obfuscated code or suspicious constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly handles JWT encoding and decoding with validation, using established libraries. It validates algorithms, supports different key types, and handles external JWK fetching when available. No malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful system operations is evident. External dependencies are managed safely. The only external interaction is via jwks_client if jwk_url is supplied, which is a standard practice for dynamic key management. No suspicious data flows or hardcoded secrets are detected. The code appears to follow best practices for JWT handling.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a secure JWT backend with proper validation and key management. There are no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. It adheres to typical security standards for JWT processing. The optional external JWK fetching is standard and does not introduce malicious risks by itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}