{
  "purpose": "The script is an automated decryption tool (Ciphey) designed to decrypt ciphertexts using various algorithms, modules, and configurations.",
  "sources": "Input sources include command-line arguments, stdin, files, and options such as --text, --file, and positional arguments. Data is read from user input, files, or command-line parameters.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed through functions like config.objs['searcher'].search(), decrypt(), and various configuration updates. The decrypted output is displayed via console.print. No direct sinks for untrusted data manipulation beyond output display are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from command-line or stdin into variables (e.g., kwargs['text']), then through configuration loading, module loading, format conversions, and finally into the decrypt() function. The results are then printed to the console.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation detected. The code primarily handles configuration, input parsing, and decryption workflows. It uses third-party libraries (click, loguru, rich) appropriately. Warnings are ignored; no evidence of malicious code execution, network activity, or data exfiltration is present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard command-line argument parsing, configuration management, and decryption flow for a cryptanalysis tool. It reads user input from various sources, manages configurations securely, and outputs results. There are no hardcoded secrets, dynamic code execution, or network communications that could be malicious. The structure and functions are consistent with a legitimate decryption utility, and no anomalous or suspicious behavior is evident. All data flows are contained within the process, with no external or covert channels.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate implementation of an automated decryption tool without any malicious intent or sabotage. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or suspicious data handling behaviors. Its security risk is minimal, primarily related to potential misconfiguration or misuse but not malicious code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}