{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility classes and functions for constructing and escaping Solr query strings in a safe, structured manner, including support for ranges, proximity searches, logical operators, and query serialization.",
  "sources": "Input sources include raw values passed to classes such as Value, Range, and Proximity (e.g., strings, datetime, timedelta); data is primarily provided through class instantiation parameters.",
  "sinks": "Data is transformed into query string components during __str__ methods, especially in Value, Range, Proximity, and Q.compile(), which generate escaped or formatted query parts for Solr.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters in object constructors (raw values, ranges, proximity, query components) into string representations via __str__ or compile() methods, with escaping applied in Value.__str__ and Value._escape.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious hardcoded secrets. The code uses regex for escaping, but nothing unusual or obfuscated. No dynamic code execution or external network activity present. The use of functools.partial in Q class for boost operators is standard. No apparent backdoors, data exfiltration, or hidden behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code provides classes for safe handling of query values, ranges, and proximity searches, with proper escaping to prevent injection. The operator classes handle logical combinations of queries. The code appears to be well-structured for query building, with no signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation. No external data flows or network activity. The only dynamic behavior is string formatting and regex-based escaping, which are safe. All classes serve legitimate purposes in query construction. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code segments detected.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a standard utility for constructing Solr query strings with proper escaping and formatting. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious anomalies. It is intended for safe use in query construction within an application. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}