{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and class definitions for the AWS Signer service client, facilitating type-checked interactions with the AWS Signer API.",
  "sources": "Constant string method descriptions, import statements, class and method signatures, and property definitions that reflect AWS SDK API interactions.",
  "sinks": "Method calls to AWS SDK operations, property accessors, and potentially dynamic method invocations via 'overload' and 'Unpack' that could lead to runtime API calls.",
  "flows": "Method calls and property accesses that correspond to AWS API interactions, such as 'generate_presigned_url', 'add_profile_permission', 'describe_signing_job', etc., which may process user-supplied parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or secrets. The code is primarily type annotations, method signatures, and class/property definitions. No code executes untrusted input or performs data exfiltration. Usage of 'Unpack' and 'overload' is consistent with type hints. The presence of only type annotations and method signatures indicates no active malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Python module with detailed type annotations, class structures, and method signatures for the AWS Signer SDK client. It imports standard libraries and AWS-specific modules, uses conditional imports for compatibility, and defines a custom 'Exceptions' class. The 'SignerClient' class extends 'BaseClient' with properties and methods corresponding to AWS API operations, including pagination, signing, and resource management. All methods are only signatures with docstrings referencing AWS documentation, and no executable logic or dynamic code execution is present. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious behavior, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The code appears to be a well-structured, type-annotated SDK interface intended for use in larger applications. It does not contain any code that could be malicious or harmful by itself.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a comprehensive, type-annotated SDK interface for AWS Signer. It contains no malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. Its purpose is to enable type-checked interaction with the AWS Signer API, with no indication of malicious intent or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}