{
  "purpose": "The script facilitates uploading .xml files to a specified API endpoint, supporting both single files and entire folders.",
  "sources": "User input from command-line arguments (path, api_key, team_id, project_id, testrun_id, server), environment variables (not used here), and local filesystem (file or directory path).",
  "sinks": "upload_file and upload_xml_files_from_folder functions that send data to an API endpoint, potentially transmitting untrusted data (files) over the network.",
  "flows": "User provides path and credentials -> code determines if path is file or directory -> calls upload functions with untrusted file data and credentials -> data is sent over network to configured API URL.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code behavior; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The API URLs are mapped from known server choices without user input manipulation. The use of match-case is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code reads user input via argparse, specifically paths and API credentials, which are sensitive data. The server parameter influences the API endpoint URL and server config, with mappings stored in a dictionary and a match-case statement. It handles input validation for path existence and type. File and directory uploads are performed via imported functions, with exception handling. No hidden or malicious logic, code injection, or obfuscation detected. The code relies on external functions for the core upload logic, but no malicious behavior is evident in this module. No hardcoded secrets are present; API keys are supplied at runtime. The logic flow is standard, with no signs of malicious data exfiltration or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard file uploader utility that takes user input, constructs API URLs, and calls external upload functions. No malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or malware are detected. The code appears legitimate and secure in its current form.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}