{
  "purpose": "This script facilitates uploading XML files to a specified API endpoint, either a single file or a folder of files, with configurable server options and API keys.",
  "sources": "Reads command-line arguments (path, api_key, team_id, project_id, testrun_id, server); accesses the filesystem to check for files or directories.",
  "sinks": "Calls functions upload_file and upload_xml_files_from_folder with user-provided data, which likely perform network requests to upload files.",
  "flows": "User inputs command-line arguments -> Script sets configuration based on server choice -> Validates path -> Calls upload functions with data from arguments -> Network upload occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or backdoors observed. Configuration setting appears standard. No obfuscated code detected. The API key is supplied via command-line, which is typical but can be risky if logs are exposed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles argument parsing, configuration setup, and calling upload functions based on file/directory existence. The API key is passed explicitly by the user, avoiding hardcoded secrets. API URLs are chosen based on predefined server choices. No malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors is evident. The code does not contain any suspicious or malicious logic; it mainly orchestrates upload operations using external functions. There are no signs of malware, reverse shells, or unauthorized data collection. The flow is straightforward, and the code adheres to standard practices for CLI-based file uploads.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate file uploader script with no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. It handles user input responsibly and performs expected file upload operations. No malicious activity or security risks are detected within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}