{
  "purpose": "This code defines deprecated classes and data structures for AWS API Gateway v2 integrations, including various private, URL, Lambda, WebSocket, and load balancer integrations, primarily for use with the AWS CDK in Python.",
  "sources": "Class constructors (__init__ methods), property getters/setters, and data type definitions. No external input sources or untrusted data reading functions are present.",
  "sinks": "No data sinks such as network connections, file writes, or environment variable accesses are evident. No execution of external commands or code injection points are present.",
  "flows": "There are no identifiable source-to-sink data flows. The code is primarily declarative class definitions and property assignments without runtime data processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily marked as deprecated, with many deprecated parameters, properties, and methods. No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors are found. No obfuscated code, runtime code execution, or dynamic code evaluation is present. The presence of 'deprecated' tags indicates these are legacy definitions, not malicious manipulations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of class and data structure definitions for AWS API Gateway integrations, marked as deprecated. It includes constructors, property accessors, and data type annotations, with no runtime or malicious behaviors. All functions are purely declarative, with no input processing or external communication. The code appears to be boilerplate for CDK constructs, with no signs of malware or security threats. The deprecation tags suggest these are legacy APIs intended for backward compatibility rather than active malicious use.",
  "conclusion": "There is no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks within this code. It is a standard, albeit deprecated, SDK/SDK-like code structure for AWS CDK integrations. The code does not perform any external or sensitive operations, nor does it contain obfuscated or malicious code segments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}