{
  "purpose": "This code provides deprecated classes and data structures for AWS API Gateway v2 integrations in the AWS CDK, mainly for setting up integrations with load balancers, Lambda functions, and service discovery, using a specific alpha module.",
  "sources": "The code defines classes and data types that are used for configuring integrations; no input data reading or external data sources are present.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks such as network connections, file writes, or environment variable accesses that could leak data or perform malicious actions.",
  "flows": "The code sets up class constructors and binding methods for AWS resource configurations. No runtime data flows or untrusted input handling are present; these are configuration definitions.",
  "anomalies": "All classes and functions are for infrastructure configuration; no hardcoded credentials, secrets, or dynamic code execution are present. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious logic detected. Deprecated annotations do not indicate malicious intent, but suggest these are legacy APIs.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of class definitions, constructors, property setters/getters, and data structures with type hints. No input reading, network operations, or dynamic code execution are implemented. The use of deprecated tags indicates that these classes are legacy and should be replaced, but does not imply malicious intent. The functions are only for configuring AWS resources and do not perform any suspicious operations. All functions adhere to expected patterns for infrastructure-as-code libraries. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data leaks are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of deprecated infrastructure configuration classes for AWS CDK integrations. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks. It is purely declarative, defining structures and constructors without any runtime data handling or external connections. Given the context and content, the code appears benign and safe to use with respect to security.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}