{
  "purpose": "The code provides an advanced utility for generating text embeddings using multiple language models, supporting features like vector normalization, text chunking, and multi-provider support, primarily aimed at facilitating similarity search and large document processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input texts for embedding, document dictionaries for batch processing, and text strings for chunking. It also accesses environment variables for API keys and makes API calls to external services (OpenAI).",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows from user inputs and external API responses. Potential sinks include embedding vectors stored in documents or returned to calling functions, which could be misused if manipulated, but no malicious data exfiltration or harmful actions are evident.",
  "flows": "Input texts are validated and sent to API calls; responses are processed and normalized; embeddings are stored or returned. In chunking, text is split into overlapping segments, embedded, and augmented with identifiers. Data flows from input validation through API responses to output embeddings.",
  "anomalies": "The primary anomaly is the use of the parameter `'encoding_format=\"base64\"'` in the OpenAI API call, which is not a documented parameter for the `create` method and likely a typo or unsupported parameter. No hardcoded credentials or obfuscation are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured, with input validation, error handling, and clear separation of concerns. The API call includes an unsupported parameter, which could cause runtime errors but does not indicate malicious intent. No suspicious logic, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. The scoring reflects a very low malware likelihood (0), no obfuscation (0), and a slight security concern (0.1-0.2) due to the API parameter anomaly. The code's purpose aligns with legitimate embedding generation, and no malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-designed utility for text embedding generation. The only notable issue is the unsupported `'encoding_format=\"base64\"'` parameter in the API call, which should be corrected to prevent runtime errors. There is no evidence of malicious activity, backdoors, or sabotage. The malware score remains at 0, obfuscation at 0, and security risk at approximately 0.1-0.2 due to the API parameter anomaly.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}