{
  "purpose": "This script facilitates uploading XML files or folders containing XML files to a specified API endpoint, with configurable server and authentication details.",
  "sources": "The code reads user input from command-line arguments (path, api_key, team_id, project_id, testrun_id, server), and reads environment variables or config files indirectly through imported modules.",
  "sinks": "The code calls external functions upload_file and upload_xml_files_from_folder, which likely perform network requests to upload data, potentially exposing sensitive information if not handled securely.",
  "flows": "Input data from command-line arguments flow into API request functions which communicate with external servers; path input determines whether a file or folder is uploaded, while api_key, team_id, project_id, and testrun_id are used as parameters for these uploads.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, obfuscated logic, or hard-coded secrets are present. The API keys and IDs are received via command-line arguments, which is standard. No hidden backdoors, malicious code, or unusual behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The script parses command-line arguments, including sensitive credentials and configuration options. It sets server URLs dynamically based on user input, mapping server names to URLs. It then attempts to upload specified XML files or folders by calling external modules, handling exceptions gracefully. There are no signs of malicious code, code injection, data leakage, or suspicious behavior. The functions used for uploading are imported and not shown, but their invocation appears legitimate. No hardcoded secrets are present. The logic is straightforward, with no obfuscation or suspicious control flows.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate utility for uploading XML files to various server environments, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. The only consideration is that API keys and IDs are passed via command-line, which should be secured in production environments. Overall, no malicious behavior or sabotage is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}