{
  "purpose": "The script is a testing tool for interacting with an MCP server, listing resources, tools, prompts, and calling tools and prompts via an asynchronous client session.",
  "sources": "The code reads command-line arguments (server path, test type), and establishes a client session with the server using stdin/stdout streams.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows to printing output, JSON serialization, and session methods that send data to the server, especially session.call_tool and session.get_prompt.",
  "flows": "Input from command line and server responses flow into functions that process and display data, with potential untrusted data passed to output or server calls.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are observed. The code constructs default arguments for tools and fetches resources without manipulating data. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The script utilizes standard libraries (asyncio, argparse, json) and a custom 'mcp' module for client-server communication. It defines asynchronous functions to list resources, tools, and prompts, and to invoke tools and prompts with default parameters. The connection setup involves executing a server script via a subprocess, with data exchanged over streams. All data flows appear controlled, with no code injection or malicious behaviors. The code mainly performs benign listing and calling operations. There are no hardcoded secrets, network connections beyond the intended server communication, or malicious payloads. Overall, the code acts as a client utility to interact with a server without performing any harmful actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate testing utility for MCP server interactions. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious code. The data exchanges are controlled, and no suspicious operations are evident. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}