{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a testing utility for interacting with an MCP server, listing resources, tools, prompts, and invoking tools.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from the MCP server via the ClientSession methods: list_resources, read_resource, list_tools, list_prompts, get_prompt, and call_tool. It also reads command-line arguments for server script path and test selection.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs data to standard output (print statements) and makes remote procedure calls to the MCP server. It does not include direct handling of untrusted user input that could lead to code injection or data leaks within this code snippet itself.",
  "flows": "Input command-line arguments determine server connection and test flow. Data from server responses (resources, tools, prompts) is retrieved and printed. When invoking a tool, parameters are constructed programmatically and sent via session.call_tool.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or sensitive data are present. The code generates default arguments for tool invocation based on schema, which is benign. It uses standard library and external dependencies in a typical manner.",
  "analysis": "The script is a straightforward client for testing an MCP server, listing resources, tools, and prompts, and invoking tools with default arguments. It uses asyncio for asynchronous operations and command-line arguments for configuration. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data handling. The code only interacts with the server API and outputs to the console, with no suspicious file or network activity evidenced.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign testing script intended for interacting with an MCP server. It does not contain any malicious or suspicious behavior, nor does it handle untrusted data in a way that would pose security risks. The usage seems aligned with its purpose, with no indicators of supply chain attacks or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}