{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes and functions for visualizing data using matplotlib with datashader integration, including custom normalization, colormap, and aggregation logic for scalar and categorical data.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include pandas or dask DataFrames, and attributes such as df[x].values, df[y].values, binned.data, and event.xdata/event.ydata for user interactions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are image rendering functions like set_array, to_rgba, and matplotlib's image display; also, get_cursor_data accesses data at event points.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DataFrame extraction → aggregation via bypixel → optional hooks and normalization → color mapping and masking → image data setting in matplotlib → user interaction querying with get_cursor_data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. Usage of warnings, numpy, and matplotlib appears standard. No obfuscated code features detected. The code performs typical visualization tasks with data normalization and colormap handling.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured around data visualization using matplotlib and datashader. It defines classes for scalar and categorical data artists, with functions for normalization, colormap creation, and data processing. The functions and classes follow standard patterns for data handling and rendering. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network connections, data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden backdoors. The hooks are optional and meant for user-defined processing, which do not appear suspicious. All data handling and image processing operations use standard libraries and techniques. No unusual or malicious code patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate data visualization module integrating matplotlib with datashader. It contains no malicious or sabotage code. The functions and classes are consistent with their intended purpose, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 1
}