{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a web application using Flask with various views, filters, and utilities for symbol analysis and display.",
  "sources": "Data sources include HTTP request inputs (request.form, request.method, request.base_url), URL parameters, and the collector object for data retrieval.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include rendering templates, generating URLs, and redirecting responses. Specific functions that generate HTML or redirect could be vulnerable if untrusted data is used without sanitization.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from requests and collector outputs flow into template rendering, URL generation, and HTML output functions. There are source-to-sink paths where user input affects URL construction, HTML output, and page redirection.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated variable names and imports, along with complex nested function calls and dynamic template filters, suggest possible code obfuscation. No hardcoded credentials or malicious backdoors are evident. The code involves standard template and URL generation functions but with unusual naming conventions.",
  "analysis": "The code is mainly a Flask-based web app with multiple view classes and Jinja2 filters. It heavily relies on the collector object for data retrieval, which might be a security concern if it returns untrusted or malicious data. The presence of obfuscated variable names, dynamic filter registration, and extensive data flow from user input to HTML output raises suspicion of possible attempts at hiding malicious intent or obscuring data leaks. However, no direct evidence of malware like system data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious code execution is visible. The functions appear to handle data sanitization cautiously, but the obfuscation and complexity could mask malicious behavior. Overall, the code shows moderate obfuscation and potential for misuse but lacks concrete malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "While the code is complex and heavily obfuscated, there is no clear evidence of malicious activity or malware. The main concern lies in potential data leaks or injection through template filters and URL manipulation, especially considering the obfuscated variables and dynamic data flows. The code's structure warrants further review of the 'collector' object and its data sources. The malware risk score remains low to moderate, with a security risk score warranting review due to obfuscation and data handling complexity.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "report_number": 4
}