{
  "purpose": "This module provides helper utilities for code inference, type checking, and class/object analysis within the astroid library, which is used for static analysis of Python code.",
  "sources": "Imports from 'astroid' modules, functions that accept nodes, classes, or modules as parameters, especially 'node.infer', 'safe_infer', and attribute accessors.",
  "sinks": "Inference methods such as 'infer', 'igetattr', and attribute accessors which could potentially handle untrusted input if nodes are derived from untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from nodes representing code constructs through inference functions, attribute accessors, and type checks, often involving 'infer' and 'igetattr' calls that may process untrusted data, but are intended for static analysis.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard for static code analysis utilities. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated logic, or backdoors are evident. Warnings are for deprecated features, not malicious activity. Usage of warnings.warn and inference functions is consistent with static analysis purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code provides static analysis functions to infer types and analyze class hierarchies, using safe inference and type checking methods. It imports modules and functions that are typical for static analysis. No code constructs are used to execute arbitrary code or perform network operations. The inference functions operate solely on code structure nodes, with no apparent handling of external inputs that could be malicious. The warning about deprecated functions is standard, and the code's structure focuses on type and class analysis without side effects. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or system modification behaviors. The overall purpose aligns with code analysis rather than execution.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for static code analysis within the astroid library. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. It performs type inference and class hierarchy analysis in a safe manner. No malicious intent or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}