{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for type inference, class and object analysis, and other helper methods related to static analysis and code inference within the astroid library, primarily for static code analysis tools.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from class definitions, function definitions, inference results, and node attributes such as 'bases', 'name', and '__len__'. It also reads data from the import statements and the 'astroid' library modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include places where data is inferred and returned, such as 'object_type', 'safe_infer', and attribute inference methods, but these are used for static analysis, not runtime data handling. No direct data leaks or untrusted data handling are evident.",
  "flows": "Sources (e.g., class definitions, nodes, inference results) flow into inference functions, which process and sometimes raise errors or return types, classes, or inference results. The flow is internal to static analysis, not runtime data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies indicating malicious intent, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior. The code adheres to standard static analysis utility patterns. The deprecation warning in 'safe_infer' is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of utility functions for static code inference within the astroid library. It performs type and class inference, hierarchy checking, and length inference, all based on static code analysis. There are no operations involving external inputs, network activity, or system modification. The code includes standard exception handling for inference errors and type checks. No obfuscation or suspicious patterns are present. The presence of a deprecation warning suggests ongoing maintenance but not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility module for static code analysis with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs type and class inference operations safely within its static analysis scope. The likelihood of malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}