{
  "purpose": "The code provides various utility functions for inferring types, class hierarchies, and object attributes within the astroid static analysis framework, used primarily for Python code analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from class and function definitions, inference results from nodes, and attribute lookups on inferred objects.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks are present; the code does not perform data output, network communication, or file operations. It does contain calls to infer attributes and types which could potentially be misused if manipulated externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from node inference through attribute lookups and type checks, with inferred results used for type-related logic; no external data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a deprecation warning indicating future removal of a shim function, but no suspicious or malicious patterns are evident. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are present. Usage of assertions and exception handling appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of utility functions for static analysis and type inference within the astroid framework. It uses standard Python features, class and function introspection, and inference result handling. No network operations, file I/O, or system commands are present. The deprecation warning suggests future code cleanup but does not indicate malicious intent. All code paths handle typical analysis scenarios, with no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration or backdoors. The functions appear designed for safe, internal use within a static analysis context, with no external data leakage or system disruption mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility module for static code analysis, providing type inference and class hierarchy checks. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The presence of a deprecation warning indicates maintenance but no malicious activity. Overall, it appears safe and intended solely for code analysis purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}