{
  "purpose": "The code implements a data quality check runner for Spark DataFrames, executing both row-level and aggregate-level checks, annotating errors, and determining overall pass/fail status based on severity levels.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the input Spark DataFrame 'df' which is provided to the run() method. No other data sources are explicitly used.",
  "sinks": "The code writes error annotations into new columns (_dq_errors, _dq_aggregate_errors, _dq_passed). No external output or data exfiltration methods are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input DataFrame through validation checks in _run_row_checks and _run_aggregate_checks. Error information is accumulated into error columns. Failure flags are combined into _dq_passed. Final annotated DataFrame is returned with error details.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated constructs. Usage of Spark functions appears standard and appropriate for data validation tasks. No unusual code patterns, network operations, or file manipulations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs structured data validation within a Spark environment, applying checks and annotating errors accordingly. It leverages well-defined classes for checks, severities, and results, with standard Spark SQL functions. No evidence of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, command injection, or backdoors, is present. The code's purpose aligns with common data validation workflows, and all operations are contained within the Spark data processing context. No external network or file I/O occurs beyond DataFrame transformations. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate and safe implementation of a data quality validation engine.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a Spark-based data validation runner. It performs expected operations without any malicious intent or suspicious behavior. No security risks or malware signals are detected. The code's structure and functionality are consistent with typical data quality tools.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}