{
  "purpose": "The code is a command-line interface (CLI) tool for generating a JSON Schema from input JSON objects and/or schemas, supporting multiple input files, delimiters, and formatting options.",
  "sources": "Input files specified via command-line options (-s for schemas and positional arguments for objects), stdin if no objects provided and input is piped.",
  "sinks": "Parsing JSON data with json.loads, outputting JSON schema with print (standard output).",
  "flows": "Input files are read and their content parsed into JSON objects, which are then processed by SchemaBuilder to produce a combined schema. Data flows from file reading or stdin, through json parsing, into schema building, and finally to output.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code performs standard CLI argument parsing, JSON reading, and schema processing. No dynamic code execution, network operations, or data exfiltration present. The only notable aspect is the regex-based JSON boundary detection, which is standard for handling multiple JSON objects in a single text.",
  "analysis": "The script uses argparse for CLI argument parsing, allowing flexible input options including multiple files and delimiters. It reads JSON data from specified files or stdin, handling errors gracefully. The JSON data is then passed to a SchemaBuilder instance to generate a unified schema. No network access, system modifications, or malicious activities are evident. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets, malicious payloads, or obfuscated segments. All operations are typical for a CLI JSON schema generator. The regex used for splitting JSON objects is standard and safe, with no signs of malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility with no malicious or security-compromising behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign CLI utility for generating JSON Schemas from input JSON data. It has no signs of malware or malicious intent. It handles input parsing, JSON processing, and schema output securely without any suspicious or malicious activities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}