{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility wrapper functions around SQLAlchemy expressions, enhancing type safety and compatibility with models like Pydantic, without introducing malicious behavior.",
  "sources": "Functions that accept input parameters for SQL expression construction, such as columns, expressions, and literals.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe use of untrusted data passed into these functions, which could lead to SQL injection or data leaks if not validated externally.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sources) flow into SQLAlchemy functions (sinks) to generate SQL expressions; improper handling of untrusted data could lead to security issues.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code patterns detected; the code is straightforward and primarily delegates to SQLAlchemy with type checks.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of wrapper functions around SQLAlchemy's expression API, designed to improve type safety and usability. It does not contain obfuscation, malicious logic, or backdoors. The 'col' function enforces that only valid SQLAlchemy column objects are accepted, which enhances safety. The overall structure is clear, with appropriate type hints. The main security consideration is the potential misuse of these functions with untrusted data, which could lead to SQL injection if not properly validated at the application level. The malware score is 0, indicating no malicious intent. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is transparent. The security risk score is around 0.2, reflecting a cautious stance on potential misuse, not inherent flaws. Confidence in this assessment is high, given the code's simplicity and clarity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured utility module for SQLAlchemy expression building. It contains no malware, obfuscation, or malicious backdoors. The slight security risk score accounts for potential misuse with untrusted data in broader application contexts, but the code itself is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}