{
  "purpose": "The code manages CLI commands for Typer apps, dynamically importing modules/files based on user input, and generating documentation. It facilitates execution of user-supplied modules, which could contain malicious code if inputs are untrusted.",
  "sources": "Reading user input parameters ('path_or_module', 'app', 'func'), reading files via Path, importing modules with importlib.util.spec_from_file_location and spec.loader.exec_module.",
  "sinks": "exec_module executes the entire module code, which can include malicious payloads if the module is compromised. No other sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> determine file/module to import -> importlib.util.spec_from_file_location or find_spec -> spec.loader.exec_module -> executes arbitrary code.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic import and execution without sandboxing or validation. No obfuscation or hidden code detected. No hardcoded secrets or unusual code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code allows dynamic loading of Python modules/files based on user input, executing their top-level code via importlib's exec_module. This pattern is common in CLI tools but introduces significant security risks if the inputs are untrusted. The code itself contains no malicious payloads or obfuscation. The primary concern is that malicious modules could be supplied, leading to arbitrary code execution. The current implementation does not sandbox or validate modules, making it vulnerable to supply chain attacks. The malware potential is high due to this pattern, although no malicious code is embedded in the current codebase. The risk of executing malicious code justifies a high malware score (~0.75-0.8) and a high security risk score (~0.75-0.85). Obfuscation is not present. Overall, the code is functionally standard but poses a significant security risk if used with untrusted modules.",
  "conclusion": "The code itself is not malicious but employs a pattern (dynamic import and execution) that can be exploited to run malicious code if untrusted modules are supplied. The malware score should be increased to approximately 0.75-0.8 to reflect this risk. The overall security risk is high, and caution should be exercised when importing modules from untrusted sources. Proper validation, sandboxing, or restrictions are recommended to mitigate this vulnerability.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.75,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}