{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions to implement progress logging and progress bar visualization, including support for notebook environments and various progress bar management strategies.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters, class attributes, and external libraries such as 'tqdm' and 'time'. Data is read from parameters and internal class states.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include writing logs to files, printing messages to console or notebook, updating progress bars via 'tqdm', and modifying internal state dictionaries.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into class attributes and internal dictionaries; progress bar updates trigger 'tqdm' methods; log messages are written to files or printed; state updates propagate through method calls.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be well-structured with standard progress logging functionality. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. No unusual or obfuscated code features identified. No external network connections, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements typical progress logger classes with support for console and notebook environments. It manages internal state and progress bars, with customizable callbacks. No signs of malicious behavior such as data theft, backdoors, or malicious network activity are evident. Usage of external libraries ('tqdm') is standard for progress visualization. The code structure and variable usage are straightforward, with no obfuscated or hidden logic. Overall, the code appears to serve its purpose for progress logging without any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of progress logging and visualization classes with no indications of malicious or sabotage behavior. It functions as intended for progress tracking in Python projects, including support for notebooks. There are no security risks or malware signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}