{
  "purpose": "This code defines a registry system for managing tools and prompts, along with base classes for tools and prompts, including methods for time formatting, registration, and execution logic. It appears to support a plugin-like architecture for extensible tools and prompts.",
  "sources": "Imports modules (datetime, abc, typing), class attributes, class methods, static methods, and abstract methods that define the core behavior of tools and prompts.",
  "sinks": "Execution of abstract methods (execute_tool, execute_prompt), potential retrieval of tool/prompt classes, and registration methods. No direct untrusted data handling or external data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Registration methods add classes to internal dictionaries. Execution methods (execute_tool, execute_prompt) are meant to process arguments but their implementations are not provided. Static methods process time data internally without external influence.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code primarily consists of class definitions and registration mechanisms with no hidden behaviors. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured approach to managing tools and prompts, with safe registration and retrieval mechanisms. The get_formatted_time method securely generates time data, and all abstract methods enforce implementation in subclasses. No external network calls, data leaks, or malicious activities are detectable. The design relies on subclasses to implement specific behaviors; as provided, it is purely structural. No anomalies or malicious patterns are identified.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard, well-structured framework for managing tools and prompts. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. The lack of dynamic code execution, network activity, or secret handling indicates it is safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}