{
  "purpose": "This code defines a comprehensive implementation of Python enumerations, including meta-classes, helper functions, and enum member management. It aims to enable enum creation, iteration, and property access in both Python 2 and 3.",
  "sources": "Reads system version info from 'sys', imports 'collections.OrderedDict', accesses '__name__' from the caller's frame, and uses class attributes and methods to manage enum members.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks like network, file system, or sensitive data output are present. No untrusted data is processed or output. The code mainly manipulates internal data structures and class attributes.",
  "flows": "System info and modules are read at start; enum members are instantiated and stored in internal mappings; class methods access these mappings for member retrieval and iteration; no external data flow is observed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features beyond complex enum implementation. Use of frame inspection ('_sys._getframe') is typical for module introspection, not malicious. No code appears to perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or system manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The code provides an extensive enum implementation with features such as member registration, iteration, and custom creation via class methods. It employs metaclasses and dynamic class construction, but all operations are within standard class and data management. There are no signs of malicious behavior like network connections, file manipulation, or data theft. Use of frame inspection and dynamic attribute access are standard practices in such implementations. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code logic are detected. The code appears to be a legitimate, complex enum library designed for use in other modules.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a detailed implementation of Python enum functionality, with no indicators of malicious intent. It relies on standard Python features for enumeration management without any suspicious behavior or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}