{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python enumeration system with support for multiple Python versions, providing classes such as Enum, IntEnum, and a decorator for ensuring unique enum members.",
  "sources": "The code reads system information from 'sys', checks for the existence of built-in types and functions (any, basestring, unicode), inspects class dictionaries, and accesses module globals via 'sys.modules'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any explicit sinks that handle untrusted data, execute system commands, or perform network operations. It primarily manipulates class and object attributes, creates classes, and manages internal mappings.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted input. Data flows involve defining and managing enum members internally, with no external data manipulation or output directed at untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code includes compatibility checks for different Python versions and employs reflection-like techniques to create and manage classes and enums. No obfuscated code patterns or suspicious dynamic execution are detected. The _make_class_unpicklable function sabotages pickling for certain classes, which could be used to hide information or prevent serialization, but it appears as part of the enum safety mechanism.",
  "analysis": "The code is an implementation of an enum system supporting various Python versions, with functions and classes to manage enum members, prevent redefinition, and ensure certain behaviors like non-reorderability and unpicklability. There are no signs of malicious intent; all code constructs serve to provide robust enum functionality. The sabotage of pickling is a deliberate measure to prevent certain classes from being serialized, which is not inherently malicious but could be exploited in specific contexts. Overall, the code is complex but aligns with standard enum implementation patterns, with no indication of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive, version-compatible enum implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage intended to harm or exfiltrate data. It is well-structured for enum management, with a deliberate measure to disable pickling for some classes. No security risks or malware indicators are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}