{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions for handling Python type hints, generics, and annotations, including compatibility shims for different Python versions.",
  "sources": "The code reads type annotations, imported modules, sys.version_info for version checks, and attributes of various objects such as classes, functions, and types.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the get_type_hints function, which processes potentially untrusted type annotations, and the dynamic importing of typing_extensions, which could be exploited if controlled externally. No direct network, file, or data exfiltration code is present.",
  "flows": "Type hint inputs are fetched from objects via get_type_hints, get_origin, get_args, and related functions. These flows involve reading attributes and annotations from classes, functions, or modules, then processing them for type resolution. No malicious flow is apparent.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. The code uses dynamic imports and version-based conditionals, but these are standard for compatibility. The presence of _FakeType and the handling of missing typing features could be used to obfuscate intent but are common for compatibility layers.",
  "analysis": "The code is a compatibility and utility layer for Python's typing system, supporting different Python versions and extensions. It includes functions for resolving type hints, handling generics, and checking type properties. The imports are standard, and no code manipulates data in a malicious or suspicious manner. The dynamic imports and version checks are typical for such libraries. No network, file, or system modification actions are detected. The overall design appears legitimate and intended for type introspection.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for type hint handling with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It provides compatibility across Python versions and does not perform any actions that could compromise system security. The risk of malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}