{
  "purpose": "This code provides macro functions for Airflow tasks to generate lineage metadata, such as namespace, job name, run ID, and parent ID, for use in OpenLineage integrations.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'task_instance' object passed to functions, which contains attributes like 'dag_id', 'task_id', 'try_number', and 'execution_date'. These are standard Airflow objects and attributes.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs and returns strings and IDs based on task_instance attributes. It does not directly perform data leaks, network communication, or execute untrusted data. The functions only generate identifiers and do not execute external commands or write sensitive data.",
  "flows": "The functions retrieve data from 'task_instance' and process it with internal functions like 'get_job_name' and 'OpenLineageAdapter.build_task_instance_run_id'. The flow is straightforward: read task_instance data, process via internal functions, and return strings. No external data flows or untrusted data propagation is evident.",
  "anomalies": "There are no unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious logic. The code relies on standard Airflow attributes and internal library functions. No suspicious side effects or hidden behaviors are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several macro functions for Airflow tasks to generate OpenLineage metadata such as namespace, job name, run ID, and parent ID. It imports necessary modules and uses internal utilities for constructing IDs. Each function appears to be straightforward, using standard attributes and internal helpers, with no external input/output or complex processing. The functions are intended solely for metadata generation, and no malicious or risky operations are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility module for generating OpenLineage metadata in Airflow workflows. There are no signs of malicious behavior, suspicious data handling, or security risks. The code relies on standard attributes and internal functions, with no external data flows or side effects. Overall, it is safe and intended for lineage tracking purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}