{
  "purpose": "The code implements various cryptographic primitives and modes, including symmetric ciphers (AES, Blowfish, Camellia, IDEA, SEED, RC2), stream ciphers (RC4, Salsa20), block cipher modes (GCM, ChaCha20-Poly1305, OFB, CTR), and other cryptographic algorithms. Its purpose appears to be providing cryptographic functionalities for secure data processing.",
  "sources": "Input data to encryption/decryption functions, static cryptographic constants (e.g., keys, S-boxes, round constants), and parameters such as IVs and nonces.",
  "sinks": "Outputs of encryption/decryption functions, cryptographic tags (e.g., MACs), and transformed data streams.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input plaintext/ciphertext through cryptographic transformations (e.g., key expansion, cipher rounds) to produce encrypted/decrypted output; static constants are used in key schedules and S-boxes, but no external data leaks or network activity are present.",
  "anomalies": "Use of static cryptographic constants and keys, which could be misused if embedded maliciously; no network activity, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected; proprietary-looking algorithms are implemented but appear standard within cryptographic contexts.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a comprehensive set of cryptographic primitives with standard implementations and static parameters. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or sabotage are evident. The static constants and complex algorithms are typical for cryptography but could be misused if embedded maliciously. The code is well-structured, with no obfuscation or hidden payloads. The malware score is therefore very low, and the obfuscation score is zero. The security risk is minimal but slightly above zero due to static parameters, at approximately 0.2. The confidence in this assessment is high, given the standard nature of the implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate cryptographic library implementing standard algorithms and modes. There is no evidence of malicious activity, sabotage, or backdoors. The static constants are typical for cryptographic primitives and do not indicate malicious intent. The low malware and obfuscation scores are justified, and the overall security risk remains low. Proper deployment and validation are recommended to prevent misuse of static parameters.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}