{
  "purpose": "This code contains various mathematical and utility functions, such as factorial calculation, summation, maximum of two numbers, prime checking, reversing digits, and printing sequences.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters (n, a, b). Some functions print data directly to stdout (e.g., angoor, albaloo).",
  "sinks": "Print statements in angoor and albaloo could leak data if these functions are misused, but they are standard outputs. No other data sinks or network activities are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function inputs to internal calculations, with some functions printing outputs directly. No external data flows or network transmissions are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are detected. Functions perform standard calculations. The tameshk function's logic to select the maximum is straightforward. The aloo function has a redundant '+t' assignment (should be '+='), but this is a coding error, not malicious. The function khiar checks for primality via a naive loop. The function holoo computes GCD via decremental search, which is inefficient but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises multiple independent utility functions performing basic mathematical operations. No obfuscated code features are present; the code uses clear, straightforward logic. No signs of malicious behavior, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors, are detected. Some minor coding errors (e.g., '+t' instead of '+=' in aloo) are present but are not malicious. Functions like angoor and albaloo print data directly, which could be a privacy concern if misused, but are standard in simple scripts. Overall, the code appears benign and consistent with utility calculations.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a set of utility functions with no evidence of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It performs standard mathematical and printing operations. There are no signs of malware, data leakage, or security risks. The code appears safe for use in general contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}