{
  "purpose": "The code validates and parses email-related DNS records, including SPF, DMARC, MX, and other email security protocols for given domains.",
  "sources": "The code reads input domains from function arguments, DNS responses via the checkdmarc library functions, environment variables (indirectly via DNS queries), and potentially file operations in output functions.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs JSON or CSV results to files, and processes DNS responses and email security records without directly executing untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input domains are sanitized and used to query DNS records; responses are parsed and stored in dictionaries; results are converted into JSON or CSV formats; output functions write data to files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. No unusual dynamic execution, obfuscated code, or misleading variable names. The code mainly calls external DNS and email validation functions, with no indication of malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The script performs standard DNS and email security record checks by invoking external checkdmarc functions. It sanitizes domain input, manages DNS queries with specified timeouts, and formats results into JSON and CSV for reporting. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. It relies on well-structured, common Python libraries and external modules for DNS and email validation. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The output functions write to files safely with specified encoding. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, security-focused utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured email domain security assessment tool with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs DNS and email security record validation, processes data securely, and outputs structured reports. No malware indicators or malicious anomalies are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}