{
  "purpose": "A utility class for iterating over sequences with contextual information such as position, grouping, and neighboring elements, primarily used in templates.",
  "sources": "Input sequence provided to the looper class, sequence items accessed via index and attribute access in _compare_group.",
  "sinks": "Attribute access via getattr in _compare_group, which could invoke user-defined properties or methods if items are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Sequence items are iterated through by looper_iter, with properties like first, last, previous, and groupings computed via _compare_group, which uses getattr or direct item access.",
  "anomalies": "Use of sys.version checks for compatibility; use of getattr on sequence items in _compare_group, which could be exploited if items are malicious objects with overridden attribute access.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward sequence iteration helper designed for templating contexts, providing contextual properties for each item. It uses standard Python constructs, with version checks for compatibility. The only potential security concern arises from the use of getattr in _compare_group, which could invoke malicious attribute access if sequence items are crafted maliciously. No external data flows, network activity, or obfuscation are present. The code does not perform any malicious actions; it is a utility module. The use of 'getattr' is a common pattern but could be exploited if items are malicious objects with overridden attribute access. Overall, the code is benign, with a minor security consideration regarding dynamic attribute access.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign sequence iteration utility with contextual features, suitable for templating. No malicious behavior or obfuscation detected. The only minor concern is the use of 'getattr' on sequence items, which could be exploited if items are maliciously crafted objects. The assigned malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is 0.2, reflecting cautious awareness of potential misuse. Overall, the code is safe for use in typical environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}