{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes for loading, processing, and embedding text and images using a specific ONNX model for multimodal (text & image) embedding tasks, supporting model management, tokenization, and inference workflows.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration parameters, model descriptions, and input data for embedding (text and images). It also loads model files and manages environment variables for cache directory paths.",
  "sinks": "Outputs are embeddings generated from text or images, but no direct data leaks or external data transmissions are visible in this code.",
  "flows": "Model description and configuration data flow into class constructors; tokenized text flows into embedding functions; image and text inputs flow into preprocessing functions; processed data flow into ONNX model inference, then into post-processing to produce embeddings.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes large static numpy arrays used as placeholders (`EMPTY_TEXT_PLACEHOLDER`, `EVEN_ATTENTION_MASK`) which appear benign. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. No obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or suspicious network activity is evident. Use of environment variables for cache directory is standard. No suspicious dynamic code execution or external code fetching is present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation for a multimodal embedding model wrapper, with typical tokenization, input preprocessing, model inference, and postprocessing. The static placeholder tokens are well-documented and seem legitimate. No malicious or sabotage code such as data exfiltration, remote control, or cryptomining is present. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious network calls are detected. The code structure and logic follow normal practices for such models, with no signs of obfuscation or malware. The numpy arrays used as placeholders are benign static data, not indicative of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured implementation for managing and running a multimodal embedding model. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks in this code fragment. It appears to be safe and purposefully designed for embedding tasks, with no suspicious activities detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}