{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python class for interacting with Google Cloud VertexAI embedding models, enabling text and image embeddings with retry logic and batching.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include: 'texts' list for embedding; 'image_path' and 'uris' for images; environment variables for project, credentials, and API settings.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could be: embedding outputs (return values); potentially loaded image bytes; environment variables; network calls to Google Cloud services.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (texts, images, environment variables) to model requests, with embeddings returned and possibly stored or transmitted. Retry logic and batching influence flow control.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution. Warnings indicate deprecation, but no malicious backdoors or privacy violations are evident. No suspicious network connections or data exfiltration code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily interfaces with Google Cloud VertexAI services for embedding tasks, handling retries and batching for efficiency. It uses environment variables and credentials for authentication, with explicit error handling for common cloud errors. No code indicates data exfiltration, system damage, or hidden backdoors. The only deprecated method is for images, which is properly warned about. No suspicious network traffic or system access is present beyond standard API calls. The code appears well-structured and consistent with its intended functionality, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for Google VertexAI embeddings, with no malicious intent or sabotage detected. It performs expected operations for batching, retries, and embedding computations without any suspicious activities or malicious code segments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}