{
  "purpose": "The code performs image skew correction, OCR via Google Cloud Vision API, similarity calculations, and normalization processes, primarily aimed at extracting and processing textual and visual data from images.",
  "sources": "Reads image files from disk, accesses environment variables, and utilizes external APIs (Google Cloud Vision). It also reads input data from function parameters and environment checks.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include CSV files, printed descriptions, and processed image data. Data is also passed between functions and returned for further use.",
  "flows": "Image data is loaded, processed (rotation, thresholding, skew correction), passed to OCR API, and results are used for similarity and positional analysis, then exported or returned.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation with non-descriptive variable and function names, conditional permission checks via 'DevoteamLib', and complex control flows designed to conceal logic. No hardcoded secrets or explicit malicious network activity are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code executes standard image processing and OCR workflows with additional obfuscation and permission gating. No signs of malicious payloads, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The obfuscation and permission checks could be used to restrict or hide functionalities, but the core operations are legitimate. The high obfuscation score (~0.8) is justified, and malware likelihood is low (~0.1-0.2). The overall security risk remains moderate (~0.2-0.3) due to obfuscation and access control mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a sophisticated, obfuscated image analysis pipeline with permission controls. There is no direct evidence of malicious activity or malware. The high obfuscation warrants caution, but based on current analysis, the overall security risk is low. Continuous monitoring and review of permission logic are recommended.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}