{
  "purpose": "This code appears to scrape COVID-19 pandemic data from Wikipedia and process it into a structured format, possibly for analysis or reporting.",
  "sources": "The code reads HTML content from Wikipedia pages using the WaybackMachine, BeautifulSoup, and pandas' read_html functions. It takes URLs and processes HTML tables as input.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed within pandas DataFrames; no direct sinks such as network transmissions, file writes, or system modifications are evident in this fragment.",
  "flows": "The code flows from fetching archived Wikipedia pages, parsing HTML tables into DataFrames, transforming date and numerical data, then merging datasets. No untrusted data appears to be transmitted externally.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated variable names, but no hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns such as code injection, backdoors, or network connections. The use of try-except blocks around data fetching without logging or error handling could be considered a minor concern but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code fetches data from the WaybackMachine for specific Wikipedia pages related to COVID-19 in Poland, then parses tables with BeautifulSoup and pandas. It processes date strings and numerical data with regex and date conversions. It provides functions to select different data levels. No external network connections, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications are present. The obfuscated variable names may hinder readability but do not imply malicious intent. The code's structure and functions are consistent with data collection and processing for epidemiological analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate data scraping and processing tasks with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. Its obfuscated variable names reduce clarity but do not suggest malicious intent. No malware, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are detected. It appears to be a benign data collection script with minimal security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}