{
  "purpose": "The code fetches COVID-19 data from Wikipedia's COVID-19 pandemic in Poland page using Wayback Machine snapshots, parses HTML tables, processes and standardizes the data, and prepares it for analysis or further use.",
  "sources": "The code reads HTML content from URLs via the Wayback Machine, BeautifulSoup parses webpage content, and pandas reads and processes HTML tables. Input data is sourced from web pages retrieved from the archive.",
  "sinks": "Data processing outputs pandas DataFrames; no direct sink for untrusted input data leading to system effects. There are no file writes, network transmissions, or system commands that could leak or manipulate data maliciously.",
  "flows": "Web content is fetched from Wayback Machine archives, parsed with BeautifulSoup, then converted into pandas DataFrames, processed (date parsing, integer conversion), and merged. No external or untrusted inputs are fed into system commands or network activities beyond data fetching.",
  "anomalies": "Code has extremely obfuscated variable names, no comments, and generic exception handling that suppresses errors without logging. There is no evident malicious behavior but the code structure is convoluted and difficult to audit thoroughly.",
  "analysis": "The code loads web pages from the Wayback Machine, extracts tables with BeautifulSoup, processes date strings with regex and date parsing, and converts numeric strings to integers. It merges and melts DataFrames to structure COVID-19 data. There are no signs of code injection, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The exception handling suppresses errors silently, which is a potential concern for robustness but not malicious intent. Variable naming and lack of comments impede understanding but do not suggest malicious behavior. The code does not perform network connections outside data fetching, nor does it manipulate system files or execute external commands.",
  "conclusion": "This code is designed for historical web data extraction and processing. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided implementation. The obfuscated style and silent error handling are notable but not indicative of malicious intent. Overall, it appears to be a complex but benign data processing script.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}