{
  "purpose": "Tools for generating and embedding QR codes, including rendering as images or inline SVG, with options for customization.",
  "sources": "Input data is received via function parameters (data, qr_code_args, etc.), and also from encoding options and configuration parameters.",
  "sinks": "Generated QR code data URIs, inline SVGs, and HTML tags that embed QR code images, which can be used to display or transmit QR codes.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through make_qr, make_qr_code_image, and make_embedded_qr_code to produce image or SVG data. These outputs are embedded in HTML tags or returned as strings. Data may also flow through base64 encoding in data URI generation.",
  "anomalies": "The code decodes byte data to generate alt text, with multiple encoding options, which is standard. No suspicious hardcoded secrets or backdoors are apparent. The code appears standard for QR code generation. Use of data URI embedding for SVG and image tags is normal. No unusual or obfuscated language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard modules, relies on the 'segno' library for QR code generation, and employs Pydantic for data validation. It creates QR codes in various formats (bytes, embedded HTML, URLs). The functions carefully handle input data, including byte data and string data, with appropriate encoding considerations for alt text. Configuration options are managed via arguments and the QRCodeOptions class. No external data is fetched or transmitted over the network, and no code injection, data leakage, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The code does not include hardcoded credentials or external system access that could suggest malicious intent. The only potential concern is handling of data for alt text, which is decoded safely with multiple encodings, and all output is properly escaped or marked safe for HTML embedding. The code structure and logic are typical for a QR code generation utility, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard QR code generation utility module with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It securely handles input data, produces embeddable images and SVGs, and manages options effectively. There are no backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious code present.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}