{
  "purpose": "Tools for generating and embedding QR codes in web pages, including options for images and URL-based QR code generation.",
  "sources": "Data inputs from function parameters such as `data`, `qr_code_options`, `qr_code_args`, and environment variables used within the imported libraries.",
  "sinks": "QR code image data (base64, inline SVG), URL generation functions, and HTML string outputs that embed QR codes.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into QR code creation functions, which generate images or SVGs, and then these are embedded into HTML or returned as URLs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures observed. The code uses standard libraries, and input validation via Pydantic helps prevent common injection vulnerabilities. The base64 encoding and data URI embedding are standard practices and do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides functions to generate QR codes from input data, convert them into images or SVGs, and embed them into HTML for web usage. It relies on the external 'segno' library for QR code generation and uses standard security practices such as escaping HTML attributes. Input data is converted to strings where necessary, and encoding issues are handled with fallback options. The use of `validate_call` from Pydantic adds input validation to prevent malicious input types. There are no signs of malicious behaviors such as network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection. The functions are designed to generate visual QR codes, with options to customize the output. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors are evident. The functions handle data encoding safely and generate data URIs or inline SVGs properly.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured QR code generation module with appropriate validation and safe data handling. There are no indicators of malicious intent or security risks. The overall security risk is minimal, and the code can be considered safe based on this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}