{
  "purpose": "Defines types and functions for handling ISO3166 alpha-2 country codes, including validation, normalization, and parsing at runtime.",
  "sources": "The code reads input in the parse method via parse_str(instance) and the normalize_alpha2_country_code function, which processes external input data. The type guard is_alpha2_country_code checks against a predefined set.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows include the parse method, which can accept arbitrary objects, and normalize_alpha2_country_code, which raises exceptions on invalid input. The code also casts data types based on validation.",
  "flows": "Input data (possibly untrusted) enters via parse_str or external sources passed to parse and normalize functions, then validated against the ALPHA2 set, which acts as a sink by raising exceptions or returning normalized codes.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or misleading variable names. The code uses type casts and validation functions but does not perform unsafe operations like executing code, network access, or file manipulation. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a set of valid country codes and provides functions for parsing and normalizing country code strings, with validation against a predefined literal set. The parse method uses parse_str to accept arbitrary input objects and normalize them, raising an exception if invalid. The normalization function enforces uppercase formatting and validation. There is a potential risk if parse_str or normalize_alpha2_country_code receive maliciously crafted objects or data, but no dangerous system operations or malicious behaviors are evident. The use of Phantom and runtime checks appears standard and safe. Overall, the code performs data validation and normalization without any suspicious operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is well-structured for handling country codes with validation and normalization. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The only notable aspect is input validation, which is appropriate for the context. No immediate security concerns are identified based on this code alone.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}