{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for managing AWS Elastic Beanstalk and CloudWatch logs, including retrieval, streaming, zipping, and configuration updates. It interacts with AWS SDKs, fetches logs from URLs, writes logs to files, creates symlinks, and handles log zipping and streaming threads.",
  "sources": "Reads environment info via AWS SDK, fetches logs from URLs, retrieves configuration settings, and interacts with CloudWatch log streams.",
  "sinks": "Writes logs to files, outputs logs to terminal, creates symlinks, and zips logs. No data exfiltration or malicious network activity detected.",
  "flows": "Fetch environment info -> retrieve logs or configuration -> write logs to files or terminal -> create symlinks or zip logs -> stream logs via threading.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. Filesystem operations like symlinks are standard in log management but could be misused if logs are malicious, though this is typical.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard AWS Elastic Beanstalk and CloudWatch log management functions. It uses AWS SDKs and URL fetches, handles logs securely, creates symlinks, zips logs, and streams logs with threading. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The threading for streaming logs is standard. No obfuscation or secrets are present. The filesystem operations are typical for log tools. The overall logic is consistent and aligns with legitimate AWS utility functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard utility for AWS Elastic Beanstalk and CloudWatch log management. No malicious activity, backdoors, or sabotage detected. The malware score is 0, obfuscated is 0, and the security risk score of 0.2 is appropriate given the filesystem operations but does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the supply chain security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}