{
  "purpose": "Wraps OpenAI API call functions to log prompts and responses using a custom logger, primarily for monitoring or debugging.",
  "sources": "Reads data from the 'messages' argument in wrapped functions, specifically extracting 'content' from messages with roles 'user' and 'system'.",
  "sinks": "Logs prompt and response data into a logger object; logs are stored in memory or persistent storage depending on logger implementation.",
  "flows": "Extracts prompt content from 'messages' argument (source), then logs this data along with the LLM response (sink), during the execution of openai.Completion.create and openai.ChatCompletion.create.",
  "anomalies": "The code captures potentially sensitive prompt and response data, including user prompts and system prompts, and logs them without any anonymization or encryption. No validation or filtering of logged data is present.",
  "analysis": "The code introduces a wrapper function that intercepts calls to OpenAI API methods to log prompts and responses. It modifies the original functions temporarily, storing original references and restoring them afterward, which is standard practice. It accesses message contents from arguments, which may contain sensitive data, and logs these details. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The logger captures detailed prompt-response exchanges, potentially exposing sensitive user data if logs are improperly secured. No malicious network activity or system modifications are evident. The code appears to serve monitoring purposes without malicious intent. No obfuscation, malicious payloads, or suspicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is designed to log prompt and response data from OpenAI API calls for debugging or monitoring. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security exploits. Its main risk is logging sensitive data without encryption or masking, which could lead to data leaks if logs are accessed improperly. Overall, it appears to be legitimate logging code without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}