{
  "purpose": "The code defines asynchronous wrapper functions around an imported core function, handling data processing and serialization with heavily obfuscated module and variable names. It appears to facilitate data transmission or transformation, possibly in an API or data pipeline context.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to the wrapper functions, including strings, callables, and default objects; external imported modules and functions.",
  "sinks": "The core imported function `uBLOtsXVkmUSjvaeKvwjZKnEWLcdRsTp`, which may perform network operations, data exfiltration, or other actions depending on its implementation; serialization functions that output data as JSON strings.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are passed into wrapper functions, which invoke the imported function with these parameters, potentially leading to data transmission or processing; output may be serialized and returned as JSON strings.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation of module and variable names; reliance on external, opaque functions; default parameters set to sentinel objects or functions; indirect data flow with flexible callables that could be manipulated.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated, making direct understanding difficult. It wraps an imported function with async functions that pass parameters and process results. No explicit malicious actions such as network connections or destructive operations are visible. The high obfuscation score (0.8) is justified. The malware likelihood is moderate (around 0.2-0.3), considering the potential to conceal malicious behavior but no concrete evidence. The security risk score (~0.4) reflects the possibility of misuse due to obfuscation and flexible callables. The code's structure suggests potential for concealment, but without evidence of malicious activity, suspicion remains moderate. Further dynamic analysis of the imported function and runtime behavior is recommended.",
  "conclusion": "The code is heavily obfuscated wrapper functions around an external core function, with no explicit malicious activity evident. The high obfuscation warrants caution, but current evidence does not confirm malicious intent. Scores are set to reflect suspicion due to obfuscation and indirect data flow, with malware likelihood at approximately 0.3, obfuscation at 0.8, and overall security risk at 0.4. Further runtime and static analysis is advised before deployment in security-sensitive contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}