{
  "purpose": "This module provides various functions for generating random values, extending Python's standard random module with additional utilities and custom features.",
  "sources": "Input sources include system time (_time.time_ns(), _time.process_time_ns()), environment states (_sys.getrefcount()), and entropy for seeding.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the seed function, which initializes the generator's internal state, and the random functions used for generating values, but there are no external data leaks or system effects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from sources like system time and entropy into the seed function to initialize or reseed the generator; then, the generator produces random outputs. No external data is transmitted outside of seed initialization.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code behaviors such as network connections, data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection are present. Use of standard library functions and randomness utilities appears benign. The function 'seed_from_entropy()' mixes system values for seeding, which is standard practice. The 'prime_below()' function generates prime numbers locally without external influence. No obfuscation, hidden behaviors, or malicious payloads are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a set of random value generators and utilities based on Python's random module, with optional custom seeding and auxiliary functions like prime number generation. All functions operate locally, utilizing standard system information and internal randomness sources. There are no external network calls, no data exfiltration, and no execution of untrusted code or dynamic code execution. The randomness functions appear to be designed for general use, with proper handling of seed initialization and state management. The code structure and variable naming are clear, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious obfuscation techniques.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign extension of Python's random module, intended for diverse random data generation. There are no indications of malicious intent, data leaks, or security risks. It functions solely as a local utility module without external side effects or harmful behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}