{
  "purpose": "This module provides extended random number generation functions for Python, building upon the standard random module.",
  "sources": "Reads include system time (time_ns), system process info (_sys.getrefcount), and the seed value. The seed_from_entropy function gathers entropy from time and process info.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks are present; the functions generate random data or seed the generator. No data is sent over the network or written to files.",
  "flows": "Source of entropy flows into the seed and seed_from_entropy functions, influencing the internal state of the generator. Random data generated is purely internal, with no external data influence beyond initial seeding.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors, such as obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or malicious logic. The seed_from_entropy function combines system time and process info for entropy but does not expose or send data externally. The code appears standard and consistent with typical random utility implementations.",
  "analysis": "The code extends Python's standard random module with additional utility functions for random data generation, seeding, and randomness control. Functions utilize system time and process info for entropy seeding, which is a typical approach. No external communication, data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code structure is straightforward, with no obfuscation or hidden code. It performs expected random data operations, including byte generation, dice rolls, coin flips, and prime number selection, all using internal random generator state. No hardcoded secrets, network calls, or suspicious file manipulations are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard extension of the Python random module with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It performs common random operations safely and predictably. There is no evidence of malware or security threats in this code.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}