{
  "purpose": "Load a JSON template file based on an event_type string, merge optional additional data into it, and return the result.",
  "sources": "The function reads a JSON file determined by the event_type parameter, specifically from a path constructed by replacing ':' with '/' and appending '-template.json'. It also reads from the filesystem based on the script's directory.",
  "sinks": "The code reads files from the filesystem; no external sinks or data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "The event_type influences filename generation; the file is opened and loaded; the loaded JSON is merged with the optional body data; the merged JSON is returned.",
  "anomalies": "Variable names are obfuscated, but this does not imply malicious intent. No sanitization or validation of event_type is performed, which could lead to path traversal if event_type is untrusted.",
  "analysis": "The code loads a JSON template file based on the event_type, replacing colons with slashes and appending '-template.json'. It then opens and loads this JSON, merging in any additional data provided via the body parameter using an additive strategy. No code execution, network activity, or data exfiltration occurs. The main security concern is that untrusted event_type could lead to path traversal due to lack of sanitization. All reports correctly identify this potential risk but find no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The malware score is appropriately zero, as no malicious actions are present. The obfuscation score is moderate due to variable naming but not malicious. The security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), reflecting the potential for path traversal if inputs are untrusted. Overall, the code functions as a JSON loader with a minor security concern, but no malicious intent or malware is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward JSON template loader with an obfuscation aspect and a minor security concern regarding unvalidated input leading to potential path traversal. There is no malware or malicious behavior present. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate; I recommend implementing input validation to mitigate the path traversal risk but otherwise consider the code safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}