{
  "purpose": "This code loads a JSON template file based on an event type, merges it with a provided body dictionary, and returns the combined data.",
  "sources": "The code reads a JSON template file from the filesystem based on the event type; no other data sources are used.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to an in-memory dictionary, but does not directly write or output untrusted data elsewhere. No network or file output is performed.",
  "flows": "The event_type input influences the filename path, which is read as JSON and merged with optional body data. The flow is from event_type to filename path, then to JSON load, then to merge and return.",
  "anomalies": "The filename is dynamically constructed from event_type with a replace operation, which could potentially lead to path traversal if event_type is not sanitized. However, no explicit validation or sanitization is shown.",
  "analysis": "The script defines two functions: one to generate a file path from event_type, replacing ':' with '/' and appending '-template.json'; another to load and merge this JSON template with an optional body. The code uses safe file handling and the json module, and the merge operation appears standard. There are no hardcoded credentials or sensitive data. The dynamic filename generation could pose a security risk if event_type is controlled maliciously, possibly leading to path traversal. However, the code does not perform network operations, system commands, or data exfiltration. Overall, the code appears to be a straightforward template loading and merging utility with a potential minor risk of path traversal if event_type is untrusted.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a utility for loading and merging JSON templates based on event types. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, but there is a slight concern regarding filename construction from untrusted input which could be exploited for path traversal. No malware or malicious intent is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}