{
  "purpose": "The code is a wrapper around Microsoft App Center's version and upload APIs, facilitating operations such as retrieving release information, uploading binaries, and managing releases.",
  "sources": "Reads include environment variables (e.g., for tokens), filesystem (binary file sizes and paths), and API responses (HTTP GET/POST requests). No direct untrusted input sources are evident within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are HTTP requests (http_get, http_post, http_post_raw_data, http_patch), filesystem operations (os.path.getsize, open), and deserialization of responses. These are standard and used for normal API interactions and file handling.",
  "flows": "Data flows from API responses or filesystem input into deserialization or into functions that perform HTTP requests. No unusual source-to-sink flows are observed that could lead to injection or data leakage beyond typical API data handling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found; tokens are passed as parameters. The code does not contain obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or misleading variable names. The error handling includes retries with sleep, which is normal. No suspicious or malicious patterns such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or malware signatures are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides a structured API client for App Center, handling release uploads, metadata setting, release management, and polling for upload status. It uses standard Python libraries and practices for HTTP requests, file handling, and retries. No signs of malicious behavior like data exfiltration, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The functions operate in expected ways for a CI/CD or deployment tool. The only point of concern could be the handling of tokens and environment variables, but tokens are passed explicitly, and no sensitive info is hardcoded. The code is straightforward and adheres to standard API client design, with no malicious intent detectable.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate API wrapper for App Center, with no malicious or sabotage behavior detected. It functions as expected for deployment workflows, with no signs of malware, malicious data flows, or security vulnerabilities beyond typical API interaction patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}