{
  "purpose": "The code implements a decorator 'typechecked' that instruments functions and classes for runtime type checking via AST manipulation, source code inspection, and dynamic code compilation. It retrieves source code using 'inspect.getsource', parses it into AST, applies transformations with 'TypeguardTransformer', recompiles, and creates new functions, replacing or wrapping original ones.",
  "sources": "Source code via 'inspect.getsource', function attributes like '__code__', '__module__', '__qualname__', and closures.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'compile()' and 'exec()' to produce new code objects, and creates new functions via 'FunctionType'.",
  "flows": "Source code retrieval -> AST parsing -> AST transformation -> compilation -> function creation.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious payloads, backdoors, or suspicious patterns detected. Reliance on source code and dynamic compilation could be risky if sources are malicious, but sources are from trusted modules. Debug printing of source code via 'ast.unparse' could leak source if debug is enabled.",
  "analysis": "The code performs AST-based instrumentation for runtime type checking, involving source code retrieval ('inspect.getsource'), AST parsing and transformation, recompilation, and function creation. It does not contain malicious payloads or obfuscation. The use of 'compile' and 'exec' is standard for such tools but carries inherent risks if source code is compromised. All reports correctly identify the purpose and risks, assigning a malware score of 0, obfuscated score of 0, and a low security risk score (~0.2). The scores are consistent with the code's behavior and purpose, which is legitimate. No signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration are present. The dynamic code execution is controlled and used for legitimate instrumentation, with safeguards like debug flags. Overall, the code is a safe, well-structured utility with minimal risk, and the scores reflect this.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate runtime type checking utility employing AST manipulation and dynamic compilation. No malicious or obfuscated behavior is evident. The low risk score appropriately accounts for the inherent risks of dynamic code execution, assuming source integrity. The assigned scores are justified and consistent with the detailed analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}