{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom exception classes with support for internationalized messages, intended for use within the Cursive application to handle errors with formatted messages.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via the 'kwargs' parameter in the constructor, which supplies data for message formatting.",
  "sinks": "The formatted message is stored in the exception object; no external sinks or data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "Input data in 'kwargs' flows into 'self.message' through string interpolation in '__init__', then is used when the exception is raised or logged.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or malicious constructs are present. The use of string formatting with 'kwargs' is standard, with exception handling to prevent formatting errors.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard custom exception classes with internationalization support. It uses message templates ('msg_fmt') formatted with provided keyword arguments, with error handling to fallback if formatting fails. No external data sources, network activity, or system modifications are involved. The message formatting is internal and controlled, with no hardcoded secrets or suspicious patterns. The exception classes are benign, with no evidence of malicious intent, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The scores assigned in the reports (malware score 0, obfuscated score 0, risk score 0) are justified and consistent with the code's benign nature. The only minor consideration is that if 'kwargs' contained untrusted data, it could potentially lead to formatting issues or information leaks, but given the context of exception handling, this is unlikely to be a security concern. Overall, the code is a straightforward, safe implementation of custom exceptions with internationalization, and the reports' conclusions are accurate.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard implementation of custom exception classes with internationalization support. No malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security risks are present. The assigned scores are appropriate and justified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}