{
  "purpose": "Encapsulates atmospheric parameters for optical turbulence modeling, including validation, derived calculations, and wind vector components.",
  "sources": "Input configuration dictionary, array parameters (altitude, wind direction, wind speed, fractional R0), and property setters.",
  "sinks": "No external data sinks, network activity, or data exfiltration; data flows from config to properties with validation.",
  "flows": "Configuration data → property setters (validation) → derived properties (airmass, wind components, r0) → string representation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, obfuscation, or malicious patterns; standard scientific computation and validation only.",
  "analysis": "The code performs thorough validation of input parameters, ensuring correct types and ranges. It calculates derived atmospheric parameters such as airmass, wind components, and Fried parameter based on validated inputs. The class includes detailed string representation with wind vectors and layer info. No external I/O, network activity, or obfuscation is present. The code is straightforward, well-structured, and uses standard libraries. No signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage are detected. The validation ensures array lengths match nLayer, and parameters like L0, r0, wavelength are positive. The fractional R0 sums to 1 within tolerance, indicating proper turbulence strength distribution. Overall, the code appears benign, with no malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-validated atmospheric parameters class designed for scientific modeling. It contains no malicious or suspicious features, no obfuscation, and poses negligible security risk. The high confidence in this assessment is justified by the straightforward implementation and thorough validation. The scores should be: malware = 0, obfuscated = 0, security risk = 0.05, reflecting its benign and scientific nature.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.05,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}