{
  "purpose": "Manage notification actions such as setting last read, marking read/unread, and marking all notifications as read by constructing request dictionaries and appending them to a processing list.",
  "sources": "Input parameter 'id' and UUID retrieved via self.api.bTeEjsIsLfcNBPYxZPQMQVxxrvchlOnh()",
  "sinks": "Appends constructed request dictionaries to self.iebKcpAVDeeXrfoeeojXVtRBcGSPNfJe for further processing or transmission",
  "flows": "Input 'id' and UUID from method call into request dictionaries, which are then appended to the list",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation of class and method names; dynamic UUID retrieval; no input validation visible; no malicious activity evident",
  "analysis": "The code constructs notification-related request dictionaries with specific 'type' fields and UUIDs, appending them to a list. The obfuscated naming suggests an attempt to conceal purpose, but no network, file, or system modification activity is present. The pattern indicates a batching or queuing system for notification actions. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are observed. The dynamic UUID retrieval could be legitimate or obfuscated but does not inherently indicate malicious intent. The code's structure and behavior are consistent across multiple reports, with high obfuscation scores but negligible malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate notification management component with heavy obfuscation. There is no evidence of malicious activity or sabotage. The obfuscation warrants cautious scoring but does not elevate the threat level. The overall security risk remains low, and the malware score should be set to 0. The obfuscation score is high due to naming, and the risk score is moderate but justified. Continuous monitoring is recommended, but based on this snippet, the code is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}