{
  "purpose": "Define various Django forms for testing and data collection, including file uploads and form validation.",
  "sources": "User input from form fields such as 'sender' (email), 'subject', 'message', 'url', 'file' uploads, and form validation methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include form validation errors, file uploads, and data processing within the Django framework. No direct data leakage or malicious data handling is evident.",
  "flows": "Input data from form fields flow through validation methods and form processing. Validation errors are intentionally raised for testing purposes. File uploads are stored temporarily during processing.",
  "anomalies": "Repeated raising of ValidationError in 'clean' methods is unusual but appears to be for testing the display of errors, not malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are present. No obfuscated or malicious code structures detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple Django form classes designed for testing and data collection purposes. The 'clean' methods deliberately raise validation errors to demonstrate error styling; this is benign. The form fields include standard inputs like emails, URLs, text, passwords, and files, with no processing of untrusted data into dangerous sinks. File fields are standard and do not process data maliciously. No use of eval, exec, dynamic code, or insecure data handling is present. The code does not contain any backdoors, network calls, or data exfiltration attempts. Overall, the code is a typical Django form setup with no suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is standard Django form code primarily intended for testing and data collection. It contains deliberate validation errors for UI testing but no malicious or maliciously obfuscated code. There are no indicators of supply chain attacks, malware, or security vulnerabilities. The code appears safe with a low malware and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}