{
  "purpose": "The code constructs a user interface layout for a web application related to open air bearing simulation and results visualization, using Dash components.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from user interface elements such as dropdowns, checklists, and numeric inputs (e.g., default_bearing parameters, user inputs via dcc.Input), and potentially the default_bearing object and results data passed into functions.",
  "sinks": "The code renders plots and UI components; it does not write to files, perform network requests, or execute external commands. The only output actions are graphical rendering and UI updates.",
  "flows": "User inputs (e.g., numeric inputs, dropdowns) are read via Dash components and passed to functions to generate layout. These inputs are used to create plots, but no direct data processing or untrusted data flow is visible in this code snippet.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behavior are observed. The code is a straightforward UI layout construction with no embedded malicious code. There is no code that executes system commands, reads sensitive environment variables, or performs network operations.",
  "analysis": "The code exclusively constructs a user interface layout for a Dash web application, organizing input controls and plotting areas. It uses static styling, standard Dash components, and plotting functions imported from openairbearing.plots. There are no indications of data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or code injection. The only potential concern could be if the imported plotting functions or objects (like default_bearing) were malicious, but those are external dependencies and not part of this code snippet. Overall, the code appears to be purely for UI rendering without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard layout creation for a Dash app focused on bearing analysis. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided content. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}