{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions and classes for parsing, formatting, reading, and writing TSV (Tab-Separated Values) data, supporting features like escape sequence handling, namedtuple output, and dictionary output.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from strings or file-like objects, particularly in functions like 'un', 'parse_lines', and class 'reader'. It also reads data from file objects in the 'reader' class and 'csv.DictReader'.",
  "sinks": "The code writes output data to file-like objects via functions like 'to' and classes 'writer' and 'DictWriter'. It outputs formatted TSV lines, handling escape characters appropriately.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (strings or file objects) through parsing functions ('parse_line', 'parse_lines') into structured data (lists, dicts, namedtuples), which are then formatted ('format_fields', 'format_field') and written to output sinks (files or strings). Escape sequences are handled during parsing and formatting, but no external or network communication occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation techniques are present. The escape sequence handling is standard and correctly implemented. No external system calls or network activity are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of TSV parsing and formatting, with functions to parse lines and fields, handle escape characters, and support different output formats (lists, namedtuples, dicts). It includes classes for reading and writing TSV data from file-like objects, with proper error handling for line consistency. No malicious patterns, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are evident. The escape sequence processing is correct and typical. The code operates solely on provided data, with no external communication or secrets involved. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to handling untrusted input, but this is inherent to data parsers and not indicative of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured TSV utility with no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or significant security risks. The low security risk score (around 0.1 to 0.2) assigned in the reports is appropriate, considering the minimal potential for misuse. The malware and obfuscation scores are correctly set to zero. Overall, the code is safe for use in supply chain contexts, with no security concerns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}