{
  "purpose": "The script uploads a pandas DataFrame to a Google Spreadsheet, managing sheet resizing, clearing, and data insertion.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as df, gfile, wks_name, credentials; data retrieved via get_credentials, get_file_id, get_worksheet; gspread API calls for sheet access and modification.",
  "sinks": "Gspread API methods for resizing sheets, clearing, and updating cells; potential data exfiltration if credentials or data are compromised.",
  "flows": "Credentials are obtained via get_credentials; Google Sheet is accessed with gspread; DataFrame is converted and written to the sheet; data flows from input DataFrame to Google Sheet cells.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code. The code uses try-except for input compatibility. No unusual or suspicious logic patterns. Functions are straightforward, with standard API calls.",
  "analysis": "The code manages uploading pandas DataFrame data to Google Sheets via gspread, with support for resizing, clearing, and populating cells. It imports necessary modules, defines utility functions, and performs sheet manipulations based on parameters. No malicious code such as network communication to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or backdoors detected. The only potential concern could be if 'get_credentials' or 'get_file_id' functions are malicious or compromised, but their implementation is external. The script appears to be a standard utility for DataFrame upload operations with no malicious intent or malicious side effects identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a DataFrame upload utility to Google Sheets, with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or malicious payloads. It operates within expected bounds for such an application. External functions could be inspected further for security, but based solely on this code, no malicious activity is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}