{
  "purpose": "The code provides compatibility utilities for Python 2 and 3, including version checks for the SMC API and system, along with functions to compare versions and support feature checks based on SMC versioning.",
  "sources": "The code reads system information via sys.version_info, imports from smc, re, and optionally packaging.version or distutils.version. It also reads smc.session.api_version and smc.administration.system.System().smc_version.",
  "sinks": "There are no direct sinks for untrusted data or user input. The code primarily performs internal version comparisons and raises exceptions for unsupported features.",
  "flows": "The flow involves checking system and API versions against provided versions, raising exceptions if features are unsupported based on version comparisons.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or unusual code patterns are present. The code structure is standard for compatibility and version checking.",
  "analysis": "The code carefully manages compatibility between Python versions and performs version comparison checks for the SMC system and API. It uses version parsing libraries to ensure correct comparisons. Exception handling is present for missing modules and unsupported features. The functions rely on internal system calls and version data, with no user-controlled input affecting security-sensitive operations. The code does not contain any malicious or suspicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. It is well-structured and appears to be utility code intended for version management and feature support validation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard compatibility and version checking utility with no indications of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It does not perform any network operations, data exfiltration, or system modification. The code is benign and primarily used for internal compatibility checks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}