{
  "purpose": "Manages exclusions for scanning authorizations by filtering actions, policies, principals, and other entities based on configured exclusion rules.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the exclusions configuration dictionary passed during initialization, which can contain lists of roles, users, groups, policies, include-actions, and exclude-actions.",
  "sinks": "Functions that evaluate whether a given action, policy, or principal is excluded, returning boolean decisions; no external or system command execution is observed.",
  "flows": "The code flows from reading configuration data in the constructor, normalizing and storing it, then evaluating individual names/actions against exclusion lists via dedicated methods and the is_name_excluded utility function.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or suspicious external calls are present. The code only performs string comparisons and normalization. No dynamic execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious I/O operations are evident. The only potential concern is the permissive nature of string matching with wildcards, but this is standard for exclusion rules.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles configuration data, normalizing and storing exclusion lists. It provides functions to check if specific actions, policies, or principals are excluded based on exact matches or prefix/suffix wildcards. The use of string methods and simple checks pose no immediate security risk. No external network calls, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are detected. The functions are straightforward and do not process untrusted input outside the provided configuration. The code does not perform any file operations, system calls, or command execution that could be exploited maliciously.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign configuration management utility for exclusion rules. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. Its design is to facilitate filtering based on user-supplied configurations. No security risks or malicious intents are evident. The code is well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation or hidden malicious functionality.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}