{
  "purpose": "The code appears to perform numerical calculations such as fraction computation, relative change, and distribution ratios, likely for data analysis or mathematical purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are parameters passed to functions (numerator, denominator, x1, x2, xlist). There are no explicit external data reads or user input prompts.",
  "sinks": "No sinks that process untrusted data into system effects or external systems. The only potential side-effect is the 'logger.exception' call, which logs exceptions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are processed within functions; potential flow from 'numerator' and 'denominator' to 'fraction' output, and similarly for 'x1', 'x2' in 'relative_change'. No external data or system commands are invoked.",
  "anomalies": "The 'rate' function is empty, indicating incomplete code but no malicious intent. Use of 'np.nan' comparisons with '!=' is technically flawed but not malicious. 'print' statement in 'dist_ratio' could be unintended debugging code; no evidence of malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs numerical calculations with proper exception handling and logging. The use of 'logger.exception' ensures errors are logged but not suppressed. No external network calls, system modifications, or suspicious data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The empty 'rate' function suggests incomplete implementation but not malicious. The use of 'print' in 'dist_ratio' might be a debug statement but is not malicious. Overall, the code is benign and focused on data processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of numerical computation functions with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not perform any harmful actions, external data exfiltration, or system interference. The only minor concern is the 'print' statement for debugging, which is not malicious but could be removed in production. The incomplete 'rate' function indicates unfinished work but no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}