{
  "purpose": "This code contains a suite of asynchronous integration tests for a client API interacting with various authentication and user management endpoints, such as crypto wallets, magic links, OAuth, OTP, passwords, sessions, TOTP, users, and WebAuthn.",
  "sources": "Data sources include imported constants for test data, environment variables, and API responses. No direct input streams or untrusted sources are evident in the code.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include API calls with test tokens, user IDs, passwords, and session tokens. These are used solely for testing purposes; no data is written to files or external systems in an insecure manner.",
  "flows": "Test data flows from hardcoded constants into API method calls. Successful responses are checked for success status. There are no flows involving untrusted user input or external data manipulation beyond predefined test data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are present. No hardcoded secrets other than test constants, and no code appears obfuscated. No backdoors, credential leaks, or malicious code are detected. Skip conditions and test placeholders are standard for test environments.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs well-structured asynchronous API testing with predefined test data. It uses test skips and placeholders to avoid unsupported scenarios. No malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors, is apparent. The constants and API calls are standard for test suites. No indication of supply chain sabotage or malicious code injection exists. The code maintains good separation between test logic and test data, with no evident insecure practices.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical, well-structured test suite for API endpoints, with no signs of malicious intent or supply chain attacks. All data handling appears confined to testing purposes, with no harmful or suspicious behaviors. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}