{
  "purpose": "This code defines a series of asynchronous unit tests for a Python SDK interacting with an authentication and user management API, covering features like wallet authentication, magic links, OAuth, OTP, passwords, sessions, TOTP, users, and WebAuthn.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data primarily from imported constants (e.g., test tokens, emails, phone numbers, user IDs, passwords) and test responses from API calls. No untrusted external input sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "API calls sending data over the network (e.g., authenticate, create, send, reset), which could potentially leak data if data were maliciously crafted. No direct writing to files, system commands, or environment variables is observed.",
  "flows": "Sources include constants and test data; flows lead into API request methods that transmit data over the network. No suspicious flows from untrusted input to sinks are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains numerous skip tests and placeholders indicating untestable sections (e.g., WebAuthn, reset tokens, session tokens). There are no hardcoded secrets or credentials. Some functions are skipped deliberately; no obfuscated or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured as a comprehensive set of asynchronous unit tests for various API functionalities. It uses constants for test data, calls API endpoints, and checks responses. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors are observed. The test suite appears to be designed solely for validation purposes. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or insecure practices (e.g., handling secrets insecurely) are evident. The skipped tests indicate areas where manual setup or additional data would be necessary to fully test, but this does not suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate test suite for an authentication SDK with no signs of malware or malicious activity. It performs standard testing procedures with no evidence of supply chain sabotage or security risks. The overall security risk is minimal, and the code appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}