{
  "purpose": "Configure and initialize environment-specific agents, tracers, and profilers for monitoring and tracing, based on environment variables.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (AWS_EXECUTION_ENV, INSTANA_TRACER_ENVIRONMENT, AWS_Lambda_, K_SERVICE, K_CONFIGURATION, K_REVISION, INSTANA_ENDPOINT_URL). Imported modules and environment-specific agent classes.",
  "sinks": "Potentially setting global agent, tracer, profiler variables that could influence monitoring or logging behavior.",
  "flows": "Environment variables are read at the start to determine environment; based on their values, specific agent modules are imported and instantiated; global variables are set accordingly; tracer and profiler are created and configured.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. Use of global variables for singleton management is standard, not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs environment detection via environment variables, imports appropriate agent classes, and initializes singleton objects for monitoring tools. It contains functions to get and set these singletons, which is common practice for such configuration modules. No code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious activity is evident. No obfuscated code or malicious behavior patterns are present. The code relies on environment variables for environment-specific configuration, which is typical in deployment scripts. There are no signs of malicious payloads or backdoors. The global variable management and conditional imports are consistent with monitoring setup practices.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard environment-based configuration module for monitoring agents and tracers. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It appears safe and well-structured, primarily for environment detection and singleton management.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}