{
  "purpose": "This script provides command-line interfaces for importing and exporting files to and from Databricks, managing directories, and handling different file formats.",
  "sources": "Environment variables imported from 'settings' module (DATABRICKSTOOLS_DATABRICKS_TOKEN, DATABRICKSTOOLS_DATABRICKS_URL, etc.), user-provided file paths, function calls to external Databricks APIs.",
  "sinks": "API calls to Databricks services via imported classes, logging outputs, potentially network requests that include tokens and URLs.",
  "flows": "User inputs (file paths, overwrite options) are processed and passed to API functions. Sensitive data like tokens are used directly in API calls without apparent sanitization. API responses are logged but not further processed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets; environment variables are used, which is standard. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected. Logging sensitive info is minimal. No code injection points or unsafe SQL are present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides CLI wrappers around Databricks API interactions, with configurations loaded from environment variables or settings. No hardcoded secrets are visible. The functions primarily invoke API methods, passing user-provided file paths and options. The use of environment variables for tokens and URLs is standard practice. No network anomalies, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious code are detected. The structure is straightforward, focusing on file transfer operations. No obfuscation or malware-like patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate CLI tool for managing files and directories in Databricks environments. No malicious or suspicious behavior is evident. It operates within the expected parameters of a deployment tool, with secure handling of environment variables and API interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}