{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebSocket server/client class with heartbeat functionality, message handling, and connection management, primarily for real-time communication.",
  "sources": "Reading data from the socket via 'once()', processing incoming data in 'process()', and reading buffer in '_get_from_pending()'. It also reads from the socket in 'terminate()' during connection closing.",
  "sinks": "Sending data via '_write()' method, which writes bytes to the socket, and the 'send()' method which constructs WebSocket frames to send messages. Also, the 'close()' method sends a close frame with a code and reason.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the socket to internal buffer in 'once()', then 'process()' parses data and may invoke 'received_message()' or send pongs, or close the connection; outgoing messages flow from 'send()' to '_write()', which transmits over the socket.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'self.buf' as internal buffer, no explicit handling of untrusted input validation beyond WebSocket frame parsing. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No obfuscated code or hidden network communications observed. The code properly manages SSL detection and socket shutdown.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard WebSocket implementation with heartbeat and message management features. It reads and writes data securely via socket, handles SSL sockets, and maintains connection state. No suspicious data leaks, hardcoded secrets, or malicious network activity are evident. The 'send' and 'close' methods behave as expected for WebSocket protocols. No anomalies in data handling or security logic; however, the code relies on correct implementation of the WebSocket protocol and socket security. No malicious behavior or sabotage identified.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a typical, well-structured WebSocket server/client component, with no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage. It handles secure and insecure sockets, manages connection lifecycle properly, and performs standard heartbeat and message processing functions. No security risks or malware behaviors are evident from this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}