{
  "purpose": "Implementation of a WebSocket server and client handling, including heartbeat management, message processing, and connection management.",
  "sources": "Socket connections (sock), incoming messages (received_message), heartbeat thread (Heartbeat), environment variables (environ).",
  "sinks": "Sending messages through self._write, closing connection via close(), sending ping/pong messages.",
  "flows": "Socket data received -> process() -> received_message() or error handling -> send() or close() methods.",
  "anomalies": "Use of private methods such as sock.pending(), potential reliance on non-standard SSL pending behavior, lack of detailed security checks for input data, no evident validation of incoming messages. No explicit hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No obfuscated code. Use of try-except blocks around socket operations is standard but should be checked for proper error handling in production. The Heartbeat thread sends 'beep' as data for pong messages; this is benign. No code injection, data leakage, or suspicious network connections observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements WebSocket communication with support for heartbeat mechanisms, message sending, and connection termination. It handles SSL detection, socket communication, and message parsing. No malicious code or suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system commands execution, or unauthorized network connections are evident. The code uses standard libraries and practices for WebSocket management. The only minor concern is reliance on SSL pending(), which could be misused if the SSL socket implementation is compromised, but this is a known pattern and not inherently malicious. There are no hardcoded secrets, no dynamic code execution, and no obfuscated sections. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, functional WebSocket implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard WebSocket server/client implementation with heartbeat management. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or suspicious activity detected. The overall security risk is minimal, with no evident malware or security vulnerabilities in the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}