{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a text processing and feature extraction module for natural language processing tasks, particularly focusing on building graphs, calculating term features, and candidate keyphrases.",
  "sources": "Input text to the _build() method; stopword_set during term creation; environment variables indirectly via os (though not used explicitly in code); external libraries such as segtok, networkx, numpy, re, jellyfish.",
  "sinks": "Methods that could lead to data leaks or unintended data flows are primarily internal data structures (graphs, dictionaries). No clear sinks such as network connections, file writes, or system calls are present.",
  "flows": "Input text flows into _build(), which tokenizes and processes sentences, building terms and candidate words, updating the graph. Features are computed and stored within class instances. No external data is sent outside the process.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior observed. The code performs standard NLP tokenization, graph building, and feature calculations. No network communication, file I/O, or system command execution is present. External libraries are used as intended for NLP and string operations.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs NLP preprocessing, term and candidate extraction, and graph-based feature calculations. The only potentially concerning aspect is the use of external libraries like 'jellyfish' for string distance, but this is standard in NLP tasks. There are no network calls, data exfiltration, or system modifications. No obfuscation or malicious logic is evident. The code structure and variable usage appear typical for text analysis modules. All functions focus on internal data handling without external interaction or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate NLP processing module with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs typical text tokenization, term management, graph building, and feature calculation for NLP tasks, with no suspicious network or system activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}