{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for text processing, candidate phrase extraction, and feature computation used in extractive summarization or keyword extraction tasks.",
  "sources": "Input text is read through the constructor of DataCore, which processes the text by splitting into sentences and words, and by extracting tokens and their attributes.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data; code manipulates internal data structures, graphs, and performs feature calculations without writing to external systems or network.",
  "flows": "Text is processed from raw input to tokenization, feature extraction, and graph construction. Candidate phrases flow from tokenization to composed_word objects, which are updated and validated internally.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network connections. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation patterns are present. Usage of common libraries (networkx, numpy, re, jellyfish) is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code performs natural language processing tasks—tokenization, sentence splitting, candidate phrase generation, graph building, feature calculation, and phrase validation. It utilizes standard libraries and well-defined data structures. No signs of malicious behavior or suspicious network activity are detected. The functions operate solely on provided text and internal data. There is no code that attempts to read environment variables insecurely, perform code injection, or communicate externally. The only external library functions used (like jellyfish.levenshtein_distance) are for similarity metrics, which are standard. No hardcoded credentials, system commands, or suspicious I/O are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured NLP utility for phrase extraction and feature computation. There are no indications of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}