{
  "purpose": "Definition of various lambda functions demonstrating different parameter configurations in Python.",
  "sources": "Code itself; no external data sources or input reading observed.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data or input is processed or passed to external systems.",
  "flows": "The lambda functions are standalone; no data flow analysis applicable as they are not invoked or connected to other code.",
  "anomalies": "Use of duplicate parameter names (a, a) in the first lambda and in the third lambda (a, a=20) which is invalid in Python syntax. The code appears syntactically incorrect in parts, indicating possible obfuscation or errors. No malicious code or malicious patterns such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors are present. The repeated parameter names are suspicious but invalid; if this code was executed, it would raise syntax errors.",
  "analysis": "The code attempts to define several lambda functions with varying parameter configurations. Notably, the first lambda 'lambda a, a: 1' uses duplicate parameter names, which is a syntax error in Python and prevents execution. Similarly, 'lambda a, a=20: 1' repeats the parameter name 'a' with a default value, also invalid syntax. Other lambdas show correct syntax but have unusual parameter patterns, such as '*a' and '**a', which are valid but uncommon and do not pose security risks. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or obfuscated malicious code. The presence of syntax errors suggests this may be test or malformed code rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains invalid syntax in some lambda definitions, indicating errors rather than malicious activity. There is no evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The unusual parameter patterns do not imply harm but may reflect testing or incomplete code. Overall, the code is not malicious but is syntactically flawed.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}