{
  "purpose": "The code defines various spectral and mathematical models for astrophysical data analysis, primarily for simulating and evaluating spectral energy distributions, including blackbody, Gaussian, Lorentzian, and other spectral profiles.",
  "sources": "Data inputs are primarily from function parameters, class attributes, and properties such as wavelength arrays, model parameters, and physical constants. External dependencies like numpy, astropy, and synphot are used for calculations and data handling.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could be from user-provided model parameters or input wavelengths. The evaluate functions process these inputs to produce spectral flux values, but no untrusted data flows into system or network operations.",
  "flows": "Input data (wavelengths, model parameters) flow into evaluate and integrate methods, which perform calculations possibly involving conversions and physical constant computations. There are no indications of data flowing into system commands, network sockets, or file system writes.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive use of mathematical modeling and data processing without any hardcoded credentials, network operations, or suspicious obfuscation. There are placeholder comments for future improvements (e.g., unit handling), but no unusual or malicious behaviors are evident. The functions and classes are well-structured and serve scientific computation purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code provides spectral models with detailed sampling and evaluation methods, integrating physical constants and unit conversions from astropy. There is no evidence of malicious code, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The potential for misuse exists only if user inputs are maliciously crafted to exploit evaluation functions, but such risks are typical for scientific models and do not indicate malicious intent. No suspicious patterns, hidden code, or anomalies are detected. The code appears legitimate and designed solely for scientific computation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of astrophysical spectral models with methods for sampling, evaluating, and metadata handling. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The structure and dependencies are typical for scientific Python libraries, and no malicious signals are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}