{
  "purpose": "The code defines various spectral models for astrophysical applications, including blackbody, Gaussian, power-law, and other spectrum-related models. It provides methods for evaluating, sampling, and retrieving metadata of these models.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from model parameters (e.g., temperature, amplitude, wavelength), input arrays for evaluation (e.g., wavelengths), and potentially from the 'points' attribute in empirical models.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are in evaluate() methods where untrusted input wavelengths are processed; however, the code mostly performs mathematical computations and conversions. No external data or untrusted data are explicitly written to files or network.",
  "flows": "Input wavelengths are passed into evaluate functions which perform conversions and calculations; sampling methods generate wavelength arrays; metadata functions retrieve model info. No external system calls or network communications are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code utilizes standard libraries and models, and there are no obfuscated code constructs or unusual logic. The evaluate methods use external modules (e.g., 'synphot') but do not perform any malicious operations. The presence of detailed model evaluation and sampling is consistent with astrophysical modeling.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a series of astrophysical spectral models with methods for evaluation, sampling, and metadata retrieval. It employs standard scientific and astrophysical libraries (numpy, astropy, synphot). No parts of the code perform network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The models process input data to generate spectra or sampling points. The use of external libraries is typical for this domain and does not suggest malicious intent. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious data handling mechanisms. Overall, the code appears to be well-structured, intended for scientific computation, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code implements astrophysical spectral models with standard scientific methods. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It is a legitimate, domain-specific implementation with appropriate use of external libraries and safe data handling. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}