{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of spectral models and utilities for astrophysical data analysis, primarily involving blackbody spectra, Gaussian profiles, and other spectral shapes, using astropy and synphot libraries.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (`math`, `warnings`, `copy`, `functools`), third-party (`numpy`), and specialized astrophysics packages (`astropy`, `synphot`). No explicit external data inputs are processed in the code itself.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks are present; the code primarily defines models and utility functions for spectral computations without writing to external systems or data exfiltration points.",
  "flows": "The code flows involve model evaluation, sampling, and metadata extraction within class methods and functions, with no flow of untrusted external data into sensitive operations or network communications.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or backdoors are present. The code adheres to standard scientific computation patterns. No hidden or malicious logic is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple spectral models (e.g., BlackBody1D, Gaussian1D, PowerLawFlux1D) with associated sampling and evaluation methods, all utilizing astrophysical constants and units. No functions or methods perform network operations, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The imports are standard and appropriate for scientific modeling. The presence of utility functions for model sampling and metadata handling is consistent with normal use cases. There are no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. The code appears to be a legitimate scientific library implementation with no malicious behaviors or security risks identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of astrophysical spectral models with utility functions for sampling and metadata extraction. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. All components align with expected scientific computing practices.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}