{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a text formatting utility that manages lines, indentation, and wrapping for output generation, possibly as part of a larger code or text processing project.",
  "sources": "Data is read from method parameters such as 'token', 'printable_token', 'base_string', and options passed during class instantiation. No external input sources or untrusted data are explicitly read within this snippet.",
  "sinks": "The code generates output strings via methods like get_code(), toString(), and push(), which assemble and return text content. No output is directly sent to network, files, or external systems.",
  "flows": "Input data (tokens, options) flow through methods that modify internal line and indentation states, ultimately producing formatted text outputs. There are no direct flows involving untrusted or external data to sensitive sinks such as network or file operations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscated logic, or malicious activity, are evident. The code uses standard class structures and methods for formatting. No dynamic code execution, network access, or secret leaks are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for managing output lines, indentation, and overall formatted text generation. It handles line wrapping, indentation levels, and line trimming. All operations involve internal state management without external data leaks or malicious actions. There are no signs of obfuscated code, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The code’s purpose appears to be utility-based for formatting text, with no malicious intent or suspicious logic observed.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility for managing text output formatting, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It neither reads nor writes external data sources that could be exploited. The code structure is standard and does not contain hidden or suspicious logic.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}