{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to load, parse, and provide access to detailed geographic and country data from JSON files stored locally, allowing retrieval of information such as country name, population, borders, currencies, etc.",
  "sources": "The code reads JSON data files from the 'data' directory relative to the script location during initialization, specifically in the __init__ method when opening and loading each JSON file.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks are present in the code; it does not send data over networks, write to external systems, or execute untrusted input. It merely loads data and returns data from internal structures.",
  "flows": "Data flows from reading JSON files in the data directory (source) into internal dictionaries, which are then accessed via class methods to return specific country data (sink). No external or untrusted data is written or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain obfuscated or misleading code. It loads data from local JSON files and exposes simple accessor methods. There are commented-out pprint statements, but they are benign. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic are evident. No dynamic code execution or external connections are present.",
  "analysis": "The script performs file reading in __init__ to load multiple JSON files from a 'data' directory, storing their contents in an internal dictionary keyed by country name. All data access is via straightforward getter methods that return parts of this data. The only possible concern is reliance on local files, but this is not inherently malicious. No network activity, code injection, or suspicious operations are detected. The code appears to be a standard data access class with no malicious intent or behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign data loader and accessor for country information stored locally. There is no evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It simply reads static data files and provides read-only access. No malicious signals or anomalies are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}