{
  "purpose": "The code manages undefined parameters in dataclasses, providing strategies to raise errors, ignore, or handle via catch-all dictionaries during serialization and deserialization.",
  "sources": "Input dictionaries to handle_from_dict, class fields via reflection, object attributes during handle_to_dict and handle_dump, dynamic creation of __init__ methods.",
  "sinks": "Storage of untrusted data in catch-all dictionaries, passing untrusted data into class constructors, updating object attributes with potentially untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input dictionaries through handle_from_dict into class attributes, and from object attributes back into dictionaries via handle_to_dict and handle_dump, with dynamic init methods passing data into class constructors.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, no malicious code, no external network or file operations. Use of reflection and dynamic method wrapping is standard for such utilities.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard Python features (dataclasses, reflection, functools) to handle undefined parameters flexibly. It offers three strategies: raising errors on unknown parameters, ignoring them, or capturing them in a catch-all dictionary. No suspicious activity, obfuscation, or malicious behavior is present. The potential for untrusted data to be stored in catch-all dictionaries is inherent to the design but does not constitute malicious intent. The code does not perform network operations, file manipulations, or code injection. The use of reflection and dynamic function creation is typical for such parameter handling utilities. The risk primarily stems from untrusted data being stored or passed around, but this is a known pattern and not malicious. The malware score is therefore 0, obfuscated score 0, and a low security risk score (~0.2) is justified due to the handling of untrusted data, but no active vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured utility for managing undefined parameters in dataclasses. It does not contain malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security risks based on the provided code. The scores of malware 0.0, obfuscated 0.0, and a low risk (~0.2) are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}