{
  "purpose": "This code implements a speech synthesis streaming client that handles WebSocket communication, audio data, and metadata processing for text-to-speech synthesis.",
  "sources": "WebSocket messages (text and binary), external constants, and input parameters such as text or filenames.",
  "sinks": "File outputs for audio and metadata, network streams via WebSocket, and internal data structures.",
  "flows": "Input data from WebSocket (text/binary) flows into decoding, processing functions, and file writing; network data flows into WebSocket handlers; internal functions process and route data accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy use of obfuscated variable and function names, complex async/threaded code, dynamic data handling, and internal constants that could be stylistic or obfuscatory but do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a legitimate speech synthesis streaming client, managing WebSocket communication, audio streaming, and metadata. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious network domains, or malicious payloads are evident. The obfuscation level is moderate, likely for code protection or stylistic reasons, not malicious sabotage. The network interactions and data handling are consistent with a standard client for speech synthesis services. The malware score is 0, as there are no signs of malicious payloads or backdoors. The obfuscation score is around 0.4, reflecting the complex naming and structure but not malicious intent. The security risk score is low (~0.2), indicating potential for misuse if misconfigured but no active threats. Overall, the code is most likely a legitimate implementation of a speech synthesis client with obfuscation that does not compromise security.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex but legitimate speech synthesis streaming client. No evidence of malware or sabotage is present. The obfuscation appears stylistic or protective rather than malicious. The low malware and risk scores are appropriate. Continuous review of dependencies and internal modules is recommended, but based on this fragment, it does not warrant a high security concern.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}