{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of classes and functions for manipulating grouped dataframes in Snowflake's Snowpark API, including aggregation, pivoting, and applying custom functions within groups.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from imported modules, method parameters (e.g., columns, expressions), and user-provided functions for apply_in_pandas.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if user functions used in apply_in_pandas mishandle or expose data; code constructs ASTs and DataFrame objects, but no direct data exfiltration or external network communication is present.",
  "flows": "Data originates from DataFrame columns and user-defined functions, flows through aggregation or transformation methods, and constructs new DataFrames or ASTs for execution; no external untrusted data sources or sinks are directly involved.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code primarily constructs ASTs and data transformations. No obfuscated code or malicious system commands are detected. No unusual or malicious behavior patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of a DataFrame grouping and aggregation API, including methods for pivoting, applying pandas functions, and computing aggregates. It constructs abstract syntax trees (ASTs) for query planning, which is standard for such frameworks. The 'apply_in_pandas' method internally registers a user-defined function (UDF) and manages its execution, but it does not include network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification. All operations appear to be contained within the data processing context. The code's structure is consistent with standard data transformation code, with no signs of obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of grouped DataFrame operations in Snowflake Snowpark. There are no indications of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. The code relies on user-defined functions safely encapsulated within the framework, with no external network or system calls. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}