{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for manipulating grouped dataframes in the Snowflake Snowpark Python library, including aggregation, pivoting, and applying functions to groups.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include method parameters such as columns, expressions, dataframes, and user-defined functions (callables). Environment variables and external functions are not explicitly read.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the execution of user-defined functions, construction of SQL expressions, and creation of dataframes which are executed on the database. No explicit network connections or data exfiltration code are present.",
  "flows": "Input data is received via method parameters; expressions and column references are transformed into SQL or plan objects; user-defined functions may be executed within pandas or UDTF contexts; data is aggregated or pivoted and returned as DataFrames.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Usage of internal Snowflake modules for AST and plan building appears standard. There are no obfuscation techniques, unnecessary dynamic code executions, or misleading variables.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements data manipulation logic for grouping, aggregating, pivoting, and applying functions to dataframes within the Snowflake Snowpark environment. It constructs SQL plan objects, manages AST references, and allows custom user functions to be applied in a secure, structured manner. No suspicious or malicious behavior such as network connections, data theft, or hidden backdoors is evident. All functions seem to be legitimate for data processing purposes, with standard use of external libraries like pandas for UDFs. The logic relies on Snowflake's internal plan building and AST mechanisms, which are industry-standard for this context. No anomalies or code injection patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard, legitimate implementation of grouped dataframe operations for Snowflake Snowpark, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It utilizes internal APIs for SQL plan construction and supports user-defined functions securely. The code is well-structured and does not contain obfuscation or suspicious patterns. Overall, the risk of malicious activity is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}