{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for parsing and analyzing HTML and template files, specifically for identifying ignored blocks, script styles, and template sections to facilitate processing such as linting or formatting.",
  "sources": "The functions read input from string data (html, template content) via regex matches, finditer results, and string searches; some functions also access configuration data from the 'Config' object.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include regex search results used to determine if a match is inside specific blocks; however, these are used for control flow and do not pose direct security risks. No code injection or dangerous system calls are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input strings through regex finditer or search operations, used to determine whether a specific match or position is within a certain ignored or protected block. The flow is primarily for control flow rather than data manipulation or command execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive use of regex matching with user-configurable patterns; no hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The functions are focused on parsing HTML/templates and do not execute external commands or perform network operations. No obfuscation or suspicious constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily parsing-oriented, using regex to identify blocks within HTML or template strings, such as ignored sections, script styles, and inline attributes. It relies on user-defined regex patterns from the 'Config' object. The functions perform checks to see if certain positions or matches are within specific blocks, mainly for control flow decisions in a linter or formatter. There are no signs of data leakage, malicious code execution, or malicious network activity. The use of caching in some functions optimizes repeated regex matches. All regex patterns are provided via configuration, and no dynamic code execution or external data manipulation is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of parsing utility functions aimed at analyzing HTML/template structures for a linter or formatter. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security vulnerabilities. The design is safe, with no indication of sabotage or malicious intent. Overall, the code is secure, well-structured, and purpose-specific.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}