{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for parsing, identifying, and managing blocks within HTML and template files, specifically for a templating and linting context.",
  "sources": "Uses regex pattern matching on input strings such as 'item', 'html', 'match.group()', and 'html' itself to identify block openings, closings, or positions within HTML or template content.",
  "sinks": "Regular expression searches and matches on untrusted input data (e.g., 'item', 'html') which could potentially be malicious if the regex patterns or the input data are crafted maliciously, but no direct execution or data leakage occurs here.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from provided HTML or strings into regex finditer or search functions, with match spans used for control flow and condition checks, but there are no dangerous data flows like command execution or network I/O.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code mainly uses regex matching and string position calculations. No obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious behavior is evident. The functions are standard parsing utilities.",
  "analysis": "The code performs pattern matching and position checks to determine block structures within HTML or template strings. It uses regex finditer and search with predefined flags. All functions seem to work on string data without executing code or exposing data externally. The use of '@cache' for functions caches regex results, which is safe and common for performance optimization. No signs of malware such as network activity, data theft, or code injection are present. The overall design is straightforward, with no suspicious or malicious behaviors detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate set of utilities for parsing and managing template and HTML blocks. There are no indicators of malicious intent or security risks within the code itself. The functions operate safely on string data, and the patterns used are standard for such parsing tasks.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}