{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for parsing and identifying specific blocks or patterns within HTML or template files, primarily for use in a templating or linting tool, such as djLint.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration patterns from the 'Config' object and HTML/template content passed as strings to functions. It uses re.finditer() to locate pattern matches within these strings.",
  "sinks": "Potentially, some functions process untrusted HTML or template input and could act on matches, but there are no functions executing code, writing files, or performing network operations. No direct sink for malicious code execution is present.",
  "flows": "The code identifies positions of patterns (sources) and determines whether certain matches are within specific blocks (flows), like ignored regions, template blocks, or HTML attributes. There is no execution of untrusted data; functions only return boolean checks based on pattern matching.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious pattern usage are evident. The functions are straightforward pattern matchers with no dynamic code execution or external resource access.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions to detect whether specific patterns (like ignored blocks, script style blocks, template blocks, or HTML attributes) are present in the provided HTML or template string, and whether a given match falls within such regions. Many functions utilize regex matching and caching to optimize repeated lookups. There is no code execution, network activity, or system modification. The functions rely on configuration patterns, which could be manipulated externally, but as provided, they perform safe pattern detection without side effects. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are present; the pattern matching is standard and static.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a set of safe utility functions for pattern detection within HTML or template files. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. Its purpose is to aid in code analysis or linting, with no evident vectors for supply chain or runtime malware.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}