{
  "purpose": "This module configures and manages different signature layouts for Python function signatures, primarily used for introspection and code generation within the 'shibokensupport' library.",
  "sources": "The code reads module imports, class attribute accesses, and function parameters. It does not read external input or untrusted data sources.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that process untrusted data; the code mainly constructs and manipulates signature representations internally. No network, file, or environment variable operations are present.",
  "flows": "The code defines signature layout configurations, applies them to generate or modify signature objects, and manages internal class and function behaviors for signature representation. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The code performs typical introspection, class creation, and signature manipulation tasks. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script provides signature layout configurations and utility functions for signature manipulation, including creating nameless parameters and signature transformations. It imports specific modules for introspection and support functions, with no external input handling or network activity. All code appears to be for internal use in signature processing. There are no signs of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, command execution, or network connections. The logic is straightforward, related to signature formatting and class creation, with no hidden or obfuscated code. The code uses standard Python features and well-documented patterns consistent with a library for signature handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign library module aimed at signature configuration and manipulation. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}