{
  "purpose": "The code is designed for handling exceptions in a Django REST Framework application, providing standardized error responses and categorization of error types.",
  "sources": "Reads include exception objects, request data, and error codes via attributes like 'detail', 'get_codes()', and 'exception_type'. It also accesses Django settings and exception details.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include constructing Response objects with error details, setting headers, and calling exception_reporter (though it's a placeholder). These outputs can leak error details or stack info if misused.",
  "flows": "Exception objects are categorized into types, normalized, and mapped to error responses. Exception details flow from exception attributes to response payloads. The process includes converting exception codes and extracting messages.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The exception_reporter function is a placeholder and does not perform any action. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or data leakage mechanisms are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a comprehensive exception handling system for Django REST Framework, with functions to categorize, normalize, and format exception data. It uses standard practices like type checking, attribute access, and response construction. There are no signs of malicious payloads, code injection, or sabotage. The only notable point is the placeholder exception_reporter, which is meant for logging but currently does nothing; this does not represent malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a standard error handling module with no malicious or security-compromising behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard exception handling module for Django REST Framework with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It follows conventional patterns and does not contain hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The placeholder for exception reporting suggests intended extensibility rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}