{
  "purpose": "This code provides an exception handling framework for a Django REST Framework project, including error categorization, normalization, and reporting.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from exception objects (attributes like 'detail', 'get_codes()', and custom exception attributes). It also reads request context from the 'context' parameter, particularly 'request' and exception details.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs and returns a DRF Response object with error details. It calls external reporting functions like 'api_settings.EXCEPTION_REPORTING'. It also accesses attributes such as 'extra' on exceptions and sets response headers.",
  "flows": "Exception objects are analyzed for their type and codes, which influence response content. The exception data flows from the exception attributes and 'context' into a structured response, potentially triggering reporting and setting headers.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are present. The code predominantly performs standard exception handling and logging. It utilizes standard Django and DRF exception classes and follows common patterns. The use of 'send' signal in debug mode is standard for traceback logging, not malicious. There are no obfuscated or dynamic code executions, no hidden network communications, or file operations that could indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code implements structured exception processing, including normalization of error codes, mapping exceptions to error types, and formatting error responses. It incorporates a reporting hook, but the implementation of 'api_settings.EXCEPTION_REPORTING' is external and not shown here. The code handles various exceptions gracefully and adheres to best practices for error reporting. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, command execution, or hidden backdoors. It relies on standard Django and DRF exception classes and configurations. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, standard error handling module with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard exception handling implementation for a Django REST Framework application, focusing on categorizing, normalizing, and reporting errors. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks within this code segment. It functions as intended for error management and reporting without introducing security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}