{
  "purpose": "The source code implements an AST analysis utility for Python code, primarily to analyze source files for import statements, dependencies, potential side effects, and string-based type annotations.",
  "sources": "Reads source code strings for parsing into AST; accesses file system to read imported modules and expand import star statements.",
  "sinks": "Parsing of string literals for potential dangerous content; file reads for module content; analysis of import statements and expansion of star imports.",
  "flows": "Source code strings are parsed into AST, which is then traversed to collect import data, source variable names, and type annotations; import star expansion reads external files; string literals are parsed for potential identifiers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious commands are present. The code performs standard AST analysis functions. The import star expansion reads external files, which could be exploited if files are malicious, but this is an expected feature for import resolution. No use of unsafe eval, exec, or dynamic code execution is observed. No obfuscated code or misleading variable names are present. Side effect analysis checks for functions or import behaviors, but does not execute code.",
  "analysis": "The code thoroughly analyzes Python source files using the AST module, extracting import statements, variable names, type annotations, and potential side effects. The import star expansion function reads external files to resolve star imports, which could be exploited if files are malicious or contain malicious code, but this is an intended feature for comprehensive analysis. The code avoids executing dynamic code; it only parses and inspects static AST representations. No signs of malware such as data exfiltration, system modification, or code injection are detected. The functions and classes perform static analysis tasks without executing or manipulating system resources maliciously. Overall, the code is a safe static analysis utility with no malicious intent or behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a static analysis tool for Python AST parsing and dependency analysis. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage features. Its core function is to analyze source code for imports, variable names, and side effects, which it accomplishes through standard AST processing without unsafe code execution. The only potentially sensitive operation involves reading external files for import star expansion, which is necessary for complete dependency analysis but could be exploited if malicious files are present. Overall, the code appears secure and free of malware or sabotage mechanisms.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}