{
  "purpose": "This module provides utilities for analyzing Python Abstract Syntax Trees (AST), focusing on source code and import statements, including side effects and importability.",
  "sources": "Read operations occur in functions like parse_ast (reads source_code string), and within methods that read file contents via iou.safe_read (reads file content during import star expansion). Also, during AST traversal via ast nodes (e.g., visit methods).",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include file content passed to parse_ast, which could process malicious code; and network-related or environment-related operations are absent. The code manipulates AST nodes and does not execute or evaluate code, thus no direct sinks of untrusted data are present.",
  "flows": "Source flows from file reads (iou.safe_read) and source_code string input into parse_ast, then into AST nodes analyzed by the visitor classes. The analysis functions process the AST to extract import names, source identifiers, and side effects. Data flow is internal, with no external or network data involved.",
  "anomalies": "No signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation. The code carefully expands import stars, manages exceptions, and includes detailed comments. The only potential concern is the import star expansion via expand_import_star, but it is a controlled operation with exception handling; no malicious behavior or sabotage detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is an analysis utility designed to parse and inspect Python source code ASTs, extract import statements, source identifiers, and determine side effects. It uses standard Python libraries and well-structured classes with clear exception handling. No code injection, network activity, or system modification appears. The expand_import_star function performs dynamic import star expansion by reading files and analyzing their imports, but with safeguards against errors and no malicious intent. No obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The entire code focuses on static code analysis, with no execution of arbitrary code or data exfiltration.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a static analysis utility for Python ASTs with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs source and import analysis, side effect detection, and import star expansion with proper safeguards. There are no signs of malware, data leakage, or malicious behaviors. Overall, the code is safe and intended for source code inspection purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}