{
  "purpose": "The source code is a static analysis utility for Python AST, designed to extract import statements, source identifiers, and detect side effects without executing code. It handles import star expansion cautiously, with error handling, to analyze dependencies and potential side effects in Python source files.",
  "sources": "The code reads source code strings, source files during import star expansion via 'iou.safe_read', and AST nodes such as 'ast.Name', 'ast.Attribute', and 'ast.Call'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include reading external files during import star expansion, which could be exploited if source files are malicious, but the code does not execute or inject code. No other sinks like network or system modification are present.",
  "flows": "Source flows involve reading source code or files, parsing into AST, then analyzing nodes for import statements, identifiers, and side effects. During import star expansion, file content flows into AST parsing and import resolution.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious payloads are detected. The only notable operation is reading external files for import star expansion, which is standard for static analysis but could be exploited if source files are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code performs static AST parsing and analysis, with functions to handle import statements, source identifiers, and side effects. It cautiously expands import star statements by reading external files, with exception handling to prevent crashes. No code execution or network activity occurs. The malware score is correctly set to 0, as there are no malicious payloads. The obfuscation score is 0, given the clarity and structure. The risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), reflecting the potential risk of reading external files, which is inherent to static analysis tools but not malicious. The code's logic is sound, with safeguards in place, and no signs of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a safe, well-structured static analysis utility with no signs of sabotage, malware, or obfuscation. The only minor concern is the reading of external files during import star expansion, which could be exploited if source files are malicious, but this is a known and controlled aspect of static analysis. The malware score is correctly set to 0, and the overall security posture is sound.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}