{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for analyzing Python source files' AST, focusing on extracting import statements, source code identifiers, and side-effect analysis to support code quality and security assessments.",
  "sources": "Reads source code as text lines, and parses AST nodes for import statements, function/class definitions, annotations, and string literals.",
  "sinks": "No explicit data sinks that handle untrusted data; however, parsing functions interpret source code and may process string literals or annotations that could be malicious if originating from untrusted sources.",
  "flows": "Source code lines are parsed into an AST, then various visitor methods traverse nodes to collect import names, source identifiers, and side-effect indicators. No data is sent to external systems or network in this code.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears well-structured; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. No use of dynamic execution (`exec`, `eval`) or unsafe code injection. Import expansion could potentially be misused if source code is malicious, but it is properly contained within controlled AST parsing and file reading. No obfuscation detected. The import star expansion could be misused to inject malicious import names if source files are compromised, but this is an expected behavior of import star handling, not malicious per se.",
  "analysis": "The script implements comprehensive AST analysis functions, including parsing, import collection, identifier extraction, side-effect detection, and import star expansion. No evidence of malicious intent such as network communication, data theft, or code execution. The import star expansion function handles errors gracefully, avoiding potential code injection. The side-effect and import analysis modules focus on static code evaluation without executing any code, reducing risk. The code does not contain any suspicious or malicious constructs; it primarily aids in code quality and security checks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured static analysis utility focused on source code inspection. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware signatures. Its functionalities are standard for code analysis tools, with no signs of supply chain attacks or malicious code injection. The import star expansion logic is safely encapsulated with error handling, and no network or system manipulation is present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}