{
  "purpose": "Implements a metaclass to enable inheritance and enforcement of design-by-contract elements such as invariants, preconditions, and postconditions in Python classes. It collects, merges, and decorates class methods and properties with contract checkers during class creation.",
  "sources": "Reads class attributes like __invariants__, __preconditions__, __postconditions__, and class methods/properties via runtime introspection and class namespace modifications.",
  "sinks": "Decorates functions and properties with contract checkers from icontract._checkers, modifies class namespace, and registers classes for external processing (e.g., hypothesis testing).",
  "flows": "Collects invariants, preconditions, postconditions from base classes and current namespace; decorates class methods/properties accordingly; registers classes for testing.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious activity, no obfuscated code, no external malicious operations detected. The code relies on standard contract enforcement patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a design-by-contract system using a custom metaclass. It reads class attributes, merges invariants, preconditions, and postconditions from base classes, and decorates class methods and properties with contract checkers. It also registers classes for external testing frameworks. No malicious, obfuscated, or suspicious behaviors are present. The reliance on external icontract modules is typical for such frameworks and does not indicate malicious intent. The code is transparent, well-structured, and purpose-built for contract inheritance and enforcement.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard implementation for contract inheritance in Python. It contains no malware, obfuscation, or malicious activity. The external dependencies are typical and do not compromise security. The low risk score (around 0.1) is appropriate, and the overall confidence in its benign nature is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}