{
  "purpose": "The code implements a testing framework for AWS Lambda events, simulating API Gateway (V1 and V2) and ALB events, and creating a WSGI-compatible handler for testing Python web applications in AWS Lambda environments.",
  "sources": "Reads include event input parameters (headers, body, query strings, request context), environment variables (e.g., PATH_INFO, QUERY_STRING), and data from WSGI input streams.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs include HTTP response dictionaries, environment variables, and possibly encoded bodies. No untrusted data is directly written to system files, network, or external processes.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows from event parameters (e.g., headers, query strings, body) into environment variables, request handling logic, and response objects. Data encoding (e.g., base64) and header processing are performed but are standard for HTTP handling.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code employs standard testing and mocking practices. No evidence of code injection, data leakage, or malicious privacy violations. No obfuscation or malicious behavior identified.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of test fixtures, event generators, and mock application classes used to verify Lambda and API Gateway integrations. It correctly handles input sanitization, header parsing, query string encoding, and binary content encoding/decoding, following expected security practices. The code does not perform any network connections, file operations, or execute untrusted code. All data processing appears benign, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a comprehensive test suite for AWS Lambda event handling and WSGI integration, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate testing setup with standard data handling patterns. No malicious or sabotage-related patterns are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}