{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of test cases and utility functions for handling AWS API Gateway and ALB events, creating WSGI-compatible environments, and testing a lambda handler.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include event dictionaries from AWS API Gateway (v1 and v2) and ALB, as well as environment variables and request headers.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into environment variables (e.g., environ dict), the response dict, and Base64 encoded bodies. No code directly executes untrusted input or writes to system files.",
  "flows": "Input event data is processed and mapped into environ variables and response structures. Base64 encoding occurs for binary responses based on content type and encoding headers. The code does not execute or evaluate untrusted code, nor does it write data externally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code, code injections, or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. The code relies on external libraries like pytest and apig_wsgi, which are standard for testing and WSGI handling. No malicious privacy violations or data theft indicators are evident. The event creation functions encode bodies in base64 for binary support, but this is standard and controlled. No suspicious network activity or external communications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is composed of test fixtures, mock event generators, and a WSGI handler builder for different event types. It ensures proper request parsing, header handling, query string encoding, and response formatting, including support for binary data and multi-value headers. The code employs safe data handling practices, uses well-understood libraries, and has no indication of malicious or sabotage behavior. It appears purely for testing and validation purposes. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious logic are detected. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscated or dynamically executed code. The security posture is sound, with no evident security risks beyond standard testing considerations.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a comprehensive set of tests and helpers for AWS Lambda event processing, focusing on correctness and compatibility. There are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain sabotage, or security risks. It appears safe and intended for testing and validation of AWS event handling logic.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}