{
  "purpose": "This code provides test fixtures and functions for validating AWS Lambda event handling in a Python web application, specifically testing different event versions and request scenarios for API Gateway and ALB integrations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (e.g., event dicts in test cases), user-provided headers, cookies, and request body data. It also reads environment variables and context objects in tests.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data flows into environment variables, request handling functions, and response data. The code manipulates request data and headers but does not directly perform insecure operations like SQL execution or command execution.",
  "flows": "User input (headers, query parameters, body, cookies) flows into environment variables and request context, and response data is generated from these inputs. No evidence of data leakage or malicious data exfiltration pathways.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard test and stub code with no hardcoded secrets, suspicious function calls, or malicious behavior. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or malware indicators are present. Usage of imports like pytest and apig_wsgi is typical for testing.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of test fixtures, helper functions for generating AWS Lambda event mocks, and test cases for a WSGI handler implementation. No code performs network access, system commands, or data exfiltration. There are no hardcoded credentials or malicious payloads. The code is straightforward, uses well-known testing libraries, and handles input and output securely. No suspicious patterns or malicious logic are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive set of tests for validating Lambda event handling and does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. It is focused on testing expected functionality and edge cases without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}