{
  "purpose": "This code provides a test suite for verifying the behavior of a Python AWS Lambda handler implementation that supports multiple event formats (API Gateway v1, v2, and ALB). It tests request parsing, header handling, query string encoding, binary support, and context handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from event input parameters such as headers, query parameters, body, and request context; it also accesses environment variables set during request processing.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data is assigned to environment variables (e.g., 'HTTP_*', 'CONTENT_TYPE', 'QUERY_STRING', 'PATH_INFO') and included in the response object. The code encodes the request body to base64 if binary support is enabled, but this is part of normal response handling, not malicious.",
  "flows": "Data flows from event input (headers, body, query parameters) to environment variable assignments and response construction. There are no dynamic code executions, network connections, or data exfiltration mechanisms present.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a comprehensive test suite without any hard-coded secrets or suspicious code. No backdoors, obfuscated code, or malicious behaviors are detected. It uses standard libraries and mock objects. The test code itself does not perform any external communications or privilege escalation.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly consists of test fixtures, request event generators, and a request handler factory for AWS Lambda proxy integrations. It does not include any network calls, file manipulations, or code injection. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The use of base64 encoding is standard for binary support. The event creation functions sanitize input data and simulate various request scenarios. Overall, the code is designed for testing request parsing and response formatting, with no malicious intent evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for AWS Lambda request handling, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It operates within the scope of testing request parsing, header handling, and response encoding. There are no external network connections, data theft, or backdoors embedded. Overall, it appears to be safe and aligned with its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}