{
  "purpose": "The code appears to process and normalize GraphQL schema types and convert input data into URL-friendly strings, possibly for documentation or API processing.",
  "sources": "Input data to the function xmnTinsFzsXJyrMNxNycSqxkapvNZeXV and the imported module hQKhtIXqyafPKIkadrLPZbSAimyvRGXY",
  "sinks": "The functions process and transform data internally; no direct data leaks or system effects are apparent. No external data sinks or network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through normalization and transformation functions; no external or untrusted data sources are directly used in dangerous operations.",
  "anomalies": "The function hQKhtIXqyafPKIkadrLPZbSAimyvRGXY is imported from a local module with an obfuscated name, which could suggest an attempt to hide functionality. The use of numerous complex, nonsensical variable and function names also suggests obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily imports standard and third-party libraries, including 'graphql' and 'markdown2'. It defines functions that process data: one identifies GraphQL object types; another converts data to Markdown; the third normalizes and cleans strings for URL use. The functions do not perform any network activity, file operations, or contain hardcoded secrets. The presence of an obfuscated import and the inconsistent naming scheme raise some suspicion of obfuscation or concealment of functionality. However, the core logic appears to be straightforward data processing without malicious intent. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful system modifications is observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs benign data normalization and type identification functions. Although some obfuscation and complex naming could suggest concealment, there is no direct evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. The functions seem intended for schema and data processing within a larger system. Overall, it appears safe but warrants caution due to the obfuscated import.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}