{
  "purpose": "A setup script that reads a version string from a local file and passes it to setuptools.setup() for package configuration.",
  "sources": "Reads 'package_version.txt' from the local directory.",
  "sinks": "Passes version string to setup() as a parameter.",
  "flows": "Reads version from file -> passes to setup() as 'version' parameter.",
  "anomalies": "Variable names are heavily obfuscated; in some reports, the setup() call contains invalid or malformed arguments, indicating possible typos or obfuscation artifacts.",
  "analysis": "The code performs a straightforward task: reading a version string from a local file and passing it to the setup() function. The obfuscated variable names suggest an attempt to conceal code details but do not inherently imply malicious intent. Multiple reports identify the same pattern, with some noting potential syntax errors or typos in the setup() call, which are likely coding mistakes or obfuscation rather than malicious behavior. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious code execution is present. The consistent malware score of 0 across reports aligns with the benign nature of the code. The high obfuscation scores are justified by variable naming but do not indicate malicious intent. The low risk scores reflect the absence of security vulnerabilities or malicious logic.\n\nOverall, the code is a standard setup script with superficial obfuscation and minor coding issues that are not security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, performing a common setup task with obfuscated variable names. No evidence of malicious activity, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities is present. The high obfuscation appears superficial, possibly to hinder easy review, but does not constitute malicious intent. The main issues are potential typos or syntax errors in the setup() call, which should be corrected for proper functionality. Overall, the supply chain security risk is minimal, and the malware likelihood is effectively zero.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}