{
  "purpose": "This code implements a generic API client for OpenAPI specifications, enabling communication with the WhyLabs API. It handles request construction, serialization, authentication, and response deserialization.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data, request parameters, headers, files, and input data for serialization.",
  "sinks": "Constructs HTTP requests, handles headers, query parameters, body, files, and authentication data that are sent over the network.",
  "flows": "Source data (configuration, input parameters, files) flows through serialization and request-building functions into HTTP requests, which are sent to the server. Responses are received, deserialized, and returned.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. No use of dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or code injection mechanisms. No suspicious domain connections, data leaks, or backdoors detected. The code is standard for API clients and generated by a known OpenAPI generator, with no signs of malicious alterations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard auto-generated API client library that handles request preparation, including serialization of complex objects, authentication setup, and response deserialization. It manages threading for asynchronous requests, handles files securely by reading and closing them properly, and constructs HTTP requests with correct headers and parameters. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or backdoors are present. The absence of hardcoded secrets and the reliance on external configurations further reduce risk. The structure and functions align with common, secure API client implementations. There are no anomalies indicating malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical, auto-generated OpenAPI client library designed for secure communication with an API. It does not contain malicious behaviors, sabotage, or malware. It functions solely to facilitate API requests and responses with proper serialization and security practices. Overall, it appears safe and free from supply chain security attacks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}