{
  "purpose": "This code provides clients for managing Ocean clusters and related resources across multiple cloud providers (AWS, Azure, GCP, ECS) and includes functionality for creating, updating, deleting, and retrieving clusters, node groups, logs, migrations, rightsizing rules, and cost reports.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from API responses, JSON serialization/deserialization, and input parameters such as IDs, configurations, and filters. Sensitive data such as credentials are not hard-coded; environment variables are not directly referenced.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent via HTTP methods (POST, GET, PUT, DELETE) to API endpoints. Data flows include JSON payloads constructed from object serialization and parameters. No evident untrusted input from external sources is directly used in dangerous commands or system calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from object conversions and parameter inputs into JSON payloads which are sent over HTTP requests to API endpoints. Responses are received, parsed, and returned after JSON conversion.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to use standard serialization/deserialization, JSON manipulation, and API communication patterns. No hard-coded secrets, credentials, or tokens are visible. No obfuscated or dynamically executed code structures are present. All class and method names are descriptive and follow standard patterns. The code structure is consistent with typical SDK client code.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step analysis shows that this code primarily performs API interactions with Cloud management endpoints, serializes configuration objects into JSON, and handles responses. No indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or unauthorized data exfiltration are present. The data flows follow expected API client patterns. No use of system commands, external processes, or dynamic code execution is detected. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or secrets, and all data handling appears to be confined within standard request/response cycles. The design is consistent with a management SDK, with no signs of malicious modifications or covert behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a management client SDK for Ocean clusters across multiple cloud providers. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data exfiltration patterns. The use of API requests, JSON handling, and configuration management aligns with normal SDK operations. No evidence of malware or malicious sabotage is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}