{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and methods for managing subscriptions and filters in a media tracking or management system, likely interacting with an external API.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input dictionaries passed during class instantiation, API responses from self._session.get and self._session.qUpYGYRxHFoRwfxaAglvJjsQxPpbwTZf methods, and parameters provided to class methods.",
  "sinks": "API calls via self._session methods, especially for deleting subscriptions, retrieving data, or submitting parameters that could include untrusted input (e.g., IDs, filter names).",
  "flows": "Input data from dictionaries flows into object attributes via utils functions; method parameters (IDs, filter names) flow into API request payloads; API responses flow into object instantiation and return statements.",
  "anomalies": "Usage of obfuscated class and method names (e.g., oZkYMQcdEiHxiEpcXtithJXuvslmrTcX, qUpYGYRxHFoRwfxaAglvJjsQxPpbwTZf), which could obscure malicious intent. No explicit hardcoded secrets or credentials detected. No suspicious external domain calls or network connections are present within this code snippet. The code mainly relies on API interactions.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical API wrapper for managing subscriptions and filters, with obfuscated class/method names likely intended to hinder readability but not inherently malicious. No signs of malicious behavior such as system manipulation, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors are evident. The functions perform standard CRUD operations via API calls, and data flows are straightforward. The obfuscation might be suspicious but does not necessarily indicate malicious intent; it could be an attempt to hinder reverse engineering.\n\nThere are no signs of malicious code injection, data leakage, or unsafe behaviors within this code fragment. The functions interact with external APIs and handle data securely without evident malicious payloads. The obfuscation of identifiers is suspicious but not conclusive for malware.\n\nOverall, the code is consistent with a legitimate API wrapper with obfuscated naming, and no malicious activity can be inferred from this snippet alone.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an API wrapper for subscription and filter management with obfuscated class and method names. No direct evidence of malicious behavior or security risks is detected. The obfuscation is suspicious but not necessarily malicious. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}