{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and classes for creating FastAPI endpoints, adding route dependencies, and wrapping synchronous functions to run asynchronously.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include HTTP requests (Request objects) and request models (APIRequest, BaseModel, or dict). Dependencies may also originate from route configuration.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the execution of user-provided functions (func), dependency insertion into routes, and the handling of request data that could be manipulated or exploited.",
  "flows": "Data flows from incoming HTTP requests into endpoint functions, where request data is passed to user-defined functions, possibly via dependencies. These functions are executed asynchronously, and responses are returned to clients.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or malicious-looking logic are present. The code uses standard libraries and follows typical patterns for async execution and route dependency injection. No malicious backdoors, network activity, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for wrapping sync functions into async, creating endpoints with request models, and injecting dependencies into routes. It uses standard FastAPI and Starlette patterns. The functions 'sync_to_async' and 'create_async_endpoint' handle typical async wrapping and endpoint creation securely. 'add_route_dependencies' methodically adds dependencies to routes based on provided scopes. All operations appear legitimate, with no signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or sabotage. The data flow is contained within legitimate web server logic, and no suspicious external network activity or backdoors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard utility module for FastAPI route and dependency management, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It performs expected operations in a typical web API context, with no anomalies or malicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}