{
  "purpose": "This code defines utility functions and classes for creating asynchronous FastAPI endpoints, adding route dependencies, and wrapping synchronous functions for async execution. It facilitates dynamic route configuration and dependency injection.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters (request, request_data), request models (APIRequest, BaseModel), and route scopes. Data flows from request inputs into endpoint functions and dependencies.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the endpoint functions where untrusted data can be processed, particularly in the 'func' callable passed to 'create_async_endpoint' and route dependencies. The code executes external functions and manipulates route dependencies but does not directly write to files, send data over the network, or execute system commands.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input flows into endpoint functions via 'request' and 'request_data', then potentially into 'func'. The 'sync_to_async' wrapper forwards data to asynchronous execution. Dependency injection modifies route behavior based on scopes and dependencies.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are apparent. The code uses standard libraries and FastAPI/Starlette features. There are no obfuscated or misleading code patterns, nor any dynamic code execution. No unusual behavior or data leaks are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utilities for creating async endpoints from sync functions, wrapping functions for background execution, and dynamically adding dependencies to routes. The functions operate on trusted libraries and frameworks, with no signs of malicious intent. The dependency injection and route manipulation are standard practices in FastAPI. There are no indicators of covert data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads. The security risk is low, and the malware likelihood is minimal.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for FastAPI route handling and dependency management. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. All functions are intended to facilitate application development without introducing security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}