{
  "purpose": "A flexible type conversion and promotion framework allowing registration of custom rules and functions, facilitating dynamic type handling.",
  "sources": "Registration functions such as add_conversion_method, add_promotion_rule, and the dispatch mechanisms that invoke user-registered functions.",
  "sinks": "Invocation of user-registered functions via dispatch, which could execute malicious code if malicious functions are registered externally.",
  "flows": "External registration of conversion or promotion functions -> dispatch invokes these functions during conversions or promotions -> potential execution of malicious code if functions are malicious.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscated logic detected. The code relies on dynamic dispatch and user-registered functions, which could be exploited if untrusted code is registered.",
  "analysis": "The core code provides a standard, well-structured utility for type conversions and promotions, with registration points that enable extensibility. No embedded malicious activity or obfuscation is present. The primary security concern is the potential for external code to register malicious functions that could be invoked during conversions or promotions. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious code. The obfuscated score is 0, given the clarity of the code. The security risk score is approximately 0.3, reflecting moderate risk due to the extensibility feature that could be exploited if untrusted functions are registered. Overall, the code is safe in isolation; the main risk depends on the trustworthiness of the environment and registered functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, extensible type conversion utility with no inherent malicious behavior. The main security concern is the potential misuse if untrusted code registers malicious functions. No malware or obfuscation is present. Proper validation or sandboxing of registered functions can mitigate the risk. Overall, the supply chain risk is low but warrants caution in untrusted environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}