{
  "purpose": "To evaluate open-source Python dependency code for malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks, focusing on code signals such as code injection, data leakage, insecure practices, obfuscation, and malicious intent.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include code files, configuration files, environment variables, network calls, and dynamic execution points.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve network transmissions, file modifications, environment variable access, database queries, and system commands that could lead to data leaks or system compromise.",
  "flows": "Data flows from sources (e.g., input, environment variables) through processing functions, potentially reaching sinks (e.g., network, file system) where malicious actions could occur.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual code patterns such as dynamic code execution, hardcoded secrets, suspicious network activity, obfuscation, or unexplained data flows. Notably, code that performs actions without clear purpose or with hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The provided code is minimal or incomplete, with no evident sources, sinks, or suspicious flows. The lack of suspicious patterns aligns with low malware and obfuscation scores. One report notes potential suspicion due to dynamic execution and network activity, assigning moderate scores, but without concrete evidence, these are likely overestimations. The majority of reports correctly identify benign code with low risk. The scores across reports are consistent with their assessments, with only slight overestimations in some cases. Adjustments suggest lowering malware and obfuscation scores in reports indicating suspicion without proof. Overall, the code appears benign, with no confirmed malicious indicators or obfuscation, and the risk remains low.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed reports generally provide accurate assessments of the code's security posture. The suspicion in some reports is based on inferred behaviors rather than concrete evidence. The scores are mostly justified, with minor overestimations in moderate suspicion cases. The overall security risk is low, and the code does not exhibit malicious intent or obfuscation. Continued monitoring and further code review are recommended if more detailed code becomes available.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}