{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to securely retrieve secrets from AWS Secrets Manager and parameter values from AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store.",
  "sources": "Input parameters: 'secret_name', 'TDEmNMozOqTRrWGFuutLOVwANroUzqmd', and 'name', 'region'. These are user-provided strings used to specify secret names and regions.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with AWS SDK methods to fetch secrets and parameters, which could potentially lead to data exfiltration if misused, but as written, it only reads data without transmitting or storing it elsewhere.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to call AWS SDK functions: 'get_secret_value' and 'dcSYVWcTaqpiTagJDWWyCzdDFgUQFpsA'. These functions fetch secrets and parameters respectively, which are then parsed or returned. No untrusted data is written or executed.",
  "anomalies": "The variable and function names are intentionally obfuscated, which is suspicious. The code imports modules and calls functions that are standard but with obfuscated identifiers. No hardcoded secrets are visible, but the obfuscation raises suspicion.",
  "analysis": "The code contains two main functions: one to retrieve and decode secrets from AWS Secrets Manager, and another to fetch parameters from AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Both functions use obfuscated variable names and functions, which is unusual and could indicate an attempt to hide malicious intent. However, their actual logic aligns with legitimate AWS SDK usage. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, command execution, or data theft. The obfuscation could be an attempt to evade detection. No hardcoded credentials or malicious payloads are present. The functions are relatively straightforward, but the naming obfuscation warrants caution.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to perform legitimate secret and parameter retrieval from AWS services. The primary concern is the obfuscated naming, which is often used to conceal malicious intent. There is no direct evidence of malicious behavior or malware within this code snippet. It likely represents a secure secret management utility, but the obfuscation should be investigated further to rule out malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}