{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define data models, configuration classes, and utility functions for managing OAuth2 tokens, API interaction settings, and request retries within an SDK for EarthScope. It is primarily focused on secure handling of tokens, API communication parameters, and configuration validation.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include environment or input variables for secrets, token payloads decoded from JWTs, and configuration parameters from the user or environment.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include decoding base64 JWT payloads, returning secret strings, and serializing secrets for JSON output. Sensitive data such as tokens and secrets are handled, but no malicious output or data exfiltration is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from token secrets (possibly decoded from JWT tokens) into model validation, with secrets being serialized for output only if needed. No untrusted data from external sources appears to flow into insecure sinks that could cause harm.",
  "anomalies": "Some suspicious points include the use of base64 decoding on JWT tokens, which is common but should be handled carefully. There are custom models with fields that are secrets, but no hardcoded credentials or malicious code is found. The import from 'earthscope_sdk' appears unused and may be a placeholder or obfuscation, but does not exhibit malicious behavior. The code structure shows obfuscation in variable names, but no malicious intent is apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines models for OAuth tokens, configuration, and retry logic. It securely handles secrets with pydantic's SecretStr, avoids logging secrets directly, and decodes JWT tokens in a controlled manner. The base64 decoding of JWT payloads is standard for token validation but must be properly handled to avoid decoding errors or leaks. No external network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The import from 'earthscope_sdk' is unused, which may be benign or obfuscation but is not malicious. The variable naming and code obfuscation suggest an attempt to hide intent, but the core functionality appears benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily concerned with configuration, token handling, and retry logic within an SDK context. There are no evident malicious behaviors, backdoors, or security exploits. The obfuscation in variable names is suspicious but not definitive of malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be secure and safe for use, with no active security risks detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}