{
  "purpose": "The code defines data models, configuration, and utility classes for managing OAuth2 tokens, HTTP client settings, and retry policies within the 'earthscope_sdk' package. It appears to facilitate OAuth2 authentication flows and API request configurations.",
  "sources": "Code reads environment variables (via SecretStr), base64-encoded tokens, and static configuration values. External libraries are used for HTTP requests, token validation, and data validation.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage points include serialization of secrets (access tokens, ID tokens) and base64-decoded token payloads. The code serializes secrets conditionally, which could leak sensitive data if misused.",
  "flows": "Secrets from SecretStr are decoded and possibly validated; tokens are split and base64-decoded; tokens are serialized conditionally. These flows involve untrusted data handling but are limited to internal processing without network transmission or malicious intent.",
  "anomalies": "The presence of an imported module named 'earthscope_sdk' with an obfuscated or nonsensical name ('igmjuBxqaLtKDmMiAabxeoRvMswxzWWq') suggests possible obfuscation or non-standard code. Hardcoded credentials (client_id) are present, which may be a security concern. The use of variable names and class names is non-descriptive, potentially masking malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard token decoding, validation, and configuration setup for an SDK. It uses standard libraries and techniques. The inclusion of a mysterious import and hardcoded client credentials are suspicious. The token decoding logic involves base64 decoding and JSON validation, which are typical in OAuth2 implementations. No network calls or data exfiltration mechanisms are visible. The code appears to be a legitimate SDK setup with some obfuscation elements, possibly to hide internal logic or credentials.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily designed for OAuth2 token handling, SDK configuration, and HTTP request management. Although it contains hardcoded credentials and an obfuscated import, there is no clear evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or malware. The suspicious import and hardcoded secrets warrant caution but do not definitively indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}