{
  "purpose": "The script sets up a Python package with JupyterLab extension support, including npm build steps and package metadata.",
  "sources": "Reading 'package.json' for version info, reading 'README.md' for long description, environment detection via os.path.exists for Git, and reading the extension directory structure.",
  "sinks": "Package setup via setuptools.setup, executing npm commands for build dependencies, and writing configuration files during installation.",
  "flows": "Sources (package.json, README.md, environment check) influence package setup and build process; build commands may invoke external npm scripts; data flows into the setup() call to configure package metadata and build steps.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual variable names (e.g., KPyRyWeRPCqsJFloDfPVfZConpSHRzTB, zUUGCZvObNDrNIFADRWmUhVceXsybtjA), which seem obfuscated or auto-generated, but no actual obfuscated code is present. The script reads sensitive files (package.json, README.md) but does not process or leak their content maliciously. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The code dynamically constructs build commands based on environment, which is standard for build scripts.",
  "analysis": "The script performs package setup tasks for a JupyterLab extension, including reading metadata, verifying environment (checking for a Git directory), and configuring build steps with npm commands. The obfuscated variable names are suspicious but do not contain malicious code themselves. The npm build process is invoked but appears standard. No external data exfiltration, malicious code, or backdoors are evident. The logic is consistent with a normal setup.py script for a JupyterLab extension package.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard setup script for a JupyterLab extension with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The obfuscated variable names are unusual but do not indicate malicious intent. The script's purpose is to configure and build the package, with environment-specific handling. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}