{
  "purpose": "The code appears to set up method signatures and type definitions for an Objective-C class, likely for an iMessage or chat-related plugin, including registering metadata for various selectors.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from module imports, sys.maxsize, objc.arch, and hardcoded string constants. It also reads method definitions via objc.registerMetaDataForSelector.",
  "sinks": "The code writes metadata for Objective-C selectors, potentially influencing method behavior or exposing method signatures. No direct untrusted data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from imported modules and constants into metadata registration calls. No flows from untrusted input to sensitive functions are observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated function names, extensive dynamic method registration, and no explicit logic beyond metadata registration. No hardcoded credentials or malicious payloads are detected. The purpose of dynamic method registration is typical for plugin setups but warrants cautious review.",
  "analysis": "The script imports modules, defines functions with obfuscated names conditioned on system architecture, and updates type and structure definitions for Objective-C integration. It uses hardcoded string constants for configuration or attribute lists, which are standard in such contexts. The main activity involves registering method signatures for an Objective-C class, likely for chat or messaging functionalities, with no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections, or backdoors. The code appears to be a setup or boilerplate for an Objective-C plugin, with obfuscated function names possibly to hinder reverse engineering but not inherently malicious. The lack of network activity, file operations, or code execution suggests low malicious potential.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily configures Objective-C method signatures and types for a plugin or extension, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. The obfuscation appears to be for code concealment rather than malicious purposes. Overall, the script seems benign and typical for Objective-C plugin registration, with no immediate security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}