{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be part of a report generation system that processes data, converts it into CSV or XLS formats, and handles HTTP responses for downloading reports.",
  "sources": "Reads data from HTTP requests, class attributes, and external report utility functions; data is also read from self.rows and self.columns within report methods.",
  "sinks": "Writes output to HTTP response objects, file streams, and the CSV writer. No direct untrusted data sinks are evident outside controlled response generation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from request/columns into report methods, processed and formatted, then written to HTTP responses or files, with encoding and tag stripping where applicable.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated variable names throughout, such as 'Fo mruomhIkjWklxujQWnayMJpRyCivTq' and others, which makes code analysis challenging. No clear hardcoded credentials or backdoors observed. The code imports extensive external modules, but their usage appears legitimate for report processing.",
  "analysis": "The code is a report generation module utilizing third-party libraries like django-tables2 and django-tables2_reports. It handles encoding, CSV/XLS export, and HTTP responses for downloads. Variable names are deliberately obfuscated, but the functions perform typical report processing and output tasks. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communications, data exfiltration, or backdoor logic are evident. The obfuscation seems intended to hinder easy understanding rather than to conceal malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets, unsafe data handling, or suspicious code flows are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a report processing and export utility with obfuscated variable names. No malicious activities or malicious code patterns are evident. The obfuscation appears to be an attempt to hinder readability, but functionality is consistent with legitimate report handling. Overall, no security risks or malware are identified based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}