{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and registers a set of text metric functions as user-defined functions (UDFs) for datasets, primarily for readability and linguistic analysis.",
  "sources": "The code imports modules and functions, and reads configuration variables (e.g., prompt_column, response_column). It does not take external untrusted input directly but uses predefined configurations and dataset columns.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the registration of UDFs via 'register_dataset_udf', which attaches functions to dataset columns. The wrapper functions process text data for statistical analysis.",
  "flows": "The code registers UDFs using predefined metric names and column identifiers, wrapping textstat functions for dataset columns. There is no flow from untrusted input to critical functions; the data flow is limited to dataset columns.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or unusual code behaviors are present. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are detected. The use of dynamically assigned functions via 'register_dataset_udf' is standard for UDF registration.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a list of metrics to register, with some optional user-defined function (UDF) names. Wrapper functions are created to call 'textstat' metrics on dataset columns. The initialization function registers these UDFs for specified columns, including aggregate metrics. No external untrusted input is processed; the functions operate on dataset columns specified by configuration. The code appears straightforward, with standard use of function registration patterns. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data flows are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard setup for registering text analysis functions as dataset UDFs. There is no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. The overall security risk is minimal, with no suspicious behaviors identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}