{
  "purpose": "This code initializes and registers multiple text analysis functions as user-defined functions (UDFs) for a dataset, focusing on readability and linguistic metrics.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the variables 'prompt_column' and 'response_column', which are imported from langkit. It also imports configuration and logging modules, and uses the textstat library for calculations.",
  "sinks": "The UDF registration functions, which may process untrusted data from dataset columns, potentially leading to data leaks or malicious data processing if the dataset contains malicious input.",
  "flows": "Data flows from dataset columns ('prompt_column' and 'response_column') into the registered UDFs, which invoke textstat functions for processing, then potentially return or log the results.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are evident. The code dynamically registers UDFs using a standard pattern. The import of 'whylogs.core.stubs' and 'langkit' suggests integration with external systems but does not indicate malicious intent. No obfuscated code, code injection, or unsafe system calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The script imports and uses standard libraries and well-known open-source packages (textstat, whylogs, langkit). It registers a set of linguistic metrics as UDFs, with proper handling of optional schema and udf names. The '_unpack' helper manages tuple normalization. The code logs initialization without executing any unsafe operations. No signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or harmful system modifications are detected. The code appears to be a legitimate setup for dataset processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a dataset UDF registration setup for linguistic metrics using well-known libraries, with no apparent malicious intent or security risks. It properly manages data flow from dataset columns to functions, with no suspicious behaviors observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}