{
  "purpose": "The code is a comprehensive set of tests for various form layouts and components in a Django project using crispy-forms and related libraries.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (random, django, pytest), third-party packages (crispy_forms, django.utils), and local modules (.forms, .utils). The test functions read form data, form helper configurations, layout definitions, and render form templates.",
  "sinks": "Rendering functions such as render_crispy_form produce HTML output. The code accesses form fields, layout components, and attributes that could process or output data. However, no explicit sinks like network calls, file writes, or command executions are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from form data and layout configurations (sources) to rendering functions (sinks). No unsafe data handling or injection points are visible; the code mainly manipulates form objects and renders HTML templates.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscated code, or suspicious imports are present. Usage of random.seed() appears to be for test determinism. There are no signs of malicious code injection, environment variable misuse, or dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily comprises test functions validating form layouts and rendering outputs. It uses standard testing patterns with parameterization and overrides. No suspicious logic, external network communication, or malicious payloads are detected. The code adheres to safe practices, and all imported modules are relevant for form handling and testing. The presence of controlled randomness and explicit form and layout manipulations indicates normal testing behavior rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of benign unit tests focused on form rendering and layout validation within a Django project. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security vulnerabilities. The structure and content suggest it is a well-structured testing suite without any supply chain risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}