{
  "purpose": "This code provides functionality to compute CO2 emissions for cloud and private infrastructure based on energy consumption and geographic data, integrating external data sources and APIs.",
  "sources": "Data sources include self._data_source.get_cloud_emissions_data(), get_country_emissions_data(), get_country_energy_mix_data(), get_global_energy_mix_data(), and external APIs like co2_signal.get_emissions(). It also reads environment variables (e.g., API token) and uses data from pandas DataFrames.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain obvious sinks for untrusted data; it processes data from external sources and APIs to produce emissions calculations. No data is written to external systems or files within this snippet.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external data sources and APIs into calculations, primarily via dataframes and dictionaries. Emissions are computed through conversions from data source outputs, API calls, and internal static mappings, then returned as float values representing CO2 in kg.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials are present. The API token is optionally supplied during instantiation. No suspicious or unusual code constructs or behavior are evident. External API calls are wrapped with exception handling. The code includes detailed logging but no obfuscated or intentionally misleading patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code implements emissions calculations using publicly available data, external APIs, and internal static mappings. It reads from data sources, performs conversions with domain-specific formulas, and includes exception handling and logging for fallback mechanisms. No suspicious data manipulations, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. All external interactions appear consistent with intended functionality. The code does not process or leak sensitive data, nor does it execute any code dynamically or covertly.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of emissions calculations with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It uses external data sources and APIs appropriately, with proper error handling and logging. No malware or suspicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}