{
  "purpose": "The code implements a caching system that stores data in pickle files with optional TTL (time-to-live) for cache invalidation, along with configuration management using YAML. It provides decorators for cache handling and functions for cache reset, update, and cleanup.",
  "sources": "Data is read from file system paths (os.path.exists, open/read_pickle), environment variables are not directly used, but the code relies on path inputs and filesystem access. Input arguments to functions and decorator parameters influence cache keys.",
  "sinks": "The code writes pickle files with cache data, reads pickle files, and writes YAML configuration files. No external network or system command execution is present. Data leaks could occur if sensitive data is stored in pickle files or config files, but no explicit leakage mechanisms are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (path, cache keys, TTL) influence cache file naming and configuration. The cache functions read/write pickle files and update YAML configs. The decorator triggers cache validation, data computation, and storage based on TTL checks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code behaviors such as hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Use of pickle files for caching is standard but can be risky if untrusted data is stored; however, in this context, it's a typical caching pattern. No obfuscated code features or malicious network activity are observed. The cache path is set relative to input paths without validation, but this is typical for cache mechanisms.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a cache management system that reads/writes cache data and configuration files. It uses pickle for storing arbitrary objects, which can be risky if untrusted data is stored, but there's no evidence of malicious intent. The code handles cache TTL and cleanup, with functions to reset, update, and check cache validity. No malicious data handling or external communication is present. The code appears structured for legitimate caching purposes, with no suspicious logic, backdoors, or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard caching utility that manages filesystem-based cache with TTL and configuration files. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malicious intent, nor does it contain obfuscated or suspicious code segments. Its security risk is minimal but note that pickle usage could pose risks if untrusted data is stored, though this is typical for caching systems.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}