{
  "purpose": "The code provides a class `CoordinationMetrics` for analyzing joint angle data, including methods for data loading, processing, and computing various coordination metrics in biomechanics or robotics contexts.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSV files containing joint angle data and possibly end-effector position data from disk during the `load_csv_files()` method. It also reads data from pandas DataFrames stored in the class attributes during computation.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include plotting functions that generate visualizations, and the `get_mean_data()` and `get_concatenate_data()` methods which return data. There are no sinks that untrusted data flows into that could cause harm or data leakage.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file input (`load_csv_files()`) into internal DataFrames, which are then processed for metrics calculations. The data is used in various methods for analysis, visualization, or export, but there are no evident untrusted data flows leading to malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. All external libraries (os, pandas, matplotlib, itertools, numpy, seaborn, sklearn, fastdtw) are standard for data analysis and visualization. The code does not perform any network operations, system modifications, or obfuscated dynamic code execution. There are no hardcoded secrets or unusual data handling practices.",
  "analysis": "A thorough review of the entire code shows it is a comprehensive data analysis toolkit for biomechanics or robotics joint angle data. It performs file reading, data normalization, visualization, and various metrics calculations. All methods utilize standard libraries and methods without suspicious or malicious behavior. The code’s structure and logic are typical of scientific data analysis workflows, with no signs of sabotage or malicious intent. No unsafe or untrusted data handling, no system commands, no network communications, and no obfuscated or hidden code segments are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured data analysis module designed for biomechanical or robotic joint angle analysis. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The library usage and data handling are typical for this domain, with no evidence of harmful intent or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 5
}