{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive toolkit for analyzing joint angle data, including loading CSV files, computing various coordination metrics (e.g., PCA, CRP, cross-correlation, DTW), plotting, and data manipulation. Its primary purpose is to facilitate biomechanical or movement analysis of joint data, potentially in research or clinical contexts.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from CSV files in the load_csv_files() method, which are then stored in dataframes within the data_joints_angles list. Data is accessed throughout various methods via self.data_joints_angles and directly from the dataframes. No external or untrusted sources are explicitly read or received during execution; input sources are file-based.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include data processing and plotting functions. Notably, no code executes system commands, network requests, or writes sensitive data to external locations. Data is only read from CSV files and visualized via plots. No malicious data sinks such as file writing, network communication, or code execution are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from CSV file loading into dataframes, then through various processing steps such as normalization, PCA, correlation, and plotting. The data is transformed and visualized but not transmitted or written externally. The main flow involves reading data, transforming it, and optionally visualizing results, with no external communication or unsafe data flows identified.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The code uses standard libraries and follows expected patterns. No unusual or malicious behavior such as system commands, network access, or data exfiltration appears present. The use of the fastdtw library is standard for dynamic time warping calculations. No anomalies indicating sabotage or malicious intent are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically loads movement data, processes it with standard techniques (e.g., PCA, correlation, cross-correlation, DTW), and visualizes the results. It includes comprehensive functions for various movement metrics and plotting, all of which serve legitimate analytical purposes. No functions involve executing untrusted code, modifying system files, or network communication. The code appears to be a well-structured analysis tool with no malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate, complex analysis toolkit for joint movement data with no evidence of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It primarily processes, analyzes, and visualizes data without performing any dangerous actions. No supply chain security threats or malware behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}