{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python-based MySQL database interaction layer, including connection management, query execution, and a server interface for remote tool invocation via FastMCP.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables for database configuration; accepts user-provided SQL queries as input parameters in API functions.",
  "sinks": "Executes SQL queries received as input, potentially untrusted; returns query results as JSON strings.",
  "flows": "Input environment variables → establish connection; user input SQL queries → execute and process queries → return results as JSON.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically constructs SQL commands with user input (e.g., in `connect_dbname` with `USE {dbname}`), which could lead to SQL injection if `dbname` is maliciously crafted. However, the use of backticks around dbname mitigates some risk. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are apparent. The code correctly manages connection lifecycle and query execution. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code securely manages database connections, enforcing read-only restrictions based on environment settings, and handles multiple queries with error management. User input is incorporated into SQL commands, but primarily in controlled contexts such as switching databases with backtick-quoted identifiers, reducing injection risks. The server interface exposes functions for executing arbitrary SQL queries and switching databases, which are inherently powerful but require trust in the caller. No malicious or suspicious behaviors, such as data exfiltration, system tampering, or covert communications, are evident. The code properly utilizes environment variables for configuration, avoiding hardcoded credentials. There are no signs of obfuscation or malware; the overall structure is clear and aligns with expected patterns for a database management API.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate database interaction module with no detectable malicious intent. It correctly manages connections, enforces read-only mode where applicable, and provides functions for executing and switching databases. Risks are limited to the inherent dangers of executing raw SQL received from external sources, which is typical for such tools. No malware or security vulnerabilities are evident based on the code review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}