{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Python client library for interacting with SharePoint servers, supporting multiple versions (2007, 2010, 2013, 2016, 2019, 365). It constructs SOAP and REST requests, manages site data, lists, users, and folders, and parses responses using XML and JSON.",
  "sources": "Input data is received from function parameters, server responses via network requests (requests library), and response content is parsed with lxml.etree.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to SharePoint endpoints, response parsing with etree.fromstring, and response data returned or stored in variables. No untrusted data is directly written to files or executed.",
  "flows": "Parameters (e.g., site_url, list_name) are used to build requests; responses are parsed and returned as data structures. XML responses are parsed with recover=True, which may mask malformed XML but is not malicious.",
  "anomalies": "Use of recover=True in XML parsing could potentially hide malicious XML payloads, but this is a standard robustness measure. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or backdoors are present. External functions 'post' and 'get' are used without their implementation shown, which could be a concern if compromised, but within this code, they appear standard.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward SharePoint API client supporting multiple versions, constructing SOAP and REST requests, and parsing responses. XML parsing uses recover=True, which can mask malicious XML but is a common practice for robustness. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscation, or malicious code are evident. Network interactions are standard, and response handling is appropriate. External request functions are not shown, so trust in their security is assumed. Overall, the code appears legitimate and well-structured.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SharePoint client library with no signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or backdoors. The low security risk primarily relates to configuration options (e.g., SSL verification toggle, recover=True in XML parsing), which are standard considerations rather than active vulnerabilities. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk score is 0.2, reflecting minor configuration concerns. The reports' assessments are consistent and justified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}