{
  "purpose": "Provides custom JSON encoding and decoding tailored for AWS Lambda environments, handling decimal.Decimal objects, NaN values, and environment-specific configurations.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (AWS_EXECUTION_ENV), input data for unmarshalling (json.loads), and data to be marshalled (json.encode).",
  "sinks": "Outputs JSON strings via Encoder().encode(), potential for NaN values in JSON output.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence Encoder initialization; input request data flows into json.loads; response data flows into Encoder().encode() to produce JSON output.",
  "anomalies": "Uses math.nan to represent NaN in JSON, which produces non-standard JSON; no external network or credential handling; straightforward code structure.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard utility for JSON serialization/deserialization with custom decimal handling, environment-aware configuration, and error handling. It converts decimal.Decimal objects, including NaN, into JSON-compatible formats, using math.nan for NaN values. The environment variable check adjusts Encoder behavior for specific AWS Lambda runtimes. No suspicious external calls, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The use of math.nan in JSON output is documented but non-standard, which could cause compatibility issues downstream. Exception handling is appropriate, raising FaultException on errors. Overall, the code does not perform any malicious activity or sabotage. The minor concern is the NaN handling, which could lead to invalid JSON if consumers do not handle it properly, but this appears intentional and documented.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured JSON utility tailored for AWS Lambda, with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. The main potential issue is the use of math.nan in JSON output, which could cause downstream JSON parsing errors if not handled properly. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.1 due to the NaN handling. Overall, the code is safe and appropriate for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}