{
  "purpose": "The code defines a series of regular expressions for text parsing, including handling Unicode characters, HTML-like attributes, and special symbols, likely for processing or validation tasks.",
  "sources": "The code reads imported modules ('regex' or 'sys') and constructs regex pattern strings based on Unicode character properties or ranges.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs regex patterns; there are no direct data sinks or output operations, network calls, or data exfiltration points.",
  "flows": "Imports determine regex pattern creation; the patterns are stored in variables for potential later use, but no execution of the regex matches or data processing is shown.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or malicious patterns are present. The code appears to be purely for regex pattern definitions. The fallback code for Unicode range construction appears standard, albeit with a potentially incorrect pattern ('{0}0-9') in 'acr' when fallback occurs, which may be a typo or bug, but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script begins by attempting to import the 'regex' module for advanced Unicode regex support; if unavailable, it falls back to standard 'sys' and constructs character classes using Unicode ranges. It defines multiple regex pattern strings for parsing text with various Unicode properties, HTML attributes, and symbols. All patterns are static string definitions and do not perform dynamic execution, network operations, or data manipulation. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or hidden functionalities. The fallback code for constructing 'acr' pattern appears to contain a likely typo ('{0}0-9' instead of '{0}0-9'), but this is not malicious; it's probably an error.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of regex pattern definitions intended for text parsing or validation. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. The code is benign, serving a legitimate purpose. Minor potential bug in fallback pattern construction does not elevate risk. Overall, the code is safe and non-malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}