{
  "purpose": "The code implements custom sklearn-compatible decision tree classifiers and regressors with additional data processing and tree-building functionalities.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters, especially 'x' (np.ndarray or pd.DataFrame) and 'y' (np.ndarray). External library imports (numpy, pandas, sklearn, pyarrow) are also sources of data or code execution.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include data validation and transformation functions, tree prediction methods, and file export functions (export_dot, export_image). These could, in theory, process untrusted input or produce output files.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters ('x' and 'y') through validation, encoding, and transformation functions into tree building and prediction methods. File export functions could output data to disk, but no network transmission is present.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code constructs, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code are present. The only potentially suspicious element is the import of 'pyarrow' within a function, which is standard for data conversion, not malicious. No hidden backdoors, network calls, or credential leaks are evident. Commented-out code related to label encoding is present but inactive.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of custom sklearn estimators for classification and regression trees. It utilizes external libraries responsibly, performs data validation, and offers model export options. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication, or hidden backdoors. The data flow is straightforward, with no suspicious manipulations. The only minor concern is the import of 'pyarrow' within a function, which is normal for data conversion but should be noted. Overall, the code aligns with expected data science and ML implementation patterns without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate, standard implementation of custom decision tree models with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs typical data processing, model training, and export functionalities in a safe manner. No malicious activity or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}