{
  "purpose": "The source code defines a class for building a bidirectionally transformed string, allowing modifications, insertions, deletions, and regex operations on a source string to produce a modified version.",
  "sources": "The code reads the source string during initialization, and methods like replace, skip, insert, discard, and regex operations read and manipulate this string.",
  "sinks": "The code performs string manipulations, regex matches, and replacements, which are typical and expected. No external data sinks, network communications, or data exfiltration points are present.",
  "flows": "The source string flows through various methods where it can be read and modified; regex operations can process parts of the string for replacement or skipping. These flows are standard for a string transformation utility.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The code contains detailed docstrings and standard string manipulation methods. No dynamic code execution or suspicious code patterns are evident. The imported modules are local and seem to relate to string alignment and regex handling, with no malicious content detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a class implementation for string transformation with methods for skipping, replacing, inserting, and regex-based modifications. It primarily operates on strings with no external network or system calls. The import statements reference local modules for alignment, regex, and typing, which appear standard and benign. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code injection. The structure and functionality align with a typical string manipulation utility.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate string transformation utility with no malicious intent or suspicious behaviors. The complexity and detailed docstrings suggest it is a utility class for text processing, with no evidence of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}