{
  "purpose": "The code implements a client and server setup for managing browser automation tasks via an API, including task creation, status checking, control commands, and user prompts, using a structured API client, async operations, and a command-line interface.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters, environment variables (API key), and API responses. It also reads task instructions and structured output schemas provided by users.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if sensitive data like API keys or task outputs are improperly handled or logged. API responses and task outputs are formatted as text for display, but no code directly writes to system files, network sockets, or external endpoints beyond API requests.",
  "flows": "User inputs (instructions, task IDs) flow into API client methods which send requests to the API. API responses are processed and formatted for display or further use. The API key flows from environment variables into the client headers. Asynchronous polling checks task statuses and updates the task data accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation are present. All code appears standard, with proper API request handling and logging. No unusual code constructs or hidden behaviors are detected. No data exfiltration, system modification, or malicious network activity is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily serves as an API client wrapper with associated task management logic, including polling for task completion. It uses environment variables for API key security, and all API interactions are secured via standard HTTP methods. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage tactics are apparent. Error handling is appropriate, and all operations adhere to standard security practices. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a well-structured API client and task management system with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It functions as intended to manage browser automation tasks securely. No suspicious behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or malicious code are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}