{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for signing, verifying, and decoding JSON Web Tokens (JWT) using the JOSE standard, primarily for secure token handling and authentication.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as payload, key, token, headers, and algorithms. These are provided externally when calling functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are cryptographic operations (sign, verify), JSON decoding, and base64 decoding, which process untrusted input data. The main concern is how untrusted data may influence cryptographic functions or cause crashes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external input parameters into cryptographic signing or verification functions, with payloads and keys being processed and then used in signing or signature verification. For decoding functions, token strings are parsed and decoded, with data flowing into JSON parsing and base64 decoding.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. Usage of standard cryptographic libraries and functions appears correct. The code properly handles exceptions, without evidence of obfuscation or misleading variable names. No data exfiltration, network activity, or stealth mechanisms are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard JWT signing and verification procedures, using the 'jose' library. It correctly processes input data, encodes/decodes JSON and base64url formats, and performs cryptographic signature operations. Exception handling is comprehensive, reducing the risk of crashes. No indications of malicious intent such as backdoors, data theft, or network activity are observed. The code adheres to best practices for cryptographic operations. The functions do not hardcode secrets or perform any suspicious activity. Overall, the code is a standard implementation of JWT handling with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate JWT handling module utilizing the 'jose' library, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It securely signs and verifies tokens, with appropriate error handling and standard practices. The likelihood of malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}