{
  "purpose": "The code implements a scene detection module for video analysis, focusing on detecting scene changes and keyframes for segmenting videos.",
  "sources": "Input video file specified by input_path, external tools (ffmpeg, ffprobe) invoked via subprocess, and optional progress_callback functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or data exfiltration could occur if subprocess outputs (stderr/stdout) are mishandled, but no explicit data exfiltration is implemented.",
  "flows": "The code reads media properties via ffprobe (source), processes this data internally, and runs ffmpeg/ffprobe commands to analyze video frames (source to sink), with outputs parsed internally for scene/keyframe detection.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious network activity, no backdoors, or hidden code observed. The subprocess commands use standard tools with no obfuscated parameters. The code performs typical media analysis tasks without obfuscation or misleading constructs. No unusual code patterns or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs media probing and scene detection using external ffmpeg and ffprobe tools through subprocess calls. It parses output logs for scene change scores and keyframe information. No malicious intent such as data exfiltration, command injection, or system damage is evident. It avoids executing untrusted code or network communications outside subprocesses. The subprocess commands and data parsing are standard for media analysis, and no hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The design is consistent with legitimate video processing utilities, and the code does not contain suspicious or malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard media analysis module that utilizes ffmpeg/ffprobe for scene and keyframe detection. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or sabotage intent. No security risks or malware signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}