{
  "purpose": "Define multiple enumeration classes with constant integer values, likely for categorization or identification purposes within a larger system.",
  "sources": "Imported modules 'enum' and 'typing'; class definitions and enum members in the code.",
  "sinks": "No evident sink points where untrusted data is processed or where data leaks could occur.",
  "flows": "No data flows involving untrusted input; the code solely declares static enums.",
  "anomalies": "Unusually named classes and variables with obfuscated-like names; no comments or documentation; some duplicate values assigned to different enum members (e.g., in qUVfcCmsGKvCtBGuRwCgpfRPMpgvBFnb, 21 appears twice with different members). No external data processing or network operations; no hardcoded secrets. The naming pattern appears intentionally obfuscated, which could suggest malicious intent or an attempt to hide purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code solely consists of enum class declarations with members assigned fixed integer values. The naming conventions are non-descriptive and resemble obfuscated code. There are no functions, data processing, or I/O operations present. Notably, in 'qUVfcCmsGKvCtBGuRwCgpfRPMpgvBFnb', the value 21 is assigned to two different members, which is valid in Python enums but may indicate inconsistency or obfuscation. The overall structure shows no signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The obfuscation and naming could be for code hiding or malicious intent, but based solely on static analysis, no malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of static enum definitions with obfuscated names and inconsistent member assignments. No malicious code or security risks are directly observable. The obfuscation might be suspicious but could also be for intentional obscurity. Overall, there are no signs of malware or immediate security threats within this snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}