{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to convert numbers between different bases, including decimal to arbitrary base and arbitrary base to another base.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'num' parameter in 'n_to_m' which is a string representing a number in a certain base, and 'base_from' and 'base_to' parameters indicating source and target bases. The 'numerals' parameters are optional string inputs defining custom numerals.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'int()' conversion in 'n_to_m', which interprets the 'num' string into an integer, and the 'decimal_to_n' function, which outputs a string in the specified base. There are no network, file, or system command calls.",
  "flows": "Input string 'num' flows into 'int()' for base conversion, producing an integer, which then flows into 'decimal_to_n' to produce a string in the target base. Custom 'numerals' are used in output formatting but do not influence data flow from untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, such as obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or dynamic code execution, are present. The functions are straightforward, with proper validation of bases. No hidden behaviors or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard base conversion algorithms, including validation of input bases and handling of negative numbers. It relies on Python's built-in 'int()' for parsing the input number in 'n_to_m', which is secure if inputs are controlled. No external or network interactions are present. No suspicious or malicious code structures are detected. The code appears to be a typical utility for numerical base conversions with no malicious intent or security vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility for number base conversions with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It correctly validates input parameters and uses standard Python functions. There is no evidence of malware or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}