{
  "purpose": "The code converts numbers between arbitrary bases, supporting bases greater than 36 with custom numerals, and handles negative numbers.",
  "sources": "The code reads input in the form of number strings (parameter 'num' in n_to_m) and integers (parameters 'num' and 'base_to' in decimal_to_n, 'base_from' and 'base_to' in n_to_m). It also reads 'numerals' and 'numerals_to' parameters for custom numeral systems.",
  "sinks": "The code converts and returns number strings; it uses 'int()' with 'num' and 'base_from' which could potentially evaluate untrusted input, but only in a controlled manner. No output or data leakage mechanisms are present. No external system calls, network connections, or file operations are used.",
  "flows": "Input string 'num' is converted to decimal via int(), then passed to decimal_to_n() which processes it into a different base string. Negative values are handled explicitly. The numerals parameters are used for base conversion but do not involve any system or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or suspicious strings are present. The code uses standard Python functions for base conversions. The numerals parameters are flexible, but this is standard for base conversion functions. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides safe and straightforward number base conversions, relying solely on Python's int() for parsing and recursive functions for conversion. It includes input validation for base ranges, preventing invalid base conversions. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration methods are evident. The code does not execute external commands, access system resources, or handle sensitive data like credentials. The only potential concern could be the 'int()' function when parsing 'num', but this is standard and controlled input conversion, not a security risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears benign, performing standard base conversion operations without malicious intent or security vulnerabilities. No indicators of malware, backdoors, or supply chain attacks are present. It is a straightforward utility for number base conversions, implemented securely.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}