{
  "purpose": "This code provides mechanisms for resolving components of HTTP signatures and associated keys, used for message validation and authentication within HTTP message processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads message properties such as URL, headers, and possibly request or response objects. It also reads input parameters for methods like get_query_params.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks like network connections, file writes, or data exfiltration. The code raises exceptions and accesses message attributes but does not perform actions that could leak data or execute external commands.",
  "flows": "The flow involves resolving signature components from message attributes or headers, and potentially querying query parameters. No untrusted input is directly processed in a harmful way, nor are there any code execution or data exfiltration pathways.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward and does not contain obfuscated or malicious-looking patterns. The only minor concern is the placeholder method get_request_response, which raises NotImplementedError, but this is not malicious—merely unimplemented.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for resolving parts of HTTP messages and associated cryptographic keys. It reads message URL, headers, and parameters to produce components for signature validation. The dynamic method invocation based on component names is safe in context, as it relies on predefined component names. No suspicious code injections, hardcoded secrets, or external network activity are present. The code lacks any apparent malicious behavior or malware-related actions. It primarily manipulates message data and raises exceptions on invalid input, which is typical for such utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, non-malicious utility for handling HTTP message signatures. It does not contain malware, obfuscated code, or security vulnerabilities beyond standard exception handling. It appears safe for use, with no indication of malicious intent or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}