{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a client for the Marketo API, including token management, data export, and status polling for export jobs, likely for data synchronization or extraction purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include API responses from Marketo (JSON content), user-provided URLs, and configuration parameters (client ID, secret, limits). Environment variables are not directly used; input is mainly from API responses and function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data could be written into logs (e.g., access tokens, error messages). The code interacts with external APIs over HTTPS. No explicit data leaks or unsafe sinks identified beyond logging and API communication.",
  "flows": "Data flows from API responses (sources) through the functions that process JSON, error handling, and status polling, towards data export functions, token refresh, and job status checks. No indication of data being sent to untrusted or malicious endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains hardcoded API error messages, static limits, and placeholder exception classes. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The use of backoff decorators and logging appears standard. The function names and variable naming are obfuscated or auto-generated, but this is common in code obfuscation or generated code.",
  "analysis": "The script implements a Marketo API client with token management, rate limiting, and export job handling, including polling for job status and exporting data in CSV or JSON formats. Exception handling is included for connection and API errors. No suspicious or malicious code such as network connections to unknown hosts, data exfiltration, or backdoors detected. The hardcoded error messages and exception classes do not contain malicious content. There are no indications of code injection, data leakage, or malicious data handling. The code appears to be a standard API client with some obfuscated function names, possibly for code protection or obfuscation, but nothing malicious is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard API client for Marketo with token management and data export capabilities. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks were identified. The obfuscation is limited to variable and function naming and does not indicate malicious intent. The code is generally safe, with typical API interaction patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}