{
  "purpose": "The code appears to set up warning filters to ignore specific deprecation and warning messages, and imports a version variable from an external module, likely for version tracking in a framework for FAI algorithms development.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from warning filter configurations and an import statement fetching '__version__' from 'fragile.version'.",
  "sinks": "There are no obvious sinks that could lead to data leaks or malicious effects. No untrusted input handling or insecure operations are present.",
  "flows": "Warning filter configurations are static and do not involve data flow from external sources. The import of __version__ is a straightforward read operation.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes multiple warning suppression filters, which can obscure deprecation warnings and potentially hide problematic code behaviors or future incompatibilities. Comments suggest some imports are currently commented out, but that alone is not suspicious. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily configures warning filters to suppress specific messages related to deprecated features and library updates. It imports only a version identifier from an external module. No input parsing, no dynamic execution, no network activity, and no evidence of malicious intent. The suppression of warnings can be considered a best practice or an attempt to silence deprecation notices, but it does not introduce security vulnerabilities by itself. The commented-out imports indicate incomplete or modular code structure but do not indicate malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign configuration setup intended to suppress specific warnings and track version info. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks present. The main concern is that warning suppression may hide important deprecation notices, but this does not constitute a security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}