{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this code is to provide a Python package for comparing pandas DataFrames, with extensions for Spark, Polars, Snowflake, and other data processing frameworks. It facilitates data comparison, reporting, and statistical analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads import statements from various modules and external libraries such as platform, warnings, and numpy. It also accesses platform.python_version_tuple() and numpy.__version__ to determine environment details.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data, network operations, or sensitive data leaks are present. The code does not perform any network communication, file writing, or handle untrusted input data directly.",
  "flows": "The code flows from environment checks (Python version and numpy version) to conditional warnings and dynamic import of a module (SparkPandasCompare) based on environment conditions.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or unusual dynamic code execution are present. The warnings about unsupported Python and numpy versions are standard environment checks. The import statements are straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a package's module with import statements, version checks, and conditional warnings. It dynamically adds the SparkPandasCompare class based on environment conditions. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as code injection, network communication, or data exfiltration. The use of warnings is benign, alerting users to compatibility issues. The module imports are standard and do not involve any suspicious or hidden behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate package setup for data comparison utilities with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It includes environment checks and conditional imports, which are standard practice. There are no suspicious or malicious patterns detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}