{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a utility module for Pulumi SDK integrations, managing resource and invoke options, dynamic imports, versioning, and resource registration.",
  "sources": "Environment variables accessed via get_env, importlib.metadata.version, sys.modules, importlib.util.find_spec, and sys.getenv",
  "sinks": "Potential injection points are limited; no direct data sinks for untrusted data are identified. Dynamic imports could be manipulated if inputs are untrusted.",
  "flows": "Environment variables or package metadata flow into versioning and configuration functions; dynamic import paths could be influenced by external input, but no direct execution of untrusted data is present.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs dynamic import mechanisms (lazy_import, _lazy_import_temp) which could be misused if module names are manipulated externally; however, these are internal utilities. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated code or suspicious constructs are identified. The comment warnings and version management are standard.",
  "analysis": "The script is a set of utility functions for Pulumi SDK integration, including environment variable access, version parsing, dynamic module import, resource registration, and decorators. It uses standard libraries and Pulumi SDK calls, with no evidence of malicious code, payloads, or command execution based on provided code. The dynamic import functions could be risky if input paths are manipulated externally, but in the context of this module, they are internal utilities. There are no signs of data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful actions. The code is straightforward, with no suspicious behaviors or anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a utility module for Pulumi resource management, version handling, and dynamic imports. It contains no malicious intent or malware, and no security risks are evident from the provided code. The dynamic import mechanism warrants cautious handling but is internally controlled. Overall, the code is benign and intended for legitimate SDK support.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}