{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and classes for integrating Pulumi with Python, handling versioning, resource registration, environment variable retrieval, and decorator functionalities for Pulumi resource management.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (get_env, get_env_bool, get_env_int, get_env_float), importlib.metadata for package version, JSON input parameters (resource_modules, resource_packages), and standard library modules (os, sys, inspect, warnings).",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or security issues could occur if untrusted input is used directly in resource or provider construction without validation, but the code mainly manages resource definitions and version info. No direct data sinks like network communication, file write, or execution of untrusted code are present.",
  "flows": "Input sources like JSON strings and environment variables flow into resource and module registration functions, with potential flow into resource construction via lazy_import and dynamic attribute access. No suspicious source-to-sink data flow detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual code patterns observed. The only potential concern is the use of get_env functions that read environment variables, but they are standard utility functions and do not process untrusted data maliciously. The code was generated by a Pulumi tool, indicating a standard resource management purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages resource registration, versioning, and dynamic importation for Pulumi providers and modules. It includes functions for environment variable retrieval, version parsing and conversion, and resource construction via lazy loading. No embedded malicious code, such as network calls, system modifications, or backdoors, are present. The use of JSON inputs for resource modules and packages could be a point if external untrusted data is passed, but the code itself doesn't perform unsafe operations on this data. All dynamic imports and attribute access are standard for plugin systems and do not appear malicious. The warning about the generated nature of the code suggests it is boilerplate for Pulumi resources.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a generated utility library for Pulumi resource and module management. It performs version handling, resource registration, environment variable access, and dynamic importing in a standard manner. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. The use of environment variables and JSON inputs is typical and not inherently risky, assuming external data is trusted or properly validated outside this code. Overall, it poses no security threat based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}