{
  "purpose": "Implements Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) push notifications within a Django project, handling device models, message formatting, and network communication with FCM API.",
  "sources": "Django settings for configuration (FCM_APIKEY, FCM_MAX_RECIPIENTS, FCM_DEVICE_MODEL), input message data, and recipient list.",
  "sinks": "HTTP POST request to https://fcm.googleapis.com/fcm/send with JSON payload containing message data and registration IDs.",
  "flows": "Configuration values are read from settings -> message data is formatted into JSON -> POST request sent to FCM endpoint -> response processed.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable and class names, dynamic model loading, hardcoded FCM URL, minimal validation, potential difficulty in analysis due to obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a standard FCM notification sender within Django, with obfuscation that complicates readability but does not indicate malicious intent. It loads configuration from settings, batches recipient IDs, constructs JSON payloads, and sends requests to the FCM API. Error handling is present for registration errors. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious network activity are detected. The obfuscation appears to be for concealment or internal coding style rather than malicious purposes. The network endpoint is standard, and the API key is fetched from configuration, reducing risk of hardcoded secrets. Overall, the code aligns with legitimate push notification functionality, with obfuscation being the primary concern but not evidence of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Firebase Cloud Messaging client within a Django environment. Obfuscation is notable but not indicative of malicious intent. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling are present. The primary concern is the obfuscation, which could hinder analysis or hide malicious code if present. Scores: malware 0, obfuscated 0.6, security risk 0.2.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}