{
  "purpose": "The code is a setup script for a Python package named 'nsy28wmdxe9r5v2j', intended to facilitate package installation, testing, and distribution.",
  "sources": "Reads README.rst and LICENSE files, imports setup and testing modules, and defines a custom test command.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe if any untrusted input is used in file paths or executed code, but in this case, static strings and imports are used.",
  "flows": "Reads external files (README and LICENSE), defines a test command class that executes pytest, and calls setup() to install package.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of obfuscated variable names and some inconsistent code patterns, such as dynamic import fallback and unusual class/method names. The 'sys.hyTvIBKqGbShStREBfysTqaXZUFdrwir' attribute suggests obfuscation or corruption, as it likely intended to be 'sys.version_info'. The try-except for import suggests an attempt to obfuscate or hide behavior, but no malicious code is directly evident.",
  "analysis": "The script attempts to read README and LICENSE files with version-dependent code, but the attribute 'sys.hyTvIBKqGbShStREBfysTqaXZUFdrwir' appears to be a corrupted or intentionally obfuscated version of 'sys.version_info'. The fallback to default values mitigates risks from this. It imports setup tools and defines a custom test command that runs pytest. The use of obfuscated variable names and dynamic import fallback might be suspicious, but the core functionality is typical for a setup script. No evidence of malicious actions like data exfiltration, system modification, or network activity is present. The code appears to be intentionally obfuscated or distorted, but the actual operations are standard for package setup and testing.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a complex but standard setup script with obfuscated variables and some code style anomalies. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The obfuscation appears intentional but does not indicate harmful intent. Overall, the script is safe but slightly suspicious due to naming and structure anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}