{
  "purpose": "The code implements OAuth2 authentication workflows for Salesforce APIs, with classes for obtaining and refreshing access tokens.",
  "sources": "Input sources include environment variables (via class attributes) and network requests to Salesforce OAuth endpoints.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to external OAuth token URLs, and updating headers with authorization tokens.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment variables and function parameters into network request payloads, with tokens stored in class attributes and used in request headers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident; code structure appears standard. The class and method names are obfuscated or non-descriptive, but this alone is not suspicious. Use of exception classes with obfuscated names is unusual but not inherently malicious. JSON parsing is standard, with no evident data leakage. Imports from obscure or obfuscated modules, but their usage seems legitimate for async network operations.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for OAuth token management, specifically for Salesforce. The classes handle token retrieval and refresh, with network calls to login endpoints. The tokens are stored in class attributes and used for authorization headers. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible; parameters such as client IDs and secrets are passed during initialization, which is typical for OAuth clients. The class names and method names are obfuscated, possibly to hinder straightforward understanding, but the functionality aligns with standard OAuth procedures. Network interactions are straightforward POST requests with JSON payloads. No signs of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious commands are present. The exception handling is typical for network errors. No suspicious code injection, data leaks, or hidden behaviors are detected. The code's obfuscation appears superficial and does not conceal malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to implement legitimate OAuth token management for Salesforce integration without evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. Obfuscated naming is likely for code protection but does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the package seems benign based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}