{
  "purpose": "This code implements OAuth2 authentication classes for Salesforce API access, supporting token retrieval via password and refresh token flows.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from method parameters such as client_id, client_secret, username, password, refresh_token; and environment variables set during class instantiation.",
  "sinks": "The code updates request headers with authorization tokens and performs network requests to OAuth token endpoints, as well as JSON deserialization of responses.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (client credentials, username/password, refresh tokens) are used to make HTTP POST requests to OAuth endpoints. Responses containing tokens update class state and headers for subsequent requests.",
  "anomalies": "Hardcoded URLs for OAuth endpoints, unusual variable names, and redundant class attributes. No clear hardcoded secrets or credentials. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines OAuth token management classes for Salesforce integration, with methods to request tokens via password and refresh token flows. It performs network requests using aiohttp, handles token storage, and updates headers for authenticated requests. No suspicious code patterns, obfuscated logic, or malicious network activity are apparent. The only potential concern is the use of hardcoded URLs, which is typical for OAuth implementations and not inherently malicious. No evidence of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious behavior was found. The code appears to be standard SDK or integration code for Salesforce OAuth, with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate OAuth2 authentication implementation for Salesforce, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles tokens securely and performs expected network interactions. No malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}