{
  "purpose": "This code provides mechanisms to load and document Python objects such as modules, classes, functions, methods, and attributes for documentation generation purposes.",
  "sources": "Reading source code via inspect.getsource, inspecting modules, classes, functions, and attributes, reading files directly with Path.read_text, and dynamically importing modules with importlib.import_module.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include usage of inspect.getsource, inspect.getabsfile, Path.read_text, importlib.import_module, getattr, and eval-like functions for dynamic attribute access. These can be exploited if combined with untrusted input, especially in get_object_tree and source reading functions.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (dotted_path) flows through get_object_tree, which dynamically imports modules and retrieves nested objects; source code reading functions like inspect.getsource and Path.read_text can be exploited if the input path or module contains malicious code or paths.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious patterns detected. The code mainly performs standard introspection and dynamic module loading. Usage of importlib.import_module and getattr on potentially untrusted paths is notable, but it is a necessary part of the functionality. The code broadly avoids executing untrusted code directly. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious logic present.",
  "analysis": "The code relies heavily on dynamic import and attribute access, which can be risky if 'dotted_path' or module paths are untrusted. However, it performs standard introspection and source code reading, with no evidence of malicious payloads or backdoors. No unsafe code injections or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. Usage of importlib.import_module and getattr is typical for such tools, with no sign of malicious intent. The exception handling ensures robustness, not malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate documentation loader with no malicious features.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured documentation loader for Python objects, utilizing common introspection techniques. No malicious behavior or sabotage is evident. Its reliance on dynamic module and attribute loading could pose security concerns if used with untrusted input, but within the context of a documentation generator, this is typical. Overall, the code shows no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}