{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes for serializing and deserializing data types, likely for data transformation or communication purposes, with support for various data formats and transformations.",
  "sources": "No direct external data sources are read within this code; data inputs come from method parameters during serialization/deserialization processes.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe sinks include the use of ast.literal_eval on string inputs, which could evaluate malicious expressions if input is untrusted. Other than that, the code mainly manipulates data internally without executing untrusted code or writing to system resources.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into serialization/deserialization methods, with type-based conversions performed via mapping functions. The flow from source to sink involves passing data into functions like _to_number, _to_string, etc., which process the data based on type and function parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials observed. Use of ast.literal_eval can be risky if input is untrusted, as it can evaluate arbitrary expressions. No dynamic code execution, no network operations, and no suspicious file handling detected. The code appears to be a structured data transformer with no hidden or malicious behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured approach to serializing and deserializing various data types with configurable mappings. The use of ast.literal_eval is a potential concern if input data is untrusted, as it can evaluate malicious code expressions. However, ast.literal_eval is generally considered safe for evaluating literals only, and no other suspicious code, network activity, or file system operations are present. The rest of the code is standard, with no signs of backdoors, obfuscation, or malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to serve a legitimate purpose related to data transformation, with a minor concern around handling untrusted input in _to_number.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a data serialization/deserialization utility with no clear malicious behavior. The main security concern is the use of ast.literal_eval on potentially untrusted input, which should be carefully validated before use. No evidence of malware, backdoors, or sabotage is observed. Overall risk is low, with a confidence of 0.8 due to the reliance on input data safety.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}