{
  "purpose": "This code provides a decorator for HTTP request error handling, wrapping session methods to log calls and handle errors gracefully within the context of a Feast repository configuration.",
  "sources": "Reads input from 'config.auth_config' passed to the wrapped function, and from the session method calls (get, post, put, delete). It also reads responses from HTTP requests made via the session object.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points are the response.json() calls used in error handling and the session method calls that could handle untrusted input if misused elsewhere. The code writes logs and raises exceptions based on response content.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the session method calls to response handling; if errors occur, response.json() is used to generate exceptions. Data from external sources (HTTP responses) is processed and possibly logged or used to raise exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "The code directly calls response.json() within exception handling without validation, which could potentially be exploited if responses are maliciously crafted. The dynamic reassignment of session methods is unusual but not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is designed to wrap HTTP session methods (get, post, put, delete) to include error handling and logging. It obtains a session via get_http_auth_requests_session, then decorates the methods to log call details and handle HTTP errors by parsing JSON error details. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The dynamic method replacement is slightly unconventional but serves the purpose of error handling. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious backdoors. The usage of response.json() without validation could be risky if responses are maliciously manipulated, but this is standard practice in error handling. The code does not perform any network connections outside of HTTP requests, nor does it include obfuscated or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard HTTP error handling wrapper with logging. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware, though the direct use of response.json() in error handling could be risky if responses are maliciously crafted. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate utility for managing HTTP session errors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}