{
  "purpose": "Manage storage and retrieval of connection data, including updates and deletions, for application connections.",
  "sources": "Input data via method parameters (application_id, connection_data, key, value). Reads from connectionStorage and key_storage_helper. No external untrusted data sources directly evident.",
  "sinks": "Write operations via self.connectionStorage.create, store_connection, delete, and key_storage_helper.delete_key_in_storage. Read operations from connectionStorage.read and key_storage_helper.storage_key_count.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (application_id, connection_data) flow into create/update methods, which then access storage components. Data flows from storage reads into code, and modifications are written back to storage. Connection data is also retrieved and augmented with key counts.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No suspicious external network calls or data leaks. The code relies on imported classes for storage but does not show their implementation. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. Minor typo in method name 'update_connnection' but not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a singleton pattern for managing connection storage, with methods for storing, updating, retrieving, and deleting connections. It interacts with external storage classes, which are not shown. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden code. The only potential concern is the absence of input validation, but that alone does not indicate malicious intent. No sensitive information handling is visible that could lead to data leaks. The code structure appears straightforward and typical for a storage helper module.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard storage management helper with no evident malicious intent or malicious code patterns. It does not perform any suspicious actions like data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}