{
  "purpose": "This module provides structures and parsing functions for Kerberos protocol messages, mainly used for debugging and understanding Kerberos ASN.1 encoded data.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include ASN.1 encoded bytes from Kerberos messages and possibly external inputs fed into the parsing functions. Data is read primarily during unpacking ASN.1 structures.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the unpacking functions that decode ASN.1 data into Python objects. No direct data leakage or unsafe execution points are present; the code processes bytes and ASN.1 data for debugging, not for executing untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from raw ASN.1 byte sequences or ASN1Value objects through unpacking functions that interpret and decode into structured Python objects. No dangerous or unvalidated external data flows into system commands or sensitive system areas.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs ASN.1 parsing and decoding of Kerberos messages without any evident anomalies or hardcoded secrets. No suspicious code execution, backdoors, or hardcoded credentials are detected. The use of base64 encoding is for display purposes, not for execution or sensitive operations.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly handles ASN.1 parsing and data decoding according to RFC specifications for Kerberos messages. It uses safe parsing functions and well-defined ASN.1 structures. No execution of external code, network connections, or file operations is present. It is solely a decoding library meant for debugging or analysis. The use of classes and enums aligns with standard protocol handling; there are no signs of malicious code or obfuscation. The code does not perform any network activity, system calls, or secret handling outside ASN.1 parsing. All data processed appears to be from external Kerberos messages and is handled in a read-only manner.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured ASN.1 decoder for Kerberos messages, used for debugging or inspection. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. It only interprets and decodes protocol messages without executing any untrusted code or performing harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}