{
  "purpose": "The code performs symbolic calculations related to crystallography, lattice parameters, and symmetry operations, primarily for scientific analysis in material science.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from symbolic variables, function substitutions, and input parameters such as crystal system, lattice constants, and experimental data arrays.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data could flow into symbolic expressions via substitutions and derivatives, but there are no external sinks like network connections, file writes, or system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into symbolic expressions, derivatives, and iterative calculations, with substitutions and symbolic differentiation acting as the main source-to-sink pathways. No external data leaks or system effects are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily symbolic and mathematical, with complex iterative loops and random decision points, but no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or suspicious data handling. The randomness appears to be for iterative convergence, not malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a scientific module for crystallography calculations involving symbolic mathematics. It uses sympy for derivatives and substitutions, with iterative loops for convergence. No network activity, file I/O, or system commands are present. The complexity and symbolic nature are typical for scientific software, not malicious code. The randomness in decision points is likely for iterative convergence or parameter variation, not malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious payloads are detected. The code's purpose aligns with legitimate scientific computation, and there are no signs of malicious sabotage or data exfiltration.",
  "conclusion": "The code is legitimate scientific software for crystallography calculations. It does not contain malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security risks. The low malware and obfuscation scores are appropriate, and the overall security risk is minimal. The assessments provided are accurate and consistent with the code's purpose and behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}