{
  "purpose": "The code defines a decorator for sending start, end, and error notifications via webhooks to various messaging platforms (Mattermost, Slack, Discord). It facilitates monitoring of function execution with notification messages.",
  "sources": "Webhook URL input parameter, function identifier, user_id, custom_message, and function result or error messages.",
  "sinks": "Sending POST requests to specified webhook URLs, potentially leaking notification messages if webhook URLs are malicious or compromised.",
  "flows": "Decorator captures function execution, constructs notification messages, then sends them via HTTP POST requests to the webhook URL. Error handling may send error details and user mentions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code performs standard notification functions. No obfuscated code or suspicious patterns are present. The error message cleaning for SQL errors is benign but could potentially mask sensitive info if logs contain SQL data.",
  "analysis": "The code is a monitoring decorator that notifies via webhooks on function start, success, or failure. It accepts user input for webhook URL, function identity, user mentions, and platform. The webhook message formatting adapts based on platform. The send_webhook_message function constructs payloads and performs HTTP POST requests with error handling. No malicious code or suspicious logic is found. The main risk involves reliance on external webhook URLs, which if malicious or compromised, could lead to data leakage or denial of notifications. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or harmful actions. The code is clean, straightforward, and consistent with standard monitoring practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a notification decorator with no evident malicious intent or malicious behavior. It could pose a security risk if webhook URLs are compromised, but the code itself does not contain malicious actions or backdoors. It is a benign monitoring utility.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}