{
  "purpose": "Fetches YAML configuration data from an external URL during package installation, falling back to default if fetch fails, then writes the configuration to a local file.",
  "sources": "urllib.request.urlopen() call to external URL, yaml.load() parsing the fetched data, open() writing to local config.yaml file.",
  "sinks": "Writing parsed YAML data to a file in the user's home directory.",
  "flows": "External URL fetch -> yaml.load() parsing -> file write of configuration data.",
  "anomalies": "Use of yaml.load() without specifying safe_load(), external URL hardcoded, fetch during install which could be manipulated.",
  "analysis": "The code performs an external network request during installation, which introduces supply chain risk. The fetched YAML is parsed with yaml.load() without specifying a safe loader, potentially allowing malicious YAML to execute arbitrary code if served. No active malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration are present. The fallback configuration is benign. The main security concern is the unsafe YAML parsing combined with external data fetch, which could be exploited if the URL is compromised. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation. Given these factors, the malware likelihood is low, but the potential for deserialization vulnerabilities exists. The external fetch increases attack surface, and unsafe parsing could lead to code execution if YAML content is malicious. Therefore, the malware score is set to 0.2, reflecting deserialization risk, and the security risk score is elevated to 0.7 due to external dependency and unsafe parsing practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not contain active malware or obfuscation but poses a significant supply chain and deserialization risk due to fetching external YAML data during installation and parsing it with yaml.load() without safety measures. These issues could be exploited if the external URL is compromised, leading to potential remote code execution. The overall security risk is moderate to high, but malware is unlikely unless the YAML content is maliciously crafted. Recommended mitigations include using yaml.safe_load() and avoiding external fetches during install.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.7,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}