{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and resources for managing Docker networks using Pulumi, including input types, resource initialization, and state management.",
  "sources": "Data sources include constructor parameters, class properties, and the imported modules such as pulumi, pulumi.runtime, and type hints. No external untrusted input sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "The code performs resource creation and property setting via pulumi.set and pulumi.get functions, but these are standard Pulumi SDK calls, not security-sensitive sinks. No data leaks or insecure operations are directly visible.",
  "flows": "Data flows from class constructors and property setters (input data) to Pulumi SDK functions (resource creation and state management). No external or untrusted data sources are processed in a way that leads to insecure behavior.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains an initial comment warning that it was generated by a code generation tool ('Pulumi Terraform Bridge tfgen') and explicitly advises not to edit unless certain. No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is present. The presence of comprehensive property getters/setters and resource management appears standard and legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of class definitions for input types and resource management for Docker networks using Pulumi. It follows standard patterns for resource creation, property management, and importing. The warning at the beginning indicates that the code was auto-generated, reducing likelihood of malicious intent. No external data sources, network connections, or system modifications are evident. All operations are limited to resource management within the Pulumi framework, with no signs of malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors. The code appears to be a legitimate, boilerplate SDK/resource wrapper without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Pulumi resource definition for Docker networks, generated automatically. It contains no suspicious or malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The code is intended for resource management and does not perform any insecure operations or data leaks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}