{
  "purpose": "This code defines Pulumi resource classes and argument types for managing Docker networks, including creation, lookup, and configuration of networks via Pulumi's infrastructure as code framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters via constructor arguments, class properties, and optional configuration dictionaries, primarily from user input or code calling the classes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting resource properties which are then used to create or update Docker networks, and retrieving resource properties. There are no direct data leaks or insecure data handling in this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor arguments or method parameters into resource property assignments, which are then used by Pulumi to create or manage Docker network resources. No untrusted data flows into system commands or external calls directly.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a generated, standard resource wrapper for Pulumi with typical property definitions, getters, setters, and resource initialization logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. No obfuscated language features or misleading variables are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical Pulumi resource class implementation for Docker networks. It includes type annotations, property definitions, resource initialization, and import mechanisms. All data flows seem to be from user inputs into resource configurations, with no malicious handling or dangerous data processing detected. The initial comment warns about code generation but does not indicate malicious intent. No network calls, file manipulations, or system modifications are present that could be exploited. The code is purely declarative and infrastructural.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, generated Pulumi resource wrapper for Docker networks, with no signs of malicious behavior or security issues. It adheres to typical patterns for infrastructure as code resources, and no suspicious activities are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}