{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes for creating and managing Docker network resources using Pulumi's infrastructure as code framework, including input properties, state management, and resource initialization.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to class constructors, property setters, and getter methods that read or set resource configuration data.",
  "sinks": "Resource initialization, property getters, and setters that ultimately send data to Pulumi's resource management system, but no untrusted external data is directed outside the Pulumi context.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow from user-defined arguments into resource properties; data is used internally for resource creation, updates, and lookups within Pulumi's framework.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code constructs, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are present. The code strictly adheres to Pulumi's resource definition patterns and includes generated comments. No obfuscated or dynamic execution features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Pulumi resource implementation for Docker networks, including input, state, and resource management classes. It uses type annotations, property getters/setters, and resource initialization logic consistent with Pulumi's SDK. There are no signs of malicious intent, such as network exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors. The generated comments and structure indicate it was produced by a code generation tool, not manually altered or malicious. It does not perform any network communications, file modifications, or privilege escalations outside Pulumi's resource orchestration. No hardcoded secrets or insecure patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Pulumi resource implementation for Docker networks. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It appears to be auto-generated code that strictly manages infrastructure configuration without performing any harmful actions. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}