{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for string processing, including case matching, splitting camelCase, tokenization, removing special characters and stopwords, case transformation, and separator guessing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as tokens, strings, and match_case_list; it also imports constants, utilities, and NLP components from external modules.",
  "sinks": "The code processes data internally with no evident sinks that send untrusted data over networks or write to system files. It does not perform any network operations or file writes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through regex and list comprehensions for processing and transformation, with no external output or network communication.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes no suspicious logic, backdoors, hardcoded credentials, or obfuscated patterns. It uses standard regex for splitting and tokenization, and NLP stop words for filtering. No dynamic code execution or hidden behavior is present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of well-structured utility functions for string processing tasks. All regex patterns are standard for splitting words and removing special characters. The stopword removal utilizes spaCy's NLP library, which is a common approach. There are no external data leaks, network calls, or system modifications. The functions operate purely on input data and do not include any suspicious code paths or malicious logic. There is no evidence of code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. Overall, the code appears to serve legitimate string processing purposes without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of string utility functions with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs standard operations such as tokenization, case matching, and splitting with no external communication or hidden functionality. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}