{
  "purpose": "Defines a graph data structure with nodes and edges, and provides a rendering function to visualize the graph using an external renderer module.",
  "sources": "Input data includes node identifiers, edge connections, and the filename parameter for output.",
  "sinks": "The filename parameter specifies the output file; external renderer import could execute code if compromised.",
  "flows": "Data flows from node and edge addition to the rendering process; filename is used as output destination; external renderer executes during render.",
  "anomalies": "Use of relative import (.renderer) and filename parameter may pose risks if external modules are malicious or inputs are unsanitized.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a graph with methods to add nodes and edges, and a plot function that delegates rendering to an external module. No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or network activity are present. The relative import of the renderer module could be a concern if the module is malicious, and the filename parameter could be manipulated to overwrite files or perform directory traversal if not sanitized externally. However, these are common patterns and do not inherently indicate malicious intent. The malware score is 0, as there is no evidence of malicious behavior. The obfuscation score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The security risk score is low (around 0.1 to 0.2), primarily due to reliance on external modules and filename handling, which should be verified in deployment. Overall, the code appears benign and safe, with no signs of malicious activity or obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard graph management and rendering utility. No malicious or obfuscated code is detected. The main considerations are verifying the external renderer module's trustworthiness and sanitizing filename inputs in production. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.1 to 0.2, reflecting minimal concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}