{
  "purpose": "The code primarily defines data structures (TypedDicts) and imports necessary modules for interacting with AWS services, particularly SQS, SNS, and related AWS SDK components. It serves as part of a larger SDK or application handling message queue operations.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard library (`sys`, `typing`, `collections.abc`, `builtins`), and local literals (e.g., `NLFBpDYotvwaJhJtTgsaNISeBPmHLyUA`, etc.)",
  "sinks": "No obvious sink points such as network calls, system commands, or file operations; code mainly defines data types and constants.",
  "flows": "No data flow from untrusted sources to sinks is identifiable; the code only sets up types and imports without executing logic.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic typing with Union and NotRequired types, and complex import structure, could obscure malicious activity, but these are typical for large SDKs. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The literals imported are unnamed and their content is unknown, which could potentially hide malicious data, but this is not certain.",
  "analysis": "The code is mainly composed of type definitions and imports. It imports external modules and defines multiple TypedDict classes for AWS SDK interactions, such as SQS and SNS messages and responses. The code does not execute any operations, system calls, or network requests, and no embedded secrets or code injections are visible. The imported literals are not shown, so their content remains unknown, which could theoretically conceal malicious data, but based solely on the visible code, there are no signs of malicious behavior. The structure is consistent with a large SDK or API wrapper. No signs of obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident. The code's purpose appears to be standard data structure definitions for AWS messaging services.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a set of type definitions and import statements used for AWS service interactions, with no immediate signs of malicious behavior or security risks. There are no embedded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code flows. The presence of complex import patterns and unknown literals warrants a low confidence in ruling out all malicious intent, but based on this code fragment alone, it appears benign.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}