{
  "purpose": "Provides functionality to fetch, list, and extract ZIP files from remote sources using HTTP range requests, supporting partial data retrieval and CLI operations.",
  "sources": "HTTP requests to fetch remote ZIP data, reading from network streams, user input via CLI arguments",
  "sinks": "Extraction of ZIP contents to local filesystem, reading remote data streams",
  "flows": "HTTP range requests -> remote data streams -> ZIP extraction functions",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded credentials, obfuscation, or backdoors detected; standard network and file handling",
  "analysis": "The code implements a legitimate remote ZIP utility, utilizing range requests for partial data fetching, with proper error handling and standard libraries. No malicious behaviors, obfuscation, or suspicious network activity are present. The primary security consideration is the handling of untrusted ZIP files, which could contain malicious payloads if used improperly. The code itself does not perform any malicious actions such as executing code, exfiltrating data, or establishing backdoors. The malware score is correctly set to 0, as there is no evidence of malicious intent. The obfuscation score is 0, reflecting clear and straightforward code. The security risk score is slightly elevated (0.2 to 0.3) in some reports to account for the inherent risk of processing untrusted archives, not due to malicious code within the script. Overall, the code is safe, and the scores are consistent with its behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate remote ZIP handling utility with no malicious or obfuscated components. The main security concern is the potential misuse when handling untrusted ZIP files, which is a general risk rather than a flaw in the code. The current malware score of 0 and obfuscation score of 0 are appropriate. The security risk score of 0.2 to 0.3 accurately reflects the inherent risk of processing untrusted archives without validation. No modifications are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}