{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to extract text content from various file formats (PDF, DOCX, PPTX, XLSX, XLS, TXT, ODT, HTML, XML, SVG) for processing or analysis purposes.",
  "sources": "File buffers read from disk or network input, identified via MIME type or file extension, used to determine appropriate extraction method.",
  "sinks": "The extracted text is returned as strings; no immediate data leakage or system modification occurs within the extraction functions. However, reading files from untrusted sources could lead to processing maliciously crafted files.",
  "flows": "Input file buffer → MIME type detection → selected extraction function → text extraction → output string.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'magic' to detect MIME types based on file content is standard. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. No suspicious network activity or obfuscated code is present. The commented-out RTF extraction hints at incomplete or unused code, which could be benign or a potential area for future malicious extension, but currently does not pose a risk.",
  "analysis": "The code reads various file types using standard libraries and techniques, safely extracting text content. The use of 'magic' for MIME type detection is common but could be exploited if malicious files have misleading headers or content. No code injects or executes untrusted code; all functions process data passively. The only potential concern is processing highly malicious files that could exploit parsing libraries, but this is inherent to handling untrusted files and not specific to this code. There are no backdoors, network connections, or data exfiltration mechanisms present. The code appears purely for text extraction purposes with no malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for safe text extraction from various formats, with no evident malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles multiple formats robustly and passively, with no suspicious network activity or hidden backdoors. The only risk relates to processing malicious files that could exploit library vulnerabilities, which is a general concern when handling untrusted data but not specific to this implementation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}