{
  "purpose": "This code provides a flexible string formatting system using custom expressions and functions, primarily to process and format data based on a schema or row input.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from 'row' parameters, accessed via resolve_field; expressions are parsed from pattern strings; environment variables are not used; external inputs are limited to pattern strings and rows.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the application of functions and attribute calls during 'apply_expr', which could execute user-defined functions if improperly restricted; no network, file, or system commands are directly invoked.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'row' flows into 'resolve_field' and then into 'apply_expr', where AST parsing and method calls occur, eventually producing formatted strings. No external network or file I/O is present.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'ast.parse' to evaluate expressions is potentially risky if expressions are user-controlled; however, only specific allowed functions are executed, which mitigates code injection risks. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a custom string formatter that parses patterns, extracts fields, and applies safe functions defined in ALLOWED_FUNCS. It uses AST parsing to interpret expressions securely, only allowing predefined functions such as string methods and custom functions like 'words' and 'remove_accents'. The resolve_field method securely maps field names or indices to data. The pattern formatting handles optional expressions gracefully. No malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage indicators are detected. The AST parsing restricts execution to allowed functions, reducing code injection risk. Overall, the code appears to be a safe, controlled string formatting utility with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, safe string formatter that uses controlled AST evaluation and a whitelist of functions. It does not contain malicious code or suspicious behavior. The main concern is the use of AST parsing with user-controlled patterns, but this is mitigated by the strict function whitelist. Overall, it appears secure and free from malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}