{
  "purpose": "This code provides a class for pattern-based string formatting using custom expressions and allowed functions, primarily for data transformation or templating purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data from 'row' parameter in methods 'resolve_field' and 'apply_expr'; expression string 'expr' in 'apply_expr'; pattern string in 'format'.",
  "sinks": "String concatenation in 'format'; dynamic function calls via 'visit_Call'; potential error handling in 'apply_expr'.",
  "flows": "Expressions parsed from 'expr' are evaluated, with data read from 'row' and functions from 'ALLOWED_FUNCS'; formatted pattern is built by concatenating literals and evaluated expressions.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'ast.parse' to evaluate string expressions introduces potential risks if untrusted expressions are processed, though only whitelisted functions are permitted. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code does not perform network operations or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a pattern formatter that interprets expressions within a template string. It uses 'ast' to parse and evaluate expressions, resolving variables from 'row' based on schema or positional indices. Allowed functions are limited to safe string operations and custom functions like 'words' and 'remove_accents'. The use of 'ast' with a whitelist mitigates typical injection risks, but if untrusted patterns or expressions are supplied, it could theoretically allow for complex expression evaluation. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The code does not interact with external systems, files, or networks. Overall, it appears to be a controlled templating mechanism with safeguards.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe pattern formatting utility with limited expression evaluation. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. The primary concern is ensuring that only trusted patterns are processed, as 'ast' evaluation can be risky if misused, but the whitelist of functions helps mitigate this. Overall, it appears secure with a low malware likelihood.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}