{
  "purpose": "The code defines two functions to initialize Spark sessions with specific configurations, primarily for processing data on AWS S3 and using Delta Lake and Hive metastore integrations.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables 'AWS_DEFAULT_REGION' and 'GLUE_CATALOG_ID'. It also accepts parameters for driver memory configuration.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks identified; no data is written or transmitted in this code snippet.",
  "flows": "Environment variables are used in configuration settings within the second function; no user input or external data flows are explicitly present.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses environment variables directly in Spark configuration, which is standard but can pose risk if environment is untrusted. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. The code employs obfuscated-like variable names, but this appears to be an obfuscation attempt rather than malicious intent. No suspicious code execution or external network connections are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily focused on setting up Spark sessions with specific configurations for AWS S3 access, Delta Lake, and Hive metastore support. The use of environment variables for AWS region and Glue catalog ID is standard practice. Variable names are deliberately obscure, possibly to hinder readability, but the logic is straightforward. No data leaks, credential theft, or malicious network activity are detected. The code does not include any suspicious or malicious actions such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads. The configuration settings are typical for Spark jobs working with cloud storage and metadata services.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate setup for Spark sessions with AWS and Delta Lake integrations. No signs of malicious behavior or malware are observed. The obfuscated variable names are suspicious but seem to serve to hinder code readability rather than indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code is low risk from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}