{
  "purpose": "Provide sentiment analysis functionality by calling an external SQL function within the Snowflake environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments 'text' (which can be a string or Snowpark column), and session parameters; also calls 'call_sql_function' which likely involves executing SQL code.",
  "sinks": "The 'call_sql_function' executes SQL with user-provided 'text', potentially leading to SQL injection if 'call_sql_function' does not sanitize inputs properly.",
  "flows": "Input 'text' flows into 'call_sql_function' through the '_sentiment_impl' function, which then executes the SQL function, returning either a Snowpark Column or a float after casting.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'call_sql_function' raises concern; it depends on whether this function properly sanitizes inputs. The code itself does not handle or sanitize user input directly, relying on external function. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscation present. Deprecated decorator is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a sentiment analysis function that delegates execution to 'call_sql_function'. This function's behavior is crucial: if it constructs SQL queries directly with user inputs without sanitization, it could pose SQL injection risks. The code uses type annotations and deprecation warnings appropriately. There are no indications of malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The overall design appears to be a standard API wrapper for SQL-based ML inference, with no evidence of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward wrapper around an SQL function for sentiment analysis. Its security depends on the implementation of 'call_sql_function', which is external to this code. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity are evident within this snippet. Caution should be taken to ensure 'call_sql_function' sanitizes inputs properly to prevent SQL injection.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}