{
  "purpose": "Provides a wrapper to execute shell commands with optional environment variables and timeout, dynamically choosing between /bin/bash and /bin/sh.",
  "sources": "The 'command' string passed to subprocess_run, environment variables 'env_vars', and the optional 'timeout' parameter.",
  "sinks": "The subprocess.run() call with shell=True, which executes the command potentially with untrusted input leading to command injection.",
  "flows": "Input command flows from the 'command' parameter to subprocess.run() with shell=True, where untrusted input can be executed directly in the shell environment.",
  "anomalies": "Use of shell=True without input sanitization; dynamic selection of shell executable based on file existence; no validation or sanitization of 'command'.",
  "analysis": "The code executes shell commands via subprocess.run with shell=True, which is inherently risky if the command string is derived from untrusted input. It dynamically chooses between /bin/bash and /bin/sh, which is standard. No input validation or sanitization is performed, exposing potential command injection vulnerabilities. The code does not contain malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The primary risk stems from executing arbitrary commands if untrusted input is used. The malware score is 0, as no malicious behavior is present. The security risk score varies from 0.4 to 0.75 depending on context; higher scores are justified if the command input is untrusted. The obfuscated score is 0, indicating straightforward code. The overall conclusion is that the code itself is safe but insecure if misused, especially with untrusted input, due to the use of shell=True without sanitization.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple utility for executing shell commands, but its use of shell=True without input validation introduces command injection risks. No malware or obfuscation is present. The main concern is potential misuse leading to security vulnerabilities. Scores are consistent with this assessment, with malware and obfuscated scores at 0 and a moderate to high security risk depending on input trustworthiness.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}