{
  "purpose": "This code provides various functions to extract and format test metadata for reporting purposes within pytest, such as test identifiers, status, duration, markers, parameters, and properties.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include test items (`item`) and test reports (`report`), which provide attributes like nodeid, location, status flags, long representations, markers, args, kwargs, and user properties.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present that send data to external systems or untrusted sources. The code mainly processes internal data and yields formatted strings or identifiers, with no network operations or data leakage points.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the test item and report objects through various extraction functions, which parse attributes, format values, and yield key-value pairs for reporting purposes.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behavior are present. The code appears to be standard pytest plugin utility functions. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard modules and local utility functions. It defines multiple functions to extract specific test metadata for reporting. Each function retrieves data from the input objects, processes or formats it, and yields key-value pairs. The code relies on attributes of test items and reports, such as nodeid, location, status flags, long representations, markers, args, kwargs, and user properties. No network activity, external data manipulation, or sensitive operations are present. The code seems safe and intended solely for test reporting.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of utility functions for extracting and formatting test metadata for reports. It does not contain any malicious behavior, suspicious code, or security risks. The code is standard and well-structured, serving its purpose within pytest plugins without any signs of malware or vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}