{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes for plotting statistical annotations on matplotlib axes, managing coordinate transformations, and handling plot data structures. It facilitates visualization tasks without performing external data access or network operations.",
  "sources": "Data is read from matplotlib plot elements (e.g., PathCollection, Line2D, Rectangle) and input parameters such as pairs, data, and plot configurations. No external data sources or user input streams are directly accessed.",
  "sinks": "Data flows are confined within plotting routines and coordinate transformations. There are no external data exfiltration, network communication, or file operations involved.",
  "flows": "Data is retrieved from plot elements (e.g., offsets, bounding boxes), transformed via coordinate transformation functions, and used to determine annotation positions. No external sinks or data leaks are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or unusual control flows are detected. The code uses standard libraries and practices for visualization.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured plotting utility for statistical annotations, relying on matplotlib and seaborn. It manages coordinate transformations, plot data extraction, and group handling. No network, file, or environment variable interactions are present. Data flows are local and confined to plotting routines. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or backdoors are evident. The code is well-structured, with clear class responsibilities and standard practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured plotting utility for statistical annotations. It does not contain malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The low malware and obfuscation scores are justified, and the minimal security risk score reflects the benign nature of the code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}