{
  "purpose": "The code provides introspection utilities for Django models, allowing dynamic extraction of model field definitions and metadata, primarily used for migrations or schema analysis.",
  "sources": "Reads from Django model classes, fields, and related metadata, including local_fields, local_many_to_many, and model._meta attributes.",
  "sinks": "Uses get_attribute to access field attributes, and constructs string representations for field parameters and model relations; no direct data sink or output from untrusted sources.",
  "flows": "Model classes -> field attribute access via get_attribute and introspector -> string formatting and dictionary updates for model schema representation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks. Uses dynamic code features (e.g., get_attribute, callables) but within a standard introspection context. No obfuscation, code injection, or malicious network activity evident.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive utility for Django model introspection, including rules for allowed fields, ignored fields, and customized introspection patterns. It employs dynamic attribute access, format strings, and conditional logic to extract model structure data. No malicious code, backdoors, or malware-like behavior detected. Its purpose aligns with schema analysis, not malicious activity. The use of functions like get_attribute, dynamic string formatting, and extensive use of introspection techniques are consistent with standard schema utilities. The presence of introspection plugins and pattern extension functions suggests configurability, but nothing suspicious. No external network calls, file writes, or data exfiltration observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Django model introspection utility designed for schema analysis and migration support. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. It is well-structured for its purpose, with no suspicious signals or dangerous code patterns. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}