{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for creating HTML attributes used in htmx, a JavaScript library for dynamic content loading and interaction, facilitating the construction of server-driven HTML updates.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function parameters such as strings, booleans, mappings, and tuples. Data is processed in functions like 'vals', 'headers', 'params', and 'trigger' where JSON serialization occurs, and in functions that handle user-provided selectors or event names.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially reach JSON serialization functions ('_json_dumps') in 'vals', 'headers', and 'request', and in attribute value concatenations in functions like 'trigger', 'swap', and 'swap_oob'. These are used to generate attribute values for HTML elements.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function input parameters through JSON serialization or string concatenation into attribute values, which are then used in HTML attributes. For example, user input in 'headers' or 'params' can be serialized into JSON strings; in 'trigger' or 'swap', input is combined into attribute strings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code constructs are present. No evidence of obfuscation or malicious control flow. Use of JSON dumps is standard for serialization. No suspicious network activity or system commands are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines numerous functions to generate attributes for htmx HTML elements, with careful handling of data types and serialization. The use of '_json_dumps' appears appropriate for serializing complex data structures for safe transfer. No untrusted data is directly executed or injected into code execution contexts. Functions like 'request' and 'headers' serialize user data into JSON, but this is standard and controlled. No indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected. The overall design is to facilitate safe creation of htmx attributes, with no suspicious logic or data leaks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of helper functions for building htmx-related HTML attributes. It processes user-provided input securely through serialization and string formatting without executing or interpreting data in unsafe ways. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain security threats within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}