{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for HTTP/2 header validation, normalization, security enforcement (such as preventing connection-specific headers), flow control management, and header normalization for outbound and inbound requests.",
  "sources": "Header input sequences from HTTP/2 frames, including pseudo-headers, regular headers, and header values from requests and responses.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or security issues could arise if headers are malformed or improperly validated, but the code enforces RFC compliance and security constraints. No external sinks or malicious data flows are present.",
  "flows": "Headers are validated, normalized, and filtered through multiple generator functions that enforce RFC rules, remove or transform headers, and check for correctness before being used in HTTP/2 communication.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious patterns, obfuscation, or malicious code are present. The code strictly adheres to RFC standards and employs standard validation techniques. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs comprehensive validation of HTTP/2 headers, including checks for uppercase characters, empty names, correct pseudo-header ordering, and forbidden headers like connection-specific headers. It enforces RFC 7540 compliance, prevents header injection, and manages flow control windows safely. Header normalization functions handle case-insensitivity and whitespace. The SizeLimitDict enforces size constraints without malicious intent. No signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior are evident. The functions are straightforward, well-structured, and employ standard security practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, RFC-compliant HTTP/2 header utility module with no malicious or sabotage elements. It enforces header correctness and security, with no signs of malware or obfuscation. The low security risk score (around 0.1) is justified given its validation and normalization functions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}