{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for managing and validating HTTP/2 headers, including header normalization, validation, and flow control window management, as well as a custom dictionary with size limit enforcement.",
  "sources": "The code reads static header sets, header tuples, and header values during validation, normalization, and extraction functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include header processing functions where untrusted or malformed headers could influence behavior, and the flow control window increment logic which could be misused if combined with malicious data (though unlikely).",
  "flows": "Data flows from header inputs through validation and normalization functions, with checks for malformed or malicious headers, leading to potential protocol errors or exceptions if anomalies are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. Usage of regular expressions and set operations are standard. The functions for header validation and extraction are typical for HTTP/2 handling. No obfuscated code or malicious network operations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly handles HTTP/2 header validation, normalization, and flow control logic. It checks for protocol compliance, such as header sequence, presence of required pseudo-headers, and disallowed headers. The flow control window function safeguards against excessively large increments, raising errors if limits are exceeded. The header manipulation functions process headers for proper formatting and security, with no signs of malicious intent. The custom SizeLimitDict enforces size constraints on dictionaries, preventing memory overuse. No code indicates malicious behavior or sabotage. The code appears secure and correctly implemented for its intended purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard header validation, normalization, and flow control management for HTTP/2. It contains no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage, adhering to protocol specifications. It is well-structured and does not introduce security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}