{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for handling HTTP/2 headers, including validation, normalization, and security measures for header processing within an HTTP/2 implementation.",
  "sources": "Reads data from header tuples (headers list), including header names and values, and from configuration parameters like size_limit in SizeLimitDict.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe modifications or checks occur when headers are validated, filtered, or processed, but no direct data leaks or malicious actions are evident. No sinks involve executing untrusted code or network actions.",
  "flows": "Headers are read from input, validated, normalized, or transformed through various functions such as _reject_* and normalization functions; no data flows lead to external systems or command execution.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are present. The code employs regular expressions and set checks for header validation, which are standard. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are evident. The header validation and processing appear typical for HTTP/2 implementations.",
  "analysis": "The code performs header validation, normalization, and security enhancements aligned with RFC 7540 for HTTP/2. It includes functions to prevent security issues such as header injection, malformed headers, or incorrect header sequences. No code sends data over the network, writes to system files, or executes system commands. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The logic is consistent with typical HTTP/2 header handling, with appropriate error handling for protocol violations. The use of regular expressions, set checks, and header processing is standard. The SizeLimitDict enforces size constraints without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, secure implementation of HTTP/2 header validation and normalization functions. There are no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. The code focuses on protocol compliance and security best practices without any suspicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}