{
  "purpose": "The code attempts to import version information from internal modules '_dev_version' or '_version'. If both imports fail, it issues a warning and assigns a default version string '0.0.0' to a variable with an obfuscated name, then assigns this to another similarly obfuscated variable. This ensures the package has a version string even if the internal modules are missing.",
  "sources": "The import statements from internal modules '_dev_version' and '_version'. The warning is issued if both imports fail. The variables are assigned directly within the exception handling block.",
  "sinks": "No sinks or untrusted data flows are present; the code does not process external input or output sensitive data.",
  "flows": "The flow is straightforward: attempt to import version info, fallback to default string, and assign to variables. No external data or untrusted sources are involved.",
  "anomalies": "The variable names are highly obfuscated, which could be superficial or for concealment. The broad exception handling (catching 'Exception') may hide other issues but is standard for fallback code. No malicious code, network activity, or data leaks are present.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a robust version fallback mechanism, attempting to import version info from internal modules. If unavailable, it issues a warning and assigns a default version string. The obfuscated variable names are likely stylistic or for minimal concealment. No malicious behavior, network activity, or data exfiltration is evident. The exception handling is broad but acceptable in this context. The logic is straightforward and benign, with no signs of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign version management snippet with superficial obfuscation. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The obfuscation appears superficial and not indicative of malicious intent. The overall security risk is minimal, and the malware score should be 0.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}