{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to encrypt and decrypt Python scripts using a custom TokenCryptor, including obfuscation via smashing code into a single line with inserted characters.",
  "sources": "Input file read via open(input_path, 'r', ...); reading content of the specified input file.",
  "sinks": "Writing output to the specified output file; executing decrypted code dynamically using exec() within run_decrypted_code() after decryption.",
  "flows": "Read input file -> Encrypt/decrypt content -> Wrap in code that decrypts and executes -> Smash into one line -> Write to output file.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic code execution (exec()) on decrypted content; obfuscation technique by smashing code into a single line with inserted characters; encrypts entire code except import statements.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a custom TokenCryptor, which is used for encrypting and decrypting code content. During encryption, it encrypts lines of code (excluding import statements), then wraps the encrypted string within a decrypt-and-execute wrapper, which is further obfuscated by smashing into one line. During decryption, it retrieves and decrypts the code for execution. The use of exec() on dynamically decrypted code poses a significant security risk, especially if the encrypted content or the TokenCryptor library is malicious or compromised. The obfuscation methods further suggest an attempt to hide malicious behavior or evade detection. No external network connections or data leaks are observed directly; however, the code's structure allows for executing arbitrary code, which could be malicious if the encrypted content or the TokenCryptor library is malicious. The use of a custom encryptor and obfuscation adds to the suspicion. Overall, the code’s primary concern is its use of dynamic code execution and obfuscation, which are common in malicious scripts aiming to hide their true behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains mechanisms to encrypt and decrypt Python scripts with obfuscation and dynamic execution, which can be exploited for malicious purposes. The use of exec() on decrypted code is particularly risky, especially given the obfuscation techniques employed. While there is no explicit malicious payload in the provided code itself, the design facilitates executing arbitrary, encrypted code that could be malicious if provided malicious content or if the TokenCryptor library is compromised. Therefore, this code has a high potential for malicious behavior and security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.7,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 1
}