{
  "purpose": "This script encrypts and decrypts Python code files using the TokenCryptor library, transforming code into an obfuscated, smashed format.",
  "sources": "Reads input Python files, reads and processes content within encrypt_code, decrypt_code, and process_file functions.",
  "sinks": "Writes output files with obfuscated code, executes decrypted code via exec().",
  "flows": "Input file content -> encryption/decryption functions -> output file; encrypted code stored as string -> decrypted and executed with exec().",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic execution (exec()) on decrypted code, which is a security risk. The code obfuscates by smashing content into a single line with inserted characters, which could hinder analysis but is not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code reads Python source files and either encrypts or decrypts their content. It employs a custom TokenCryptor for encryption. The encrypt_code function encrypts each line except import statements, and wraps the encrypted code into a new Python script that decrypts and executes it at runtime. The decrypt_code function extracts the encrypted string and decrypts it. The smash_into_one_line function obfuscates the code by removing whitespace and inserting a separator character between every two characters. The process_file function manages file reading and writing, wrapping encrypted code into an executable script or decrypting and then smashing the code. The use of exec() on decrypted code is a potential security concern, especially if the input files are untrusted or manipulated, as it allows execution of arbitrary code.\n\nNo hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or network activities are present. The code does not perform malicious data exfiltration or system manipulation. The obfuscation appears to serve code concealment rather than malicious intent. The primary security concern is the dynamic execution of decrypted code, which could be exploited if malicious code is encrypted and executed without proper validation.\n\nThe use of TokenCryptor appears legitimate for obfuscation purposes but combined with exec(), it poses a security risk if misused or if the encrypted content is maliciously controlled.\n",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for obfuscating and executing Python code via encryption and decryption, using dynamic execution (exec()) on decrypted code. While there are no direct signs of malicious intent such as data theft or system compromise, the reliance on exec() introduces significant security risks if the input is untrusted. The obfuscation and encryption are not inherently malicious but should be handled with caution due to the potential for executing malicious code hidden within encrypted payloads.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "report_number": 3
}