{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to encrypt and decrypt Python source files using a custom TokenCryptor, transforming code into obfuscated forms and executing decrypted code dynamically.",
  "sources": "Reads input Python files and the 'encrypted_code' string within the generated code.",
  "sinks": "Executes decrypted code via 'exec' within the 'run_decrypted_code' function.",
  "flows": "Reads source files -> encrypts/decrypts content -> embeds encrypted code in a script -> executes decrypted code via 'exec'.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic execution ('exec') of decrypted code, which may pose security risks. The code obfuscates content with 'smash_into_one_line'. No hardcoded credentials or malicious payloads are evident. The code relies on external 'TokenCryptor', which could be malicious if compromised, but is not inherently suspicious here.",
  "analysis": "The code encrypts Python scripts line-by-line, omitting 'import' and 'from' lines from encryption, then embeds the encrypted payload into a script that decrypts and executes it dynamically using 'exec'. The decryption process extracts 'encrypted_code' from the content. The 'smash_into_one_line' function obfuscates the output, making static analysis more difficult. The use of 'exec' to run decrypted code introduces potential security risks, especially if the encrypted content is manipulated maliciously or from untrusted sources. There are no indications of hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The reliance on an external 'TokenCryptor' is a concern if its implementation is malicious, but this cannot be determined from this code alone. The code's purpose appears to be code obfuscation or protection, not malicious activity, but the dynamic execution approach is inherently risky.",
  "conclusion": "The script implements code encryption and obfuscation with dynamic execution of decrypted code, which is a security concern. There are no clear signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The primary risk stems from 'exec' usage, which can lead to code injection vulnerabilities if the input or 'TokenCryptor' implementation is compromised. Overall, the code appears intended for code protection rather than malicious activity but contains inherent security risks due to its design.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "report_number": 2
}