{
  "purpose": "The code provides a command-line utility to encrypt or decrypt Python scripts using the TokenCryptor class from the notoken887.encryptor module.",
  "sources": "Reads input Python file specified by the user, particularly the content of the file to be encrypted or decrypted.",
  "sinks": "Writes the processed (encrypted or original) code to the output file. The encrypted code includes a self-decrypting mechanism that executes decrypted code at runtime.",
  "flows": "Source: File input -> encrypt_code() or directly read content; Sink: Output file writing; The self-decrypting code in encrypted mode executes decrypted code dynamically using exec().",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic code execution via exec() on decrypted strings; encryption of code with custom encryptor, which could potentially hide malicious payloads; wrapping code into a self-executing function. No hardcoded secrets or credentials found.",
  "analysis": "The script reads an input Python file and, in encryption mode, wraps the code into an encrypted string that, when executed, decrypts and runs the original code dynamically. This obfuscation approach can hide malicious behavior. The encryptor is imported from a third-party module, and its implementation is unknown, which could potentially be exploited if malicious. The use of exec() on decrypted code is inherently risky as it executes code at runtime without validation. No suspicious network activity, hardcoded credentials, or malicious payloads are present in the provided code. The overall structure suggests a code obfuscation tool rather than malicious intent, but the use of dynamic execution could be exploited to hide malicious code if the encryptor or input files are compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an obfuscation utility for Python scripts, encrypting code and wrapping it in a self-decrypting, executable form. While there are no explicit malicious behaviors or hardcoded credentials, the use of dynamic code execution and encryption introduces risks if misused or compromised. It could be employed for malicious purposes if used with malicious payloads or if the encryptor is malicious. Overall, the script itself appears intended for code obfuscation, not malware, but its capacity to hide code warrants caution.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 5
}