{
  "purpose": "This script provides a command-line tool to encrypt or decrypt Python code files using the TokenCryptor class from the notoken887.encryptor module.",
  "sources": "The code reads input files specified by the user through command-line arguments.",
  "sinks": "The code writes output files with encrypted or decrypted code content. It also executes decrypted code via the exec() function within the generated script.",
  "flows": "Input file read -> Encryption/decryption performed -> Output file written. When encrypting, the output script decrypts and executes the encrypted code at runtime.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() to run decrypted code introduces potential security risks. The code encrypts entire code blocks and inserts runtime decryption and execution, which can hide malicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets are present, but the dynamic execution pattern is suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The script provides encryption and decryption of Python files, leveraging a third-party TokenCryptor. It generates a script that decrypts and executes code dynamically at runtime, which is a common obfuscation method and can be exploited for malicious purposes such as hiding malicious code or backdoors. The code reads input files, encrypts or leaves the code as-is based on mode, and writes the output. The dynamic execution via exec() after decryption can be used to conceal malicious logic. No explicit malicious code or backdoors are directly visible, but the pattern of decrypting and executing code at runtime is a security concern. There are no signs of hardcoded credentials or other malicious anomalies beyond the obfuscation pattern.",
  "conclusion": "While the code itself is a utility for encrypting and decrypting Python files, the approach of decrypting and executing code dynamically at runtime introduces potential security risks and can be used maliciously to hide harmful code. The overall design is suspicious due to dynamic execution, but no explicit malware is evident. Use caution if this code is used in untrusted environments.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 1
}