{
  "purpose": "The code is a setup script for a Python package, involving reading metadata, processing documentation, and configuring installation parameters.",
  "sources": "Reading from '_info.py' and documentation files; import from 'ez_setup'; regex parsing of markdown documentation.",
  "sinks": "exec() call executing contents of '_info.py'; potential execution of untrusted code; import statements; regex substitutions.",
  "flows": "Source: reading '_info.py' -> sink: exec() executes code from '_info.py'; source: import from 'ez_setup' -> potential malicious module; source: documentation parsing -> output string.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on external file without validation; obfuscated variable and module names; suspicious import from 'ez_setup' with a nonsensical name; malformed or obfuscated function calls; code structure suggests obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The script imports a suspiciously named function/class from 'ez_setup' and immediately executes it, which could be malicious or obfuscated. It reads and executes '_info.py' via exec() without any validation, posing a high security risk, as this could run malicious code during package setup. Variable names are nonsensical, indicating obfuscation. Regex patterns are used for documentation parsing, which appears benign but could be exploited if combined with malicious content. The code also contains malformed or intentionally obfuscated function calls, further suggesting obfuscation or tampering. Overall, the primary concern is the unsafe execution of external code, which could be exploited for malicious payloads. The import from 'ez_setup' with a random name adds to suspicion, as it could be a backdoor or malicious module. The scores assigned in the reports are generally aligned with these risks, but the use of exec() warrants a higher malware and risk score. The obfuscation and dynamic code execution indicate a high likelihood of malicious intent, especially if the external '_info.py' is compromised or malicious. The code should be treated as highly suspicious and potentially malicious until verified, with recommendations to avoid executing untrusted code and to deobfuscate the import and variable names.",
  "conclusion": "This code exhibits significant security risks due to the use of exec() on external, untrusted code and obfuscated import statements and variable names. These practices are indicative of malicious intent or at least obfuscation designed to hide malicious payloads. The overall security risk is high, and the code should be scrutinized, sanitized, or avoided in production environments. The scores should reflect a malware likelihood of approximately 0.8, obfuscation around 0.9, and overall risk near 0.85.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0.8,
  "securityRisk": 0.85,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}