{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for managing MySQL database operations including connection handling, table creation, data reading, and data writing using pandas DataFrames.",
  "sources": "The code reads connection parameters from secrets or Glue catalog, data from pandas DataFrame, and SQL query strings provided by the user.",
  "sinks": "Data is written into MySQL tables via SQL INSERT, REPLACE, and other upsert operations. Connection objects are returned and used for executing SQL commands.",
  "flows": "Source data (connection details, DataFrame, SQL queries) flows into database operations such as connect(), to_sql(), and read_sql_query(). Data from pandas DataFrame is inserted into database tables; SQL query results are fetched into pandas DataFrame.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or secrets are present. The code properly uses parameterized queries for data insertion, reducing SQL injection risk. No obfuscated code, no hidden backdoors, or malicious network activities are detected. The use of uuid for temporary table names is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard libraries and best practices for database operations, including validation of connection objects, safe SQL query execution via parameterization, and handling of different upsert modes. It retrieves connection info from AWS secrets or Glue catalog securely. No external or suspicious network activities or malicious code are present. The dynamic creation and dropping of tables during upsert are standard for such utilities. No anomalies like hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or covert data exfiltration mechanisms are found. The code appears designed for legitimate database management tasks with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for MySQL database interactions with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It adheres to best practices for security and database operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}