{
  "purpose": "This code provides a custom pytest extension for handling assumptions and soft assertions during testing, along with hooks for reporting and managing assumptions.",
  "sources": "Reading test functions, assumptions, exceptions, and hook calls within pytest environment, especially via inspect.stack(), inspect.locals, and pytest configuration options.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe usage of evalxfail_key and mark_eval if manipulated externally, but in the code itself, no dangerous sink is evident. Use of repr() and saferepr() could leak data, but not maliciously. No network or system modification functions are present.",
  "flows": "Code reads test context via inspect.stack(), logs assumption results, and manages hook invocations. The assumption handling flow involves reading stack frames and locals, then logging assumptions based on assertions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution detected. The code uses dynamic attribute access and inspection but in a controlled manner. The only minor concern is the dynamic import fallback logic, but it is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a pytest extension for assumptions with context managers, hooks, and custom reporting. It uses inspect.stack() to log local variables during assertion failures, which could potentially leak sensitive data if such data exists in locals. The import logic for pytest and related modules appears standard and handles multiple pytest versions. No network access, system modifications, or malicious payloads are present. There is no evidence of code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The functions are mostly for testing infrastructure and do not perform harmful actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a testing utility for assumptions and soft assertions in pytest. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, malicious code, or security risks. It primarily interacts with pytest internals and manages assumption reporting. No signs of malware, sabotage, or security exploits are found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}