{
  "purpose": "The code provides custom assumptions and hook implementations for pytest, enabling soft assertions, custom reporting, and xfail handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the inspect module (stack frames), environment or configuration data via pytest's options and plugin manager, and potentially from imported modules (like _pytest, six, pytest).",
  "sinks": "The code outputs to pytest hooks, modifies pytest internal states, and constructs strings for reports. No direct data leaks or untrusted outputs are evident.",
  "flows": "Stack frames (inspect.stack()) → assumption handling and reporting → hook calls and exception raising.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or malicious code are present. Use of import re raises no suspicion. The code is mainly standard, with the only complex part being manipulation of internal pytest states and hook functions, which is typical for plugins.",
  "analysis": "The code is a pytest plugin that implements soft assertions and custom hooks for assumption handling. It reads data from the call stack and pytest configuration, and reports failures via internal hooks. The logic is consistent with standard testing utilities; no suspicious code, network activity, or malicious behavior is detected. It does not perform any system modifications, network communications, or data exfiltration. The code’s complexity is typical for testing plugins, and all external interactions are controlled via pytest hooks or standard library functions. No anomalies, malicious patterns, or obfuscated code are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard pytest plugin implementing soft assertions and custom reporting hooks. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, security risks, or malware. It operates solely within the pytest testing environment for enhanced failure reporting. Overall security risk is minimal, with no apparent security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}