{
  "purpose": "This script demonstrates asynchronous interaction with Azure Schema Registry for registering and retrieving JSON schemas, primarily for schema management and validation in a cloud environment.",
  "sources": "Environment variables: SCHEMAREGISTRY_JSON_FULLY_QUALIFIED_NAMESPACE, SCHEMAREGISTRY_GROUP; Static JSON schema definitions within the code.",
  "sinks": "Azure SDK method calls (register_schema, get_schema, get_schema_properties) that send schema data over the network; print statements that output schema details, which could potentially leak schema info if logs are exposed.",
  "flows": "Environment variables -> JSON schemas -> registration and retrieval functions -> network transmission of schema data and properties; printed schema data could flow into logs.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behaviors, hardcoded secrets are minimal (the schema definitions are static but not secrets), no dynamic code execution or obfuscated code, no suspicious data flow or backdoors. The use of environment variables for configuration is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code uses environment variables to configure access to Azure Schema Registry, then performs schema registration and retrieval asynchronously. The static schemas are used for demonstration. All network interactions are with legitimate Azure SDK methods. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity is evident. The printed outputs are schema details, which could be sensitive if schema definitions contain confidential information, but they are part of normal schema management. The credential object (DefaultAzureCredential) is used as intended for secure authentication. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or sabotage. Overall, the script appears to be a standard, legitimate example of Azure schema registry usage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard example for managing JSON schemas with Azure Schema Registry. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It performs expected network operations and prints schema information. The risk is minimal, primarily related to exposure of schema details via logs if sensitive info were embedded in schemas.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}