{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client for interacting with the Safie API, including methods for GET, POST, DELETE requests, and streaming data.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'api_token' parameter for authentication, and API request paths/parameters passed to methods like get, post, delete, and sync_stream.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests to the specified API URLs, printing responses, and raising exceptions. Data can be sent over network connections, especially in the sync_stream method.",
  "flows": "Input API token and request parameters flow into network request methods; data flows from these inputs to external API endpoints; response data flows back to the caller, with some responses printed to stdout.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no suspicious or malicious code behaviors detected. Print statements expose response content but do not compromise security. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution found. The code adheres to typical API client patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward API client implementation using httpx for asynchronous HTTP requests. It securely manages API tokens via parameters, uses standard request methods, and properly manages resources with async context managers. No suspicious or malicious behaviors, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. It performs standard network operations and logs responses, which is typical for debugging or informational purposes. There are no signs of data leaks, malicious code, or obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard, benign API client implementation with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It functions as a typical interface for interacting with an external API, handling authentication and network requests securely. No security risks or malware indicators are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}