{
  "purpose": "The code implements an asynchronous API client for Safie, a service accessed via HTTP requests, providing methods for GET, POST, DELETE, and streaming data.",
  "sources": "Reads include the API token (api_token), URL paths (path), and optional request parameters (**kwargs). The token is provided externally during client creation.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the HTTP request methods (get, post, delete, stream) where untrusted data could influence the request URL, headers, or parameters. The API token is used in headers for authentication.",
  "flows": "Input data (api_token, path, request parameters) flows into HTTP request functions, which then send data over the network. Response data is printed and checked for errors but not stored or transmitted elsewhere.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated or unusual language constructs. Use of print statements for response data could leak information if logs are exposed, but this is standard debugging rather than malicious. No suspicious or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a standard API client with methods for making HTTP requests and streaming data asynchronously. The API token is supplied externally and used only for request headers. Responses are printed for debugging, which could leak sensitive info if logs are improperly managed, but this is typical debugging behavior rather than malicious. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code are present. No obfuscated code or suspicious network activity is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API client implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles data securely with proper request practices. The print statements should be monitored to ensure they do not leak sensitive information, but this does not constitute malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}