{
  "purpose": "Command-line interface for the Arazzo workflow runner, enabling workflow execution, listing, description, and example generation.",
  "sources": "User-provided arguments and input strings, especially JSON strings parsed from command-line inputs (e.g., --inputs, --workflow-id), file paths (--arazzo-path, --openapi-path).",
  "sinks": "Execution of runner methods (from_arazzo_path, from_openapi_path, execute_workflow, execute_operation), printing output, and system exit calls.",
  "flows": "Input arguments and JSON strings flow from command-line input to JSON parsing, then into runner initialization and execution methods, with outputs printed or used for control flow decisions.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs JSON parsing of user inputs and command-line arguments without sanitization, but this is standard and expected for CLI tools. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data flows are detected. No code appears obfuscated or designed for malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical CLI wrapper around a workflow runner, accepting user inputs, initializing the runner with file paths, and executing workflows or operations. It uses standard practices such as argument parsing, JSON decoding, and method calls to the runner class. All inputs are derived from user arguments; outputs are printed or used for flow control. No malicious code, such as network connections to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection mechanisms, is present. Error handling is standard and does not conceal any malicious activity. The code does not handle or store secrets or credentials internally, nor does it execute arbitrary code based on untrusted data beyond standard JSON parsing. There is no evidence of obfuscation, malware, or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a CLI interface to a workflow runner, with typical argument parsing, JSON processing, and method invocation. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It appears safe and purposefully designed for workflow management tasks, with no signs of malware or security compromises.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}