{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebSocket server with supporting classes for handling WebSocket connections, serving static files, and managing server lifecycle, including policy server management.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables ('PATH_INFO', 'HTTP_IF_NONE_MATCH'), socket connections, and files from the filesystem (e.g., data files, static assets).",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or effects could occur if untrusted input is used unsafely—e.g., in open() calls, environment variables, or network data handling; the server writes responses and logs data. Notably, no direct use of eval, exec, or insecure SQL is detected.",
  "flows": "The server retrieves request info from environment variables, reads static files, computes ETags, and manages socket connections. Data flows from network input to handlers, with static file serving and WebSocket upgrades as key pathways.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code relies on standard libraries and straightforward logic. The only minor concern is the use of 'except' without specifying exception types, which could mask errors but is not malicious. The code appears to handle errors gracefully.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical server implementation: it manages incoming connections, serves static assets, handles WebSocket upgrade requests, and manages policy servers. It uses standard Python libraries and well-known patterns. No suspicious or malicious code, such as network exfiltration, system compromise, or data theft, is present. The server's operations appear intended for hosting WebSocket services with static assets and optional policy server functionality. No suspicious dynamic code execution, malicious network activity, or privacy violations are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign WebSocket server implementation with static file serving and policy server support. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware features are detected. The only minor concern is the use of broad 'except' clauses, which do not pose security risks but could mask errors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}