{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Tinybird client for data ingestion, query execution, and management operations via HTTP requests.",
  "sources": "Input data includes: 'data' parameters in append_data and replace_data methods; filenames in append_file and replace_file; URLs in append_url and replace_url; events in append_event and append_events; SQL queries in query method.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could be sent via HTTP requests, especially in _request method where responses are handled. Potential issues include data leakage if sensitive info is in responses, or misused responses. The code does not write untrusted data to disk or execute it.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (parameters, files, URLs, events, SQL strings) to HTTP request payloads, then from responses to functions like wait_for_job or returning JSON data. No evidence of untrusted data being executed or stored locally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials detected; use of random module is standard for retries; no obfuscated code or uncommon language features. No suspicious network calls, backdoors, or malicious patterns evident. The code properly handles retries, errors, and logs info without revealing sensitive info.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs HTTP requests for data operations with standard error handling, retries, and logging. The only external input is data, filenames, URLs, or SQL queries, which are sent over HTTP or used in request parameters. No code injection, eval, or dynamic execution of untrusted data is present. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious behavior observed. Use of random is limited to retries for backoff, which is appropriate. The code appears well-structured, with proper error handling, and no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a legitimate client for Tinybird, handling data ingestion and queries securely. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks in the current implementation. The use of HTTP requests, retries, and error handling is appropriate and standard for such clients.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}