{
  "purpose": "The code defines a user interface component for a fate mapping analysis tool within a Napari viewer, enabling interaction with track and point layers, and performing fate mapping computations and visualizations.",
  "sources": "Data sources include user interactions with GUI widgets (buttons, checkboxes, sliders), and references to Napari viewer layers (tracks and points layers).",
  "sinks": "The code adds images or tracks to the viewer based on fate mapping results. It also modifies layer data directly, potentially overwriting existing data.",
  "flows": "User interacts with GUI widgets -> triggers connected functions -> fate mapping computation -> visualization added to viewer.",
  "anomalies": "The import of a highly obfuscated or intentionally obscure class name 'SOetKLEkCHbhUeRkoXRTgWbJzQleUtow' and variable names appear intentionally nonsensical, which could indicate obfuscation. The code imports 'toolz.curry' and uses it to set properties, which could be used for dynamic attribute setting, but is not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials or network activity is present. No suspicious data leaks or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script appears to be a GUI component for fate mapping within Napari, with various widgets connected to update parameters and trigger computations. It uses obfuscated class names and variable names, which may be an attempt to conceal intent or complicate understanding. The main functions perform data validation, invoke the fate mapping process, and display results. No external network connections, data exfiltration, or harmful actions are evident. The code relies on imported, seemingly legitimate libraries and does not include suspicious or malicious operations.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate GUI component designed for fate mapping analysis in Napari. The obfuscated class and variable names might be an attempt at concealment, but no malicious behavior or supply chain attacks are detected. It performs expected data processing and visualization tasks without evidence of malware.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}