{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to send an email asynchronously using SMTP, with email content rendered from a Jinja2 template.",
  "sources": "Input data includes the 'to', 'subject', and 'template_name' parameters, as well as context variables passed via **ctx. Data is read from a template file in the 'templates' directory.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data (such as 'to', 'subject', or template context variables) could influence email content or headers. SMTP credentials are used directly from settings, and email is sent via aiosmtplib.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters and context variables to the template rendering. Rendered content then flows into the email message, which is sent over SMTP with credentials from settings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present; SMTP credentials are loaded from a settings module. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or data leakage mechanisms are evident. Use of environment variables is indirect via 'settings'. The code uses asynchronous email sending, which is standard. No unusual code constructs or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code loads SMTP credentials securely from a settings module, avoiding hardcoded secrets. Email content is rendered dynamically via Jinja2 templates, which is standard. The email sending process is asynchronous, reducing blocking. There are no apparent malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The structure and logic are straightforward and align with typical email-sending patterns. No anomalies, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious network interactions are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of asynchronous email sending with templated content. There are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}