{
  "purpose": "This code implements a class for analyzing SQL statements to determine table and column lineage, visualize the lineage graph, and output summaries. It serves as an interface for SQL lineage analysis, not executing or modifying SQL or system functions.",
  "sources": "Reads input SQL string from the constructor parameter; uses analyze methods which parse SQL statements; retrieves tables and columns from the SQLLineageHolder and analyzers.",
  "sinks": "Calls to visualization functions such as draw_lineage_graph and to_cytoscape, which could potentially send data to external systems, but are standard visualization routines. No direct data leakage or malicious sink observed.",
  "flows": "SQL input -> split() and analyze() methods -> lineage holder and graph generation functions. No untrusted data is fed into system commands or external processes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious comments, or backdoors present. No obfuscated or misleading code features. Warnings are properly used for deprecated dialects; no risky dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily initializes SQL analysis objects, processes SQL statements, and provides methods to output lineage summaries, visualize data, and print lineage paths. All external dependencies are standard libraries or well-known open-source packages related to SQL parsing and visualization. There is no evidence of malicious intent, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection. The code respects data flow from input SQL to analysis and visualization functions without unsafe operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard SQL lineage analysis utility with no malicious behavior detected. It operates on input SQL data and produces visual or textual lineage summaries. No suspicious activity, backdoors, or malicious data handling routines are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}