{
  "purpose": "This code defines a class for analyzing SQL statements to determine table and column lineage, and visualizing this lineage. It serves as an interface for SQL parsing, lineage analysis, and graph drawing.",
  "sources": "Reads SQL statement strings from the 'sql' parameter during initialization; reads configurations such as 'dialect', 'encoding', and 'draw_options'. It also accesses attributes like '_sql_holder', 'statements()', and external modules for analysis and visualization.",
  "sinks": "Uses functions like 'draw_lineage_graph' and 'to_cytoscape' which could potentially generate external visualization or data formats; the code itself does not perform direct data leaks or network operations. No insecure handling of untrusted input is evident within this code.",
  "flows": "The SQL input flows from '__init__' into '_stmt' via 'split()'. It then proceeds to '_eval()' where different analyzers process each statement. Data flows into 'SQLLineageHolder' for lineage extraction, which is then used by methods like 'to_cytoscape' and 'draw'. The lineage data is then formatted or visualized.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated segments are present. The code performs standard lineage analysis and visualization functions without apparent malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes with SQL input, processes it with specific analyzers based on dialect, and constructs lineage graphs. The lazy evaluation pattern optimizes processing. It employs external modules for SQL parsing and graph visualization. There are no signs of malicious payloads, secret exfiltration, or backdoor behaviors. The use of warnings for deprecated dialects indicates maintenance considerations but not malicious activity. The class interface appears standard for a lineage analysis tool.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate SQL lineage analysis utility. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It processes SQL statements for lineage extraction and visualization in a typical manner without handling untrusted data insecurely.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}