{
  "purpose": "The code provides an asynchronous API server interface for querying various media content such as games, movies, channels, and related data from the OpenREC platform, mainly by making HTTP GET requests to a specified base URL.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function arguments (search queries, IDs, parameters) and environment variables are not used.",
  "sinks": "HTTP GET requests to the URL 'https://public.openrec.tv/external/api/v5' with parameters derived from user inputs; responses are processed and returned as JSON data.",
  "flows": "User inputs (function arguments) flow into request parameters, which are used in HTTP GET requests to external API endpoints; responses from these endpoints are parsed and returned.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains minor typographical errors (e.g., 'intoduction' instead of 'introduction' in get_movie_info), but no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation are evident. The commented-out function and standard use of httpx for external requests are normal. No signs of malicious data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or malicious behavior are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a set of asynchronous functions that query external APIs to retrieve media data, parse JSON responses, and format them for output. All user inputs are incorporated into URL parameters without evident malicious manipulation. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The functions are straightforward wrappers around API calls, with error handling based on HTTP status codes. No suspicious network connections beyond legitimate API requests are observed. The overall structure and usage of dependencies are standard and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical API wrapper for media content retrieval, with no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. It appears to be a legitimate, well-structured, non-malicious implementation for querying an external media platform. Minor typographical issues do not suggest obfuscation or malicious obfuscation. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}