{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of asynchronous tools for interacting with the OpenREC API, including searching for games, movies, channels, retrieving detailed info, and rankings.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters from function arguments, including search queries, IDs, date strings, and optional filters. It makes HTTP GET requests to external API endpoints using httpx.AsyncClient.",
  "sinks": "The external API endpoints receive parameters; response data is processed and returned. No untrusted data is directly written to files, executed, or used in system commands.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are collected and sent as query parameters to external API calls. Responses from these calls are parsed into JSON structures and returned. There are no indirect flows of untrusted data into sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious URL manipulations are present. The code handles errors gracefully and does not perform any obfuscated or dynamic code execution. The commented-out function for yell logs is benign and not active.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a straightforward API wrapper that retrieves data from the OpenREC API and processes it into JSON responses. It uses standard async HTTP requests, handles errors, and structures data without suspicious or malicious modifications. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, data exfiltration, or obfuscation. The URL endpoints are hardcoded but appear to be official API URLs. No untrusted data is used in dangerous operations, and the functions are purely data-fetching utilities. The commented code does not influence the current functionality. Overall, the code functions as an API client with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign API client module for interacting with the OpenREC service. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is safe to use from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}