{
  "purpose": "The code manages database setup, data loading, and index creation for geocoding/address data, executing external SQL scripts and inserting CSV data into a database.",
  "sources": "Reading SQL files, executing SQL commands, reading CSV data via 'read_csv_auto' function, and loading data into the database.",
  "sinks": "Execution of external SQL scripts which could contain malicious commands if untrusted, and database insertions.",
  "flows": "Source: reading SQL files and CSV data -> sink: executing SQL commands and inserting data into database.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'Path().files()' method on Path objects (which is not standard in pathlib), obfuscated variable names, and execution of external SQL files without validation.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard database setup and data loading tasks with obfuscated variable names and unconventional method calls. No network activity or malicious commands are evident. The use of 'files()' on Path objects suggests obfuscation or errors. External SQL scripts are executed without validation, which could be risky if those files are malicious. The malware score is justified as 0 due to lack of malicious code. The obfuscation score is high (~0.7) because of variable naming and suspicious method usage. The security risk score (~0.3) reflects potential danger from executing external scripts without validation and obfuscated code structure. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate data pipeline with obfuscation and external script execution that warrants caution but no active malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data processing script with significant obfuscation and external SQL execution. No evidence of malware or malicious behavior is detected. The primary concerns are obfuscation and handling of external scripts without validation, which could be exploited if those scripts are malicious. Scores are consistent with these observations.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}