{
  "purpose": "The code generates mappings and constants for Linux input event codes, facilitating lookup and reverse lookup of event codes and their string representations for use in input device handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the imported module _ecodes via getmembers(), and also uses the module's attributes to populate dictionaries.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks that process untrusted data or execute external commands. The code does not perform I/O, network operations, or command execution based on external input.",
  "flows": "The code flows from importing _ecodes, extracting its members, populating dictionaries with code-to-name and name-to-code mappings, and cleaning up the namespace.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The code mainly performs data structure initialization and cleanup. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution techniques are used. The only minor concern is the final deletion of variables which could obscure code intent, but this is standard cleanup.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs mapping dictionaries from the _ecodes module by inspecting its members. It categorizes codes based on prefixes, handles shared values by grouping codes in lists, and converts lists into tuples for immutability. It then consolidates certain mappings (e.g., keys), and finally deletes local variables to clean namespace. No external inputs, no external data manipulation, and no code execution from untrusted sources are observed. The code appears to be a static mapping setup with no malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward, static setup for input event code mappings. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or security vulnerabilities. It performs purely data structure initialization without external dependencies or dynamic execution. Overall, it is safe and purpose-driven.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}