{
  "purpose": "This code defines AWS CloudFormation resource classes for Amazon Forecast datasets and dataset groups, including their properties, schema, attributes, and tags, to facilitate infrastructure as code using AWS CDK.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from class constructors, property setters, and method parameters such as scope, id, resource properties (e.g., dataset_name, dataset_type, domain, schema, tags), and type hints for validation.",
  "sinks": "The code performs object creation and property assignment but does not contain any external network calls, command execution, or data exfiltration mechanisms. It interacts solely with AWS CDK constructs and CloudFormation resource definitions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into resource class constructors, which validate types and then invoke jsii to create cloud resource definitions. These definitions are used by AWS CDK to synthesize CloudFormation templates, with no external data or command flows observed.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. The code primarily consists of data structure definitions and resource modeling with proper type validation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of AWS CDK constructs for Forecast datasets and groups. It employs type hints, validation functions, and jsii for inter-language operability. No external network operations, data leaks, or malicious activities are present. All functions are standard resource definitions, and the inclusion of type validation functions appears to be standard practice. The code does not execute any commands, download files, or perform any action that could be malicious. It is purely declarative for infrastructure provisioning.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard AWS CDK resource library for Forecast datasets and groups. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It is purely declarative and intended for infrastructure management without any covert or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}