{
  "purpose": "This code defines AWS CloudFormation resource classes for Amazon Forecast datasets and dataset groups, including properties, nested data structures, and type validation helpers, intended for use within the AWS CDK framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from method parameters, class properties, and imported modules such as 'constructs', 'jsii', and 'publication'. It does not read external or untrusted input sources.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to class properties, uses jsii to instantiate AWS resource representations, and performs type validation. No external data or untrusted inputs are directly written to system outputs, network, or files.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor arguments into internal property assignments and jsii resource creation. No untrusted data flows from sources to sinks; all data appears to be controlled or validated within the scope of the class definitions.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs. The code uses standard patterns for AWS CDK resource definitions, type validation, and data structure declarations. No obfuscated code, malicious code injections, or unusual behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly consists of class definitions, data structures, and helper functions for AWS CDK constructs related to Amazon Forecast. It includes type hinting, input validation, and resource property mappings. All inputs are constructor parameters or property setters with type checks. The code adheres to common AWS CDK design patterns and does not contain any network operations, system calls, or external data manipulations that could indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard AWS CDK construct library implementation for Forecast datasets and dataset groups. It performs data validation and resource modeling without any suspicious or malicious behavior. It poses no security threat and is consistent with legitimate infrastructure-as-code resources.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}