{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for generating embeddable HTML and JavaScript snippets for Jupyter widget views, allowing for the inclusion of interactive widgets in web pages or documents.",
  "sources": "Reading data includes the import statements, regular expression compilation, and the input parameters for functions such as views, state, embed_url, and file objects. It also reads widget states, view specifications, and configuration parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code writes HTML snippets to files or file-like objects, outputs embedded script tags, and dynamically constructs URLs for script loading. It escapes scripts to prevent HTML injection. No untrusted data directly leads to network connections, system commands, or data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Input parameters such as views and state are processed and serialized into JSON, which is then embedded into HTML snippets. These snippets include scripts with dynamically determined URLs. Escaped JSON and script snippets are inserted into HTML templates for output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code primarily deals with data serialization and HTML generation. The URL for script loading is configurable but defaults to CDN links. The use of regular expressions for script escaping is safe and standard.",
  "analysis": "The code securely serializes widget states and view specifications into JSON, escaping special characters to prevent HTML injection. It dynamically constructs HTML snippets including script tags, with options for CDN URLs and CORS settings. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or suspicious data handling. The functions handle data safely, with no network or system commands executed, and no hidden or obfuscated code present. The only notable dynamic element is URL construction for scripts, which defaults to reputable CDN sources. Overall, the code appears to be a standard utility for widget embedding without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard widget embedding utility with no signs of malicious activity or security risks. It safely serializes data, escapes scripts properly, and constructs HTML snippets for embedding widgets. No suspicious or malicious code or behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}