{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for generating embeddable HTML and JavaScript snippets for Jupyter widgets, enabling embedding interactive widgets into web pages.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data mainly from widget states, view specifications, and parameters passed to functions such as embed_snippet and embed_minimal_html. It also reads external URLs for scripts.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs HTML snippets containing embedded JSON data and script tags. It writes HTML content to file-like objects or filenames provided.",
  "flows": "Input data (widget states and view specs) is processed and escaped, then embedded into HTML templates. External script URLs are used to load widget managers. Escaped JSON data and view specifications flow into script tags within the HTML snippet.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious URL usages are present. External URLs are standard CDN links. The use of escape_script to sanitize script content is appropriate. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily generates HTML snippets for embedding widgets, relying on standard libraries such as json and re. It uses regular expressions for escaping script content, which is a standard safety practice. External URLs for scripts are predefined CDN links, not user-supplied. The functions for getting widget states and dependencies are straightforward and do not process untrusted input in a way that would cause security issues. No network communication or data exfiltration code is present. The overall structure and logic are standard for widget embedding functionality, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign widget embedding utility with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It correctly sanitizes data for HTML embedding and relies on trusted external CDN sources. Overall, it appears safe and intended for legitimate purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}