{
  "purpose": "This code implements a set of geolocation and routing services using the FastMCP framework, including geocoding, reverse geocoding, nearby searches, administrative division searches, driving, and transit planning.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (e.g., address, latitude, longitude, query) and from resource files ('resources/AdminCode.txt' and 'resources/Type.txt') via file I/O operations.",
  "sinks": "The code returns data from API calls and resource files, and outputs JSON dictionaries. No untrusted data is written to external systems, files, or network beyond API calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and resource files to API functions and resource reads, then results are returned as JSON objects. There are no indirect or malicious flows observed.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are evident. All API calls and file I/O appear standard. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several asynchronous functions performing geospatial queries and resource reads, with standard API calls and file operations. API functions receive parameters for location and query data, returning structured JSON results. Resource functions read static files from a local 'resources' directory, which are presumably predefined datasets. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The code's structure and content align with typical geospatial service implementations, with no suspicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate geospatial and routing service implementation without malicious intent. It performs standard API integrations and resource reads, with no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling. Overall, it presents a low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}