{
  "purpose": "The provided code contains utility/helper functions for data formatting, validation, and comparison within internal logic, likely used for debugging, testing, or internal validation in larger systems.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input or data directly; it operates on parameters passed to its methods, which could originate from other parts of a larger application.",
  "sinks": "The functions mainly process data in memory; there are no apparent sinks such as network transmission, file writing, or system command execution that could lead to data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows that lead outside of in-memory processing; data passed to functions could be from untrusted sources, but the code itself does not include such input handling.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily focused on data validation, formatting, and comparison. It lacks any suspicious code such as network calls, system commands, or file operations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. No external dependencies that could be malicious are used. Overall, the code appears to be standard utility functions.",
  "analysis": "The code provides multiple helper methods for data validation, formatting, and comparison. It carefully checks types and structure, especially for dict-like and iterable objects. No network, file, or system operations are present. The functions operate solely on parameters, with no indications of malicious intent or suspicious behavior. The comments and coding style suggest it is for internal debugging or validation. No anomalies such as obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious data handling are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be benign utility functions intended for internal validation and formatting tasks. There are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or malware. It is safe to consider this code as non-malicious and standard within a larger codebase.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}