{
  "purpose": "The code defines a comprehensive set of Python dataclasses modeling Kubernetes API objects such as Deployment, StatefulSet, DaemonSet, ReplicaSet, ControllerRevision, and related resource lists and status objects. These serve as data schemas for serialization, deserialization, and API interactions within Kubernetes client libraries.",
  "sources": "The code reads input primarily from type annotations, class definitions, and docstrings describing each field. No external data sources, input streams, or runtime data processing are present.",
  "sinks": "There are no runtime sinks such as network calls, file writes, or system commands. The code is purely declarative data structure definitions, so it does not process untrusted data at runtime.",
  "flows": "The code does not contain executable flows or logic. It only establishes data models used elsewhere in the system to structure data passed between components.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, suspicious patterns, or obfuscation are present. The code is straightforward, autogenerated schema definitions with standard comments and type annotations.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of Python dataclass definitions modeling Kubernetes API objects, with detailed type annotations and descriptive docstrings. It imports only standard typing modules and local schema modules. There is no runtime logic, data handling, or external interactions. The structure is consistent with autogenerated API schemas, and no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security risks are evident. The code's purpose is to serve as data containers for Kubernetes resource specifications and statuses, which inherently pose minimal security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign, autogenerated schema module for Kubernetes API objects. It contains no executable logic, no external data handling, and no malicious patterns. The scores assigned in the reports—malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0—are appropriate and should remain at these levels. It is safe for use in Kubernetes client implementations and poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}