{
  "purpose": "Convert a string expression into a lambda function with selected numpy functions available, enabling dynamic evaluation of mathematical expressions.",
  "sources": "The 'expression' parameter passed to lambdify, which is evaluated using eval().",
  "sinks": "The eval() function executes the expression string, which can lead to arbitrary code execution if the input is untrusted.",
  "flows": "The 'expression' string flows directly into eval() within lambdify(), which executes it in a restricted globals context.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval() without input validation or sanitization; no input sanitization or safety checks before evaluation.",
  "analysis": "The code uses eval() in lambdify() to dynamically create lambda functions from strings, which is inherently risky if the input is untrusted. The rest of the code (BoundaryChecker, Converter, Observable, ObservableProcessor) performs standard data validation and transformation without malicious intent. All reports correctly identify the eval() usage as a security concern but do not find malicious code or obfuscation. Malware scores are consistently 0, appropriate given the absence of malicious payloads. The security risk scores vary; higher scores (~0.75) are justified given the potential for arbitrary code execution if 'expression' is supplied by an attacker. Some reports underestimate this risk, assigning scores around 0.2–0.4, which is not fully aligned with the severity of eval() vulnerabilities. To mitigate this, replacing eval() with safer alternatives or sanitizing input is recommended. Overall, the primary concern is the unsafe eval() usage, which could lead to code injection if inputs are untrusted. The rest of the code is standard and does not contain malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The main security issue is the use of eval() in lambdify(), which can execute arbitrary code if the input expression is malicious. No malware or obfuscation is present. The security risk should be rated high (around 0.7–0.75) due to the potential for code injection. The malware and obfuscation scores are appropriate at 0. Recommendations include replacing eval() with safer parsing methods or validating inputs to prevent exploitation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}