{
  "purpose": "Utilities for manipulating Python Abstract Syntax Trees (AST), including renaming identifiers, expanding variable arguments, and converting between functions and AST representations.",
  "sources": "Function source code via 'inspect.getsource'; AST nodes during transformation functions; user-supplied functions passed into decorators.",
  "sinks": "AST compilation and evaluation via 'compile' and 'eval'; 'astor.to_source' which converts AST back to source code; dynamic execution in 'function_ast_to_function'.",
  "flows": "Source code obtained from inspect → parsed into AST → AST transformed or expanded → compiled via 'compile' → executed with 'eval' in a controlled scope → returned as a function.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'eval' and 'exec' functions with dynamically generated code, which could be exploited if the input functions are malicious. The code relies on runtime source retrieval and dynamic evaluation, which can be dangerous if the input is untrusted.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utilities for AST transformation, including renaming variables, expanding variable argument functions, and converting functions to/from AST. It uses 'inspect.getsource' to retrieve source code, then parses and manipulates AST nodes. The 'function_ast_to_function' function compiles and evaluates the AST in a scope derived from the current execution frame. The dynamic 'eval' and 'exec' functions are potential vectors for code injection if untrusted input functions are used, but this is typical for AST manipulation tools. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or suspicious network activity is present. The core operations are standard AST transformations with no external malicious communications or hidden behaviors. The use of 'eval' with controlled source code from known functions is relatively safe in controlled environments but can be risky if the input functions originate from untrusted sources. Overall, no malicious code or malware behaviors are detected. The primary security concern is the potential misuse of 'eval' with malicious input, which is a known risk in code that performs dynamic code execution.",
  "conclusion": "The code consists of legitimate AST manipulation utilities for refactoring Python functions, including renaming, expanding variable arguments, and converting functions to AST and back. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The main security consideration is the use of 'eval' with dynamically generated code, which should be used cautiously with untrusted input. Overall, the code is safe if used in controlled environments and with trusted input functions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}