{
  "purpose": "This code provides various numerical and mathematical functions, such as statistical calculations, basic arithmetic, and data transformations, intended for data analysis and processing.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function arguments, including collections (lists, dicts, iterables), and potentially supports user-provided iteratees or keys for specific operations.",
  "sinks": "Results are returned directly; there are no network operations, file I/O, or external data leaks within this code. No sensitive data handling or storage occurs here.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed through functions, often involving iteration, mathematical operations, or data transformations. Values may be converted, iterated, or aggregated, but no external data flows or untrusted outputs are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward and primarily relies on standard library functions and well-known patterns. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious dynamic code execution, or backdoors are present. The use of the 'pydash' library is standard and safe. No obfuscation or malware-like constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured numerical utility library implementing standard mathematical operations and statistical calculations. It employs proper data handling and safe operations, with no signs of malicious behavior. It does not perform network access, execute dynamic code, or manipulate system resources maliciously. Function inputs are controlled and only process provided data. The implementation relies on standard safe libraries and practices, with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign numerical computation library intended for data analysis. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. Its purpose is purely data processing, with no evidence of sabotage, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}