{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for raster data processing, including rasterization, statistics computation, and category remapping, primarily used in geospatial analysis workflows.",
  "sources": "Code reads input geometries (geom), raster objects (like), and statistical data (stats). It also reads environment variables indirectly through imported modules (e.g., rasterio, shapely).",
  "sinks": "Outputs include numpy arrays (boolean masks), CSV strings (statistics), and remapped category dictionaries. No direct data leaks or external connections are evident.",
  "flows": "Input geometries and raster objects are processed through functions like rasterize_geom and boxify_points, with data flows from inputs to outputs such as numpy arrays, CSV text, or dictionaries.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or backdoors are detected. Usage of standard libraries (rasterio, shapely, csv) appears legitimate. No hardcoded credentials, network calls, or obfuscated code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple utility functions for geospatial raster analysis, including rasterization, statistics validation, and category remapping. No code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior is evident. Usage of standard libraries like rasterio, shapely, and csv does not raise suspicion. Functions perform expected operations such as rasterizing geometries, converting stats to CSV, and handling category mappings. No anomalous network activity, credential handling, or system commands are present. The code is well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation or hidden malicious logic. Overall, the code appears to be safe and intended for legitimate geospatial processing purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of utility functions for raster and vector data processing, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It operates solely within the scope of geospatial data manipulation using standard libraries. The code appears benign and appropriate for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}