{
  "purpose": "Provides various geospatial data processing functions, including rasterization, statistics, and geometry manipulations, primarily for raster and vector data analysis.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as geometries, raster objects, statistics data, and category mappings. Specifically, geom, like, stats, category_map, and d (dictionary).",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage or malicious activity could occur if untrusted data is processed or returned improperly, but the code mainly performs data transformations and computations. No direct network or file system operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input geometries and raster info flow through functions like rasterize_geom and boxify_points, producing boolean arrays and geometry objects. Stats data are processed and converted into CSV strings. Category mappings are remapped via remap_categories.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Usage of standard libraries and functions appears normal. No dynamic code execution or hidden behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code provides geospatial utility functions including rasterization, statistics validation, category remapping, and geometry adjustments. All functions utilize standard libraries (rasterio, shapely, csv, io). No input/output functions perform network operations or file manipulations with external systems; data transformations are straightforward. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious patterns are evident. The functions for percentile calculations and category remapping are standard and contain no malicious logic. The only potential concern is the handling of input data, which is assumed to be trusted within a controlled environment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of standard geospatial processing utilities with no apparent malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It operates on data inputs and produces data outputs securely, with no external or hidden actions. The likelihood of malicious behavior is extremely low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}