{
  "purpose": "This module provides an HTTP client for communicating with Google APIs, including functions for request handling, batch updates, value manipulations, permission management, and exporting spreadsheets.",
  "sources": "Input data from method parameters such as 'json', 'params', 'data', 'body', and 'files' in request methods; URL endpoints; credentials and session objects.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to Google API endpoints; responses parsed and returned; permission modifications; file exports and imports.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into request payloads and parameters; requests are sent to specific API URLs; responses are received and processed; permission and file metadata are retrieved or modified.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code detected. Retry logic and exponential backoff are standard patterns. CSV import accepts arbitrary data, which is typical for such functionality.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured API client for Google Sheets and Drive, utilizing standard libraries and patterns. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident. The request and response handling follow typical API interaction patterns. No obfuscation or sabotage indicators are present. The retry logic with exponential backoff is standard for network resilience. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. The functions perform expected operations such as data retrieval, updates, permission management, and file export/import. Overall, the code appears legitimate, with low security risks primarily associated with the inherent nature of network operations and data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-implemented Google API client with no evidence of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or sabotage. The security risk is minimal and primarily related to standard network interactions. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk score is approximately 0.1, reflecting typical concerns with network-based API clients but no actual vulnerabilities or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}