{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to process HTML content using configurable pipelines for simplification and classification tasks.",
  "sources": "Reading configuration files (get_default_cfg, read_cfg), input HTML strings (html_str parameter).",
  "sinks": "Pipeline application functions (pipeline.apply_to_html), data returned from these functions (record, info).",
  "flows": "Configuration files are read and used to set up pipelines; HTML strings are processed through pipelines, producing records containing potentially sensitive or processed data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, suspicious dynamic code, or unusual code patterns. Usage of copy.deepcopy and dynamic configuration is standard for flexibility. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors identified.",
  "analysis": "The code imports necessary modules and defines functions to load configurations and process HTML data through pipelines. It reads configuration files from asset paths, allowing flexible pipeline setup. The processing functions modify pipeline configs conditionally, particularly removing record-related data for performance optimization ('fast' mode). The functions invoke external pipeline methods that are assumed to process and return HTML-related data. No user input is directly executed or injected; data flows are straightforward. No suspicious behavior, such as network activity, code injection, or data exfiltration, is evident. No hardcoded credentials or cryptic operations are present. Overall, the code appears to be a standard application of configurable processing pipelines without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a safe, configurable HTML processing utility utilizing external pipeline modules. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leaks, or backdoors. The design is typical for such processing tasks, with no suspicious patterns or security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}