{
  "purpose": "Configure pytest to selectively discard test items based on a custom marker 'deselect_if'.",
  "sources": "User-provided test collection and configuration data, specifically the 'markers' configuration and test items during collection modification.",
  "sinks": "Potential execution of user-provided functions via 'func(**item.callspec.params)', which may execute untrusted code if the function or parameters are maliciously provided.",
  "flows": "The marker 'deselect_if' with a user-supplied function 'func' is retrieved from test item markers; this function is invoked with test parameters; if it returns True, the test item is deselected and removed from the collection.",
  "anomalies": "Usage of user-defined functions ('func') from test markers that could be malicious if untrusted; no validation or sanitization of 'func' is performed before invocation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines pytest configuration hooks for test collection. It allows tests to be deselected dynamically based on a function specified in a custom marker. During collection modification, it retrieves the 'deselect_if' marker and calls the user-provided 'func' with test parameters. If 'func' returns True, the test item is deselected and removed. The key security concern is that 'func' is invoked directly without any validation, which could lead to execution of malicious code if an attacker supplies a crafted marker. However, the code itself does not perform any malicious actions beyond this invocation. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The code structure and logic are standard for pytest configuration, with no obfuscation detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate pytest configuration snippet enabling dynamic test deselection via user-supplied functions. Its security risk hinges entirely on the trustworthiness of the 'func' supplied in markers. If 'func' is controlled by an untrusted source, it could execute malicious code. Otherwise, it appears benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}