{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Python library to interact with Salesforce via REST API, including authentication, querying, and object management functions.",
  "sources": "Inputs come from method parameters, file reads (e.g., JSON files), and external requests (API responses). Data read from files and user-provided parameters are primary data sources.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include HTTP requests (requests.post), file operations (reading JSON), and Salesforce object creation/update/delete methods that send data to Salesforce API.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from user inputs or files can flow into Salesforce API requests via object creation or updates. Data from external responses is processed and may be used to generate further requests.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets. Usage of external requests and dynamic data handling appear standard. No obfuscation or unusual language features detected. No code injections, or data leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code manages authentication securely via token exchange and session handling. It performs Salesforce object operations and queries with appropriate API calls. File reading is straightforward. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden network communications, or backdoors are present. Data flows from inputs (parameters and files) to API calls and database operations in a controlled manner. No suspicious hardcoded secrets are detected, and external requests are properly handled with error checking. Overall, the code functions as intended for Salesforce interactions without indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate Salesforce integration library with no evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior. It correctly handles inputs, performs API requests, and manages Salesforce objects securely. There are no signs of malware or malicious data leaks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}