{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Python library for interacting with Salesforce via REST API, supporting authentication, querying, object creation, updates, deletions, and other Salesforce operations.",
  "sources": "Inputs are primarily user credentials, configuration parameters, file paths, and data inputs for Salesforce operations, such as API tokens, object IDs, query strings, and JSON files.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data such as session tokens, API tokens, object IDs, and query results. Data can be returned or stored in variables, files, or passed to other functions.",
  "flows": "User supplies credentials or file paths -> Authentication methods obtain access tokens or session info -> Query and data manipulation methods send requests to Salesforce -> Data flows from inputs to Salesforce or from Salesforce back to variables or files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. Use of external requests and Salesforce SDK is standard. The code includes detailed comments and docstrings, with no obfuscated or unusual language features. No unusual or malicious behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a comprehensive wrapper for Salesforce REST API interactions, including authentication, data querying, object management, and data import functions. All external inputs (credentials, file paths, query strings) are typical for such libraries. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network behavior are evident. The methods rely on user-provided data and standard API calls, with no signs of malicious code, such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors. The logic is straightforward, and error handling is appropriate. There are no obfuscated or complex code patterns that could hide malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Salesforce API wrapper library with no indications of malicious or sabotage behavior. It performs expected functions for Salesforce integration without any suspicious or harmful actions. It is safe based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}