{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python library for interacting with Salesforce via REST API, including authentication, querying, and object manipulation.",
  "sources": "User inputs such as SQL queries, JSON files for mappings, and method parameters (e.g., object ids, data dictionaries). External requests to Salesforce API, file reads for JSON mappings.",
  "sinks": "Requests to Salesforce API, file reading, data manipulation functions, JSON parsing, and response handling. Possible data leakage through API responses or file contents.",
  "flows": "Input data (queries, object IDs, data dictionaries, files) flows into methods such as salesforce_query, create/update/delete object functions. API requests are made with this data. Responses are processed and returned or stored in internal variables.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets present. No suspicious code constructs like eval, exec, or dynamic code execution. External API calls are standard for Salesforce integrations. No signs of obfuscated code or backdoors. The JSON file reading uses standard open/read, no suspicious handling. No indications of malicious data exfiltration or system manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The code implements typical Salesforce API interactions, including authentication, queries, and object CRUD operations. It uses standard requests for OAuth token exchange and REST API calls via simple_salesforce. No hardcoded secrets, no dynamic execution, and no suspicious network domains or behaviors. Data flows are typical for such integrations. No anomalies such as hidden backdoors, malicious data exfiltration, or code injections are detected. The code’s functionality aligns with documented API usage, and the overall structure is straightforward and consistent with legitimate library functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard Salesforce API wrapper with no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage. It performs legitimate functions such as querying, creating, updating, and deleting Salesforce objects. No suspicious or malicious behavior was detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}