{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python library for interacting with Salesforce via REST API, including authentication, querying, object management, and data loading functions.",
  "sources": "Data inputs from files (JSON, dictionaries, tables), user parameters (e.g., credentials, object IDs), and API responses.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe execution points include API request responses, file reads, and data passing into Salesforce objects, but no direct data leaks or untrusted code execution mechanisms are identified.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., credentials, file contents, query strings) flows into API request functions; results and error information are processed and stored in class attributes or returned objects. No evidence of malicious command or data injection paths.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, no backdoors, or unusual code structures are evident. No obfuscated or misleading code is present. The code adheres to standard patterns for API interaction and data processing.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs API requests, file reading, and data handling for Salesforce objects. It includes typical authentication flows, query operations, and data manipulations. The class methods use external libraries such as requests and simple_salesforce, which are standard for Salesforce integrations. No signs of malicious behavior like network exfiltration, command execution, or data theft are observed. Input handling appears safe, with proper JSON parsing and parameter passing. The absence of hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network calls indicates low likelihood of malicious intent. The code structure is straightforward and does not contain obfuscation or deceptive patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a Salesforce API client with data management features. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The design and implementation follow standard practices for secure API interaction. Overall, the code is safe with low suspicion.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}