{
  "purpose": "This code provides a framework for managing, querying, and processing AIS (Automatic Identification System) data from various message types, supporting data ingestion, filtering, and export to multiple formats.",
  "sources": "Input data is read via `cached_query()` calls, data is fetched from database tables, and file inputs are processed through `split_file_generator()`. Filter parameters are passed via method arguments, and environment variables are not directly used.",
  "sinks": "Data outputs include exporting to CSV, shapefile, KML, Excel, and WKT formats; database insertions via parameterized queries; and data processing routines. No network or external system interactions are explicitly present.",
  "flows": "Input data from files is processed in chunks, filtered, and inserted into the database. Query parameters are dynamically constructed based on user filters and method arguments, then passed to `cached_query()`, which safely executes parameterized SQL queries, returning data for export or analysis. Data flow remains within local processing, database storage, and file exports, with no external system calls or network activities.",
  "anomalies": "The code extensively uses parameterized queries to prevent SQL injection. There are no hardcoded credentials or secrets. Use of `json.dumps()` for certain fields (e.g., 'tagblock_group') is consistent with storing JSON data; no signs of obfuscation or hidden code. Logging is used for debugging but appears standard. No suspicious data leakage, network activity, or backdoors are detected. Exception handling is standard and does not hide malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple classes for handling different AIS message types, focusing on safe data processing, filtering, and exporting. The insertion methods utilize parameterized SQL statements, reducing injection risk. Data flows are local, with no external network calls or suspicious code behavior. The use of dynamic query building is constrained to safe parameterized queries. The presence of logging and error handling appears normal, without hiding or obfuscating malicious actions. Overall, the code demonstrates standard data management practices without malicious intent or security vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical data processing framework for AIS data, emphasizing safety through parameterized queries and local data handling. No malicious behaviors, sabotage, or malicious intent are detected. The code appears secure, with no signs of malware, data leakage, or supply chain sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}