{
  "purpose": "The code manages AIS data by providing database initialization, filtering, querying, and exporting functionalities for various message types. It processes raw data files, stores parsed messages in a DuckDB database, and offers export options like GeoJSON, CSV, shapefile, KML, and WKT.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from files via split_file_generator, processes messages decoded from ais.stream, and executes parameterized SQL queries on the local DuckDB connection. No external network activity is present.",
  "sinks": "Data is stored in local DuckDB tables, and exported to files (GeoJSON, CSV, shapefile, KML, Excel, WKT). No untrusted data is sent over the network or to external systems.",
  "flows": "Input files are chunked and decoded; messages are filtered and inserted into database tables via parameterized queries; data is queried with filters and exported in various formats. No external network calls or data exfiltration are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns detected. Use of print statements in exception handling could be replaced with logging for consistency but does not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscation are present.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard practices for data processing, including parameterized SQL queries, exception handling, and JSON serialization. It handles multiple message types with specific insert and query logic, ensuring data integrity. No external network activity, obfuscation, or malicious behavior is evident. The structure is transparent and domain-specific, focused on AIS data management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured data management framework for AIS data with no signs of malicious activity, sabotage, or obfuscation. It follows best practices for security and data handling, and the overall security posture is sound.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}