{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to retrieve and display the version information of a package, either from an environment variable override or from a static version file.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from an environment variable 'SETUPTOOLS_SCM_PRETEND_VERSION' and from a version file '_static_version.py' located within the package directory.",
  "sinks": "The environment variable value and contents of the version file could influence the version output. The 'exec' function executes code read from the version file, which could be malicious if the file content is malicious.",
  "flows": "If the environment variable is set, its value directly determines the version (source to sink: environment variable to version return). Otherwise, the static version file is read and executed, which could lead to executing malicious code if the file is compromised.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'exec' to execute code read from a file is inherently risky and potentially malicious. The code does not sanitize or validate the content before execution, creating a security concern. The environment variable override provides an external input that could be maliciously controlled.",
  "analysis": "The code retrieves version information either from an environment variable or from a static version file. The environment variable 'SETUPTOOLS_SCM_PRETEND_VERSION' can override the version, which is standard practice. The static version info is loaded by reading a file and executing its contents via 'exec', which is a known security risk because it allows execution of arbitrary code if the file is malicious. The code does not sanitize or validate the file content, increasing the risk. The rest of the code is straightforward, and there are no network operations, backdoors, or suspicious behavior beyond the use of 'exec'.",
  "conclusion": "The code has a significant security concern due to the use of 'exec' on file contents, which could lead to execution of malicious code if the '_static_version.py' file is compromised. The environment variable override is standard but also potentially exploitable if an attacker can control the environment variable. Overall, the code itself is not malicious but contains a high-risk pattern ('exec') that should be handled carefully. The malware score is low, but the security risk score is moderate due to the unsafe code execution.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 4
}