{
  "purpose": "Helper functions for geometric operations involving curves and surfaces, including tangent, normal, and control point calculations.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as 'obj', 'uv', 'param_list', 't', and curve/surface objects. Data is read via method calls like 'derivatives', 'ctrlpts', and 'knotvector'.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include return statements providing geometric data; no explicit untrusted data sinks such as network or file I/O are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through derivative calculations and control point extraction functions, with normalization and geometric operations performed internally, returning geometric tuples.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code are present. The functions perform standard geometric computations. The 'link_curves' function includes validation for curve continuity but does not perform external actions or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard geometric operations using method calls on curve and surface objects, with clear input validation and data processing. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious logic such as network access or file modification is observed. The only potential concern is the 'link_curves' function's validation feature, which checks curve continuity but does not involve external I/O or security-sensitive actions. All calculations are mathematical and self-contained. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are found. The code relies on external objects and methods for geometric data, but there is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate set of geometric utility functions for NURBS curve and surface analysis. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. The functions perform standard operations with no suspicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}