{
  "purpose": "Helper functions for evaluating tangents, normals, control points, and linking curves and surfaces in geometric modeling.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for functions such as obj (curves or surfaces), parameter values (u, v, t), and lists of parameters.",
  "sinks": "Return values of tangent, normal, and control point evaluation functions, and the link_curves function output which constructs composite B-spline representations.",
  "flows": "Input data (curves/surfaces and parameters) flows into derivative and geometric evaluation functions; control points and tangent vectors flow back as output. The link_curves function assembles multiple curve objects into a continuous spline representation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior, hardcoded secrets, or hidden backdoors. Functions perform standard geometric calculations. No network operations, file I/O, or environment variable usage. The use of `raise` for exceptions is standard. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or misleading variable names.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs geometric computations involving derivatives, tangent and normal vector evaluations, and control point extraction for NURBS curves and surfaces. The functions leverage standard practices in computational geometry, including derivative evaluations and span calculations. The link_curves function concatenates multiple curve objects, verifying continuity within a specified tolerance, and assembles a composite spline. All operations are straightforward and typical for such applications. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote communication, or system manipulation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of geometric evaluation routines for NURBS-based modeling. It does not contain malicious or suspicious behavior. It functions as intended for geometric computations and spline assembly without security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}