{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for geographic data visualization, processing, and merging geographic information system (GIS) data related to US states, counties, MSAs, and HRRs, primarily for plotting COVID-19 related data on maps.",
  "sources": "Reads data from shapefiles and pandas DataFrames, accesses package resources, and uses user-provided data inputs for geographic and COVID-19 data.",
  "sinks": "Uses plotting functions (matplotlib, imageio), file writing for images and GIFs, and reads shapefiles; no data leaks or untrusted outputs are directly sent over the network.",
  "flows": "Data flows from pandas DataFrames into geographic merge and plot functions, then visualizations are generated and saved as images or GIFs.",
  "anomalies": "Use of heavily obfuscated variable names throughout the code (e.g., 'ogzTZoakhEwItfIccRiGWkrfWiELlvLO', 'yxplioXKMoRCYBeTrHuSKcKluNHIZHZF', etc.), which complicates understanding. The code imports an unknown module '.covidcast' and calls functions from it without inspecting their content; these may potentially perform hidden malicious actions. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious network activity, such as data exfiltration, is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a set of geographic data processing and visualization functions, primarily for plotting COVID-19 data on US maps at various geographic levels. The variable names are intentionally obscured, which may hinder readability but does not inherently indicate malicious intent. The functions read shapefiles from resources and merge them with data, then generate static maps or GIF animations. There are no indications of external network connections, data exfiltration, or reverse shell activities. The import of an internal module '.covidcast' could be legitimate or could potentially hide malicious code, but without its content, no conclusion can be made. The obfuscation of variable names might be used to hide malicious intent or simply to deter reverse engineering. Overall, no suspicious behaviors like code injection, backdoors, or data theft are detected in this code segment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for geographic data processing and visualization, with heavily obfuscated variable names. No evidence of malicious behavior or malware was found within this code segment. The reliance on external resources and modules cannot be fully verified here; thus, confidence in safety is moderate. No malicious signals or security risks are apparent based on the code provided.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}