{
  "purpose": "The class provides simple character substitution-based encoding and decoding functions for strings, likely for obfuscation or aesthetic purposes rather than security.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through the 'encrypt' and 'decrypt' methods when they are called with a string argument.",
  "sinks": "The methods output transformed strings; they do not perform any direct output or network operations. There are no sinks that send data over the network, write to files, or access sensitive data.",
  "flows": "Input strings are processed through sequential replace calls, transforming characters into emoji or special characters (source). The output is the encoded string (sink). There is a direct flow from method input to output via character substitution.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses extensive string replacements to encode/decode characters, which is a very basic form of obfuscation. It contains no dynamic code execution, no network activity, no use of environment variables, no hardcoded credentials, and no suspicious imports or external calls. The methods perform purely in-memory string transformation with static mappings.",
  "analysis": "The class 'TokenCryptor' provides methods for encoding and decoding strings through a series of replace operations, substituting characters with emojis or special symbols. The implementation is straightforward, with static mappings and no external dependencies or interactions. It appears intended for obfuscation rather than security, as it offers no cryptographic strength, key management, or security features. No malicious behaviors, such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors, are evident. The code's purpose seems limited to aesthetic or obfuscation tasks, not security or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple character substitution obfuscation utility with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It neither reads nor writes sensitive data or performs network operations. There are no backdoors, no hardcoded credentials, and no malicious payloads. The implementation is straightforward, with no obfuscation beyond static string replacements, and does not pose security threats.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}