{
  "purpose": "Media processing and conversion using ffmpeg, with validation of input/output paths and dynamic command construction based on configuration.",
  "sources": "Input and output file paths, class attributes for configuration parameters",
  "sinks": "Execution of ffmpeg commands, logging outputs, creation and deletion of test files for writability checks",
  "flows": "Source attributes used to build ffmpeg command-line arguments, which are then executed; file validation functions read/write files to verify accessibility",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated class and variable names, creation and deletion of test files for writability, dynamic command construction based on class attributes without explicit input sanitization",
  "analysis": "The code is designed for media conversion tasks, with functions to validate file paths and build ffmpeg commands dynamically. Obfuscation reduces readability but does not inherently indicate malicious intent. The creation and deletion of test files for writability are unusual but not malicious. No hardcoded secrets, network activity, or malicious payloads are evident. The primary concern is potential command injection if class attributes are influenced by untrusted input, as commands are constructed dynamically. Malware and malicious activity are not observed; scores reflect the absence of such behaviors. Obfuscation is high, which hampers clarity but is not proof of malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility with some obfuscation, and the risk is primarily related to input sanitization rather than malicious sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate media processing utility with obfuscation that hampers readability but does not demonstrate malicious intent. The main security concern is potential command injection if inputs are untrusted, but no actual malicious activity or payloads are present. Malware score remains at 0, obfuscation is high, and overall risk is low to moderate. Continued vigilance regarding input sanitization is recommended.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}