{
  "purpose": "The code defines a perimeter function that processes input arguments to calculate the perimeter or related measurements for various geometric shapes by parsing the inputs and calling shape-specific functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input arguments via *args passed to the perimeter function and the param_parser function, which likely processes these arguments.",
  "sinks": "The code calls shape-specific functions (e.g., square, rectangle, circle, etc.) which may contain internal logic that could be a sink if untrusted data is processed insecurely, but based on this code snippet, these are imported modules.",
  "flows": "Input args → param_parser(args) → shape identification → shape-specific function call (e.g., square(dimensions))",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or suspicious code structures are present. The code mainly routes inputs to shape calculation functions. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code verifies the presence of arguments before processing. It relies on param_parser to interpret inputs and determine the shape. It then calls the corresponding shape function to compute and return the result. The shape functions are imported modules, whose internal implementations are unknown, but their usage here appears straightforward. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, data leaks, or suspicious behaviors. No hardcoded secrets or dangerous operations are evident. The structure is standard for a shape perimeter calculator, with clear input validation and routing.",
  "conclusion": "There are no indicators of malicious intent or security risks within this code snippet. It functions as a simple router to shape calculation modules. Since imported modules could potentially contain issues, a comprehensive review would require examining those modules, but based solely on this code, it appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}