{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom exception classes and a specific class for handling OAuth2 request errors and responses, primarily for OAuth2/OpenID Connect error handling and request validation.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from 'self.request' dictionary, specifically 'redirect_uri', 'response_type', and 'state'. No other external data sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points are the creation of AuthorizationErrorResponse objects with error details and the use of request parameters for URL redirection. No direct unsafe data sinks like system commands or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'self.request' flows into error response objects via 'QELNLcKohaLvIgjFyfVOJPWHSNXPvPwI' methods, which generate OAuth2 error responses, primarily during error handling scenarios.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code detected. The code contains mostly standard OAuth2 error handling classes with unusually obfuscated class names and method names, which could be a form of minimal obfuscation, but no malicious obfuscation or malicious code behavior is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement custom exception classes and error response handling for OAuth2 flows, including validation and error response generation. The methods involve fetching request parameters and constructing OAuth2 error response objects, which is typical for such modules. No code injection, data exfiltration, or system manipulation mechanisms are visible. The only unusual aspect is the heavily obfuscated class and method names, which may hinder readability but do not indicate malicious intent. There are no network calls, file access, or external command executions. Overall, the code performs standard OAuth2 error handling without suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard OAuth2 error handling module with obfuscated class and method names. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or supply chain attacks. Its purpose appears to be safe error response management within an OAuth2/OpenID Connect implementation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}