{
  "purpose": "A comprehensive multi-protocol proxy framework supporting HTTP, SOCKS, WebSocket, SSL, SSH, and other protocols, designed for relaying and tunneling network traffic.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from network streams, socket connections, and protocol headers; accesses environment variables and system socket information.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes data to network sockets, including encrypted streams; processes untrusted input from network clients; handles protocol-specific data streams.",
  "flows": "Input data from clients (sources) flows through protocol handlers and cryptographic layers, then to remote servers or clients (sinks); data may be intercepted, decrypted, or relayed depending on protocol logic.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or backdoors; cryptographic functions are standard; code employs extensive protocol support with placeholders; no obfuscation detected; complex control flows but transparent variable naming.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a multi-protocol proxy with support for HTTP, SOCKS, WebSocket, SSL, SSH, and other protocols. It employs standard cryptographic functions (hashing, HMAC), protocol detection, and connection relaying. No malicious payloads, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious data leaks are evident. The presence of SSL wrapping and system socket info access could be misused for traffic interception or covert channels, but the implementation appears standard. The code is not obfuscated, and no backdoors are present. Its complexity and flexibility could be exploited if misconfigured, but this does not indicate malicious intent. The malware scores across reports are all low (0 or 0.2), and the obfuscation scores are 0, consistent with the code transparency. The security risk scores are moderate (~0.2-0.4), reflecting potential for misuse but no inherent malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, multi-protocol proxy framework with no explicit malicious payloads or backdoors. Its extensive protocol support and cryptographic features could be exploited if misused, but the code itself does not contain malware. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate and consistent with the analysis. Overall, the code appears safe for deployment with standard security controls.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}