{
  "purpose": "This code manages authentication to Salesforce using different methods (SOAP, OAuth2, access token) and establishes a connection.",
  "sources": "User inputs: domain, username, password, security_token, client_id, client_secret, access_token; data fetched from responses: JSON from API calls; environment variables indirectly via session management.",
  "sinks": "HTTP POST requests to OAuth and SOAP endpoints; JSON responses; session object creation.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to determine the authentication method, then HTTP requests are made with these parameters, and responses are processed to establish a connection.",
  "anomalies": "None of the code involves hard-coded secrets or credentials. The `print(instance_url)` could leak internal URLs in logs, but this is benign for security. The code uses standard libraries and methods for network communication and response handling. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. No dynamic code execution or hidden backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard authentication procedures with Salesforce services, including constructing URLs, forming request bodies, and parsing responses. It uses user input parameters securely passed through function arguments, with no signs of hardcoded secrets or malicious data handling. The response processing appears typical, with error handling for common authentication failures. The `print` statement could leak URL details but is not inherently malicious. No suspicious or malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of Salesforce authentication methods with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. The only minor concern is the debug print statement which could leak URLs in logs, but it does not pose a security threat. Overall, this appears to be legitimate, secure code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}