{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions for constructing, signing, and sending email messages with support for attachments, headers, encoding, and optional transformations.",
  "sources": "Data inputs from function parameters, class attributes, email headers, and possibly file-like objects for HTML/Text content.",
  "sinks": "Email message generation, header setting, attachment handling, and SMTP transmission.",
  "flows": "Input data (headers, content, recipients) → header encoding and sanitization → message building (including headers, attachments, HTML/Text parts) → optional signing → SMTP sending.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic properties and callables for date and message ID may indicate flexible data handling but are not inherently suspicious. No hardcoded credentials or obfuscated code are present. Use of external modules for email handling and signing appears standard. No unusual or malicious-looking code such as network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive email message construction library with features for encoding, header sanitization, and signing. It adheres to standard practices for email handling, including header validation to prevent injection, and supports attachments and multipart messages. The SMTP transmission method uses a pool factory pattern for managing SMTP connections, which is a typical design. No network or system compromise functions are present. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious URL calls, or obfuscated code detected. The structure and content appear consistent with a legitimate email utility library.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate email message building and sending library with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It includes standard features for email handling and signing, with appropriate safeguards against header injection. No malware or malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}