{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions for constructing, signing, and sending email messages with support for HTML, attachments, headers, and integration with Django. It facilitates email message creation and delivery, including security features like header sanitization and DKIM signing.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include parameters to class constructors, methods like set_mail_from, set_mail_to, set_cc, set_bcc, and set_headers, as well as file-like objects for HTML and text content. Data flows include reading from these inputs during message construction, signing, and transmission.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include email headers (set_header), message content (set_html, set_text), and the SMTP backend's sendmail method, which transmits email data over the network.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-controlled input parameters (e.g., mail_from, mail_to, headers, html, text) through sanitization and encoding functions, into email message parts, and finally to the SMTP send method. Signing operations modify the message or its string representation before transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. Use of external functions like parse_name_and_email, sanitize_address, and encode_header_ suggests standard processing. No evidence of code obfuscation, malicious network connections, or hidden payloads is present. The code properly sanitizes header inputs to prevent injection. The inclusion of the DKIMSigner is standard for email signing, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs email messages with proper handling for headers, content, and attachments. It includes standard security practices such as header sanitization to prevent injection and supports DKIM signing for message integrity. The network interactions are limited to SMTP backend email transmission, with no indication of malicious network behavior. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious patterns are present. The functions and classes follow conventional design patterns for email handling, with safe use of external utilities and libraries. Overall, the code appears legitimate and does not exhibit malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical email message construction and sending library with appropriate security precautions. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The security risk is low, and the likelihood of malicious intent is minimal. No suspicious anomalies or obfuscated code are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}