{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for constructing, signing, and sending email messages, with support for HTML/text parts, attachments, and headers. It is intended for building and dispatching emails programmatically.",
  "sources": "Inputs include email addresses and headers parsed from user input or function parameters, email content (HTML, text), attachments, and configuration parameters for SMTP and signing.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the SMTP 'sendmail' method, which transmits the constructed email message. Additionally, email headers and content are processed and encoded, but no direct data leakage or unsafe execution is evident.",
  "flows": "User-provided email addresses and content flow into email message construction functions, which encode and assemble the message. The final message is passed to SMTP.sendmail for transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious external domain connections, or backdoors are evident. The code performs standard email construction and signing operations. No signs of obfuscation, malicious behavior, or unusual code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured approach to building email messages with support for headers, HTML/text parts, attachments, and signing via DKIM. Header injection prevention is implemented by sanitizing header values. The message signing and sending mechanisms rely on external classes but appear standard and benign. No malicious payloads, external network connections, or data exfiltration methods are identified. The code handles user input safely and adheres to common email standards.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate email utility library for constructing, signing, and sending emails. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious payloads. It implements typical email processing features with appropriate input sanitization.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}