{
  "purpose": "The code generates styled user profile images, incorporating avatar images (from URLs or local assets), overlays, and textual information such as level, experience, and rank. It processes images dynamically to produce a composite profile card.",
  "sources": "Reads avatar images from URLs or local Image objects; loads assets such as overlay images, masks, fonts, and color parameters from local files or environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Outputs a generated image as bytes, potentially for display or upload; fetches external images via async HTTP requests, which could be exploited for data exfiltration if URLs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Source (URL/local image) → image processing and overlay → composition with text and progress bars → output as byte stream.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of malformed or incomplete code snippets, inconsistent variable naming, and obfuscated code segments suggest possible obfuscation or code corruption. External URL fetching introduces potential security considerations, but no active malicious activity is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code performs complex image manipulations, including fetching avatars asynchronously, overlaying assets, drawing text, and generating progress bars. While some variable names and code snippets appear obfuscated or malformed, these do not directly indicate malicious intent. The use of external URLs is typical for avatar fetching but could be exploited if URLs are maliciously controlled. No evidence of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious commands is present. The malware score is set to 0, reflecting the absence of malicious behavior. The obfuscation score is moderate due to irregular code segments, and the security risk is low to moderate, primarily because of external URL usage and code irregularities.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for generating user profile images with styled overlays and dynamic content. Despite obfuscation and malformed snippets, there is no evidence of malicious activity or malware. The primary concern is the potential misuse of external URLs, which should be monitored in deployment environments. Overall, the code is benign but warrants cautious review of obfuscated sections.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}