{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and functions for rendering a styled menu interface in the console, including headers, sections, items, footers, and prompts.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include text inputs such as the 'title', 'subtitle', 'text', 'prompt_string', and menu items' text properties, as well as configuration objects like 'menu_style' and 'max_dimension'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve string formatting and output generation methods that assemble menu display strings, notably in 'row' methods and the 'generate' methods across classes. These outputs are intended for display, not system or network interaction.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input properties (e.g., 'title', 'text', 'prompt_string') through formatting and wrapping functions, eventually yielding formatted strings for display. No external system calls or network interactions are present.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The code relies on standard string operations, property accessors, and formatting. The only external dependency is 'ansiwrap' or 'textwrap' for string length calculations. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured to generate styled menu components using object-oriented principles, property decorators, and string formatting. It performs string wrapping, alignment, and border calculations to prepare display output. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or system modification are present. The code does not handle external inputs beyond display text and configuration objects. The use of 'ansiwrap' for ANSI code handling is standard. Overall, the code appears to be a straightforward menu rendering library without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard console menu rendering module with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. It handles styling and layout for console menus and prompts without performing any system modifications, network operations, or data theft. The code is safe and intended solely for user interface display purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}