{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and functions for rendering styled menu components in a console interface, including headers, text sections, items, footers, and prompts, with customizable styles and dimensions.",
  "sources": "Input sources include the 'ansiwrap' module for string length calculations, and properties like 'title', 'subtitle', 'text', 'items', and 'prompt' provided to class instances. Data flows through property setters and the generate() methods yielding formatted strings.",
  "sinks": "Generated strings from the generate() methods that output formatted menu components and prompts. These are mainly used for display purposes and do not handle untrusted input directly affecting system state or data.",
  "flows": "Input properties such as 'title', 'subtitle', 'text', 'items', and 'prompt' flow through formatting functions, with wrapping and alignment. These produce visual output for console display; no data is sent over network or stored insecurely within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. The code relies on external styling objects and string formatting. No unusual dynamic execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious imports are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically defines various menu components with methods for rendering styled text in the console, including handling of ANSI codes for length calculations. All input data appears to be used solely for display formatting, with no evident data exfiltration, network communication, or system modification. The import of 'ansiwrap' is used for string length calculations, and fallback to 'textwrap' is safe. No external or untrusted data sources are processed in a way that could introduce malicious behavior. The design focuses on safe string formatting and output generation for console menus.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the detailed review, the code appears to be a standard console menu rendering module with no malicious intent or security risks. It handles display formatting securely and does not perform any network communication, data theft, or system modification. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}