{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for constructing and rendering menu components in a console interface, including headers, text sections, item sections, footers, and prompts. Its primary purpose is to generate formatted menu UI elements.",
  "sources": "Potential data inputs include method arguments such as 'title', 'text', 'prompt_string', and 'items' (for menu items), as well as properties from imported classes like 'menu_style', 'max_dimension', and 'item' objects. These are read during rendering and configuration.",
  "sinks": "Generated strings for display in the terminal via 'yield' statements. No data is written to files, network, or external systems within this code.",
  "flows": "Input data (titles, menu items, prompt strings) are processed and formatted into strings via methods like 'row()' and 'generate()'. These strings are yielded for display purposes. There are no untrusted data flows to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or sensitive data present. Usage of 'ansiwrap' for ANSI code handling appears safe. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution. No network connections, file I/O, or cryptography present. The code is structured for UI rendering with no hidden or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is focused on rendering console menu components with clear input and output flows. It employs safe string formatting, standard class inheritance, and property management. No suspicious or malicious patterns such as network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection are evident. The use of 'ansilen' and 'textwrap' is for formatting and does not introduce risk. The code’s purpose is purely UI presentation logic, and it does not manipulate system resources or external systems.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a non-malicious, well-structured module for creating console menu interfaces. There are no indications of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. It functions solely to generate formatted strings for UI purposes with no evident security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}