{
  "purpose": "Implementation of a custom Timestamp class supporting extended date ranges and timezone-aware datetime operations.",
  "sources": "Imports modules (datetime, functools, typing) and internal modules (.date, .impl.util, .impl.hapi) for encoding/decoding and utility functions.",
  "sinks": "Uses external modules for encoding/decoding date/time, performs date/time conversions, timezone adjustments, and comparisons.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through encoding functions, internal calculations, and conversions between hyper date/time values and Python datetime objects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Uses external internal functions for encoding/decoding, which could potentially be obfuscated but are standard for such implementations. No suspicious network or system calls present. No use of eval, exec, or similar dynamic code execution methods. The code appears to be a typical implementation of date/time handling with extended support.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Timestamp class supporting a wide range of dates, including timezone-aware conversions. It uses internal encoding/decoding functions from imported modules to handle date/time components, avoiding unsafe code execution. The methods utilize standard Python libraries for date/time manipulation and timezone adjustments. No signs of data leaks, hardcoded secrets, or malicious payloads are present. The class is designed to provide extended date support and timezone handling without executing any external code or network activity. The internal functions imported for encoding/decoding are not provided, but their usage appears consistent with typical date/time processing and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured implementation of a custom Timestamp class with extended date range support and timezone handling. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or suspicious activity is evident. The overall security risk is very low, and there are no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}