{
  "purpose": "Provides tools for storing and searching data entries in a tablestore database, integrating with a FastMCP server.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration settings, input parameters ('information', 'query'), and metadata from external sources, primarily through function arguments and imported modules.",
  "sinks": "Stores data into the tablestore database; outputs response strings; constructs XML-like strings for search results.",
  "flows": "Input data ('information', 'query') flows from external sources into store/search functions; data is stored via tablestore_connector.store() and retrieved via tablestore_connector.search(). Results are formatted and returned as strings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No use of environment variables for sensitive data. No evident obfuscated code or dynamic execution. The code structure is straightforward. Search results are formatted as XML-like strings, which is benign but could be misleading if parsed improperly, though no malicious intent is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes configuration objects and a connector for a tablestore database. It defines two asynchronous functions: one for storing information and one for searching. The store function creates an Entry with provided content and optional metadata, then stores it. The search function queries entries and formats the results as XML-like strings, including query parameters in the output. There are no indications of malicious code such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or backdoors. Input validation appears minimal but not inherently malicious. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activity are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of storage and search functionalities with no evident malicious intent or security risks. It performs straightforward data handling without suspicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}