{
  "purpose": "The code implements a server with tools for storing and searching data in a table store, exposing asynchronous functions via a FastMCP interface.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'information' parameter in 'store' and 'query' parameter in 'search'. Configuration settings are loaded from imported settings modules. Data is fetched from 'tablestore_connector' methods.",
  "sinks": "Data from 'information' and 'query' are processed and included in responses. 'information' is stored directly; 'query' results are formatted into XML-like strings with embedded content and metadata.",
  "flows": "User input ('information' and 'query') flows into storage or search functions, which then access the tablestore connector and generate responses based on stored data. The search results include serialized metadata within XML format.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No unusual or suspicious code constructs. No evident obfuscation or dynamic code execution. Logging is standard. Use of json.dumps on potentially untrusted metadata is noted but appears safe.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily facilitates storing and retrieving data through defined tools. Inputs are parameters to async functions, and outputs are formatted responses. The 'store' function directly stores user input without sanitization, but this is typical for such storage operations. The 'search' function formats output in XML, which is safe provided data is properly escaped; no evidence of malicious content injection is apparent. No network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The code does not process untrusted code or execute dynamic code. Configuration and data handling appear straightforward without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a data storage and retrieval interface with no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain security issues. It relies on standard practices and does not contain suspicious or malicious code segments. There are no evident security risks or malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}