{
  "purpose": "This code implements a server for storing and searching tablestore entries via a fast-mcp framework, providing tools for storing information with metadata and searching entries based on queries.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from the 'information' parameter in the 'store' function, 'query' parameter in the 'search' function, and configuration settings during initialization.",
  "sinks": "Stores data into the tablestore via 'tablestore_connector.store', and outputs search results as formatted strings and JSON-encoded metadata.",
  "flows": "Input 'information' flows into 'Entry' creation and storage; 'query' flows into 'search', which retrieves entries; metadata may contain untrusted data that is JSON-encoded and embedded into output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code observed. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or obfuscated code. The only potential concern is that search results include user input in output strings, which could lead to injection in consuming systems if not properly sanitized, but this is a typical pattern for search functions.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes multiple configuration settings, creates a connector, and defines two async tools for storing and searching tablestore entries. The 'store' function creates an entry with user-provided 'information' and optional metadata, storing it without sanitization but in a controlled environment. The 'search' function retrieves entries and formats the output in XML, embedding user-provided 'query' directly into output strings. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, credential theft, or backdoors. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are present. The use of JSON dumps and string formatting is standard. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate storage and retrieval server component without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a storage and search server with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It correctly uses provided configurations, stores data, and formats search results for downstream use. There are no security risks identified beyond typical data handling considerations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}