{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for checking library installations, converting data types, and validating operator input/output counts and types in a machine learning framework.",
  "sources": "Import statements for standard libraries (numbers, numpy, warnings, packaging), import statements within functions for optional packages, internal functions accessing module attributes.",
  "sinks": "No clear sink points where untrusted data is used directly; no data leaks, system calls, or network communication. Import statements are static, and function operations are data transformations.",
  "flows": "Mostly internal function calls and attribute access; no external data flows from untrusted sources to critical system components or data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code. The code mainly checks for package presence, converts data types, and validates operator parameters. The import functions check for optional dependencies but do not dynamically execute untrusted code or perform network operations. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The get_* functions import and return module attributes, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles package availability checks, data type conversions, and validation of operator inputs and outputs. All import statements are static and limited to library presence detection or internal module attributes. No dynamic execution of code, network communication, or manipulation of environment variables occurs. The functions perform straightforward logic with no obfuscation or malicious intent. The code appears to be a standard utility module for a machine learning framework, with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility module designed for dependency checking and data validation within a larger framework. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, supply chain sabotage, or malware. The code is well-structured, clear, and does not contain suspicious or harmful patterns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}