{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions to check the availability of various machine learning libraries, handle data type conversions, and validate input/output counts and types for operators in a larger ML framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads import statements to verify library presence, internal module attributes (e.g., __producer__, __producer_version__, etc.), and input data types via function parameters.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are explicitly present; the functions perform checks and return boolean flags or raise exceptions. There are no data leaks or harmful operations.",
  "flows": "The functions primarily check for library installations or validate data types, with internal helper functions retrieving module-level constants. No flow involves untrusted user input leading to harmful actions.",
  "anomalies": "There are no unusual or suspicious code behaviors, no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or hidden malicious logic. The version checks and library import validations are standard. The only slight concern is the import of internal variables (__producer__, etc.) which could potentially be misused if those are manipulated externally, but this is a common pattern for metadata retrieval.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple straightforward utility functions for environment checks and data validation. The library import checks are simple try-except blocks, and no dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or external data fetching is present. The internal helper functions merely return module metadata. Data conversion functions handle data types with standard Python and NumPy checks. The validation functions verify operator input/output counts and types and raise exceptions if conditions are not met. Overall, the code appears well-structured and safe, serving as a support module for a larger ML framework without any signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility module primarily used for environment validation, data type management, and operator input/output validation. There are no indications of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 2
}