{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes for managing data connectors and datasets, including CRUD operations and permission management, likely as part of a larger data management or API client system.",
  "sources": "Inputs from function parameters such as url, token, inputId, data, params, limit, and datasetId.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request methods (_get_request and _post_request) that send data to endpoints; potentially vulnerable if untrusted data is used to construct endpoint URLs or request payloads.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., inputId, data, params) are used to construct API endpoint URLs and request bodies, then sent via HTTP requests to remote endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "Endpoints concatenate inputId directly into URL strings without sanitization; no explicit validation or escaping shown. No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. No obfuscated code features.",
  "analysis": "The code implements API client classes for data connectors and datasets, with methods performing HTTP GET and POST requests. The URL construction relies on string concatenation with input parameters such as inputId. This pattern could pose injection risks if inputId or data are untrusted and not validated or sanitized. The functions seem straightforward, and there are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The use of POST requests for data modification is standard. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious external connections are evident. Overall, the code appears to be standard API client code with potential minor risks if user input is untrusted but no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be standard API client classes for managing data connectors and datasets, with no clear signs of malicious intent or malicious code. The main security consideration is ensuring input sanitization for URL parameters to prevent injection attacks, which is not explicitly shown but is a common best practice. Overall, this code is unlikely to be malicious, but caution should be taken if input data is untrusted.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}