{
  "purpose": "This code defines two classes, Dataconnectors and Datasets, which facilitate interaction with REST API endpoints for managing data connectors and datasets, respectively.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from method parameters (e.g., 'data', 'params', 'inputId', 'datasetId', 'connectorId', 'limit'), and constructs endpoint URLs based on class attributes and parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include '_post_request' and '_get_request' method calls, which send data over the network. Endpoint URLs are constructed dynamically, but no direct data leakage or insecure handling is evident.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from method parameters into network request functions; URL endpoints are dynamically built from parameters. No evidence of unsafe data handling or malicious data flow.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are present. No obfuscated code, code injection, or misleading variable names detected. Usage of string concatenation for URL building is standard, with no evident malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of API client classes with methods to perform CRUD operations and permission management. It relies on inherited request methods (_get_request, _post_request) which are not shown; assuming they are standard network request handlers. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration code. No insecure handling of environment variables, input validation, or obfuscated code features are observed. The code structure is typical for API wrapper classes.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard API client implementation without malicious intent or security risks. There is no evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling. It functions as an interface to a REST API for data management with no suspicious or malicious features.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}