{
  "purpose": "This code implements a data streaming and parsing utility for tabular data, supporting various formats and sources, with options for filtering, headers, and sampling.",
  "sources": "Reads data from file paths, URLs, compressed files (zip, gz), and in-memory streams; reads input data, file headers, and sample rows.",
  "sinks": "Outputs parsed data, supports saving data to various formats and files; processes and potentially rewrites data streams.",
  "flows": "Source data flows through loader -> parser -> processors -> iterator or save functions, with potential filtering and transformations applied in processors.",
  "anomalies": "Extensive parameter parsing with support for multiple configurations, but no evident hardcoded secrets or backdoors. Use of dynamic imports for loaders/parsers is typical but warrants review for malicious loader code. No suspicious hard-coded credentials or hidden behaviors found. The code contains detailed options for filtering/skipping rows and headers, but these are standard for data processing.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes data streams from various sources, including local files, URLs, and compressed archives, with optional HTML detection and format inference. It employs dynamic loading of loader and parser classes via helper functions, which could introduce risks if those helpers or classes are malicious but are standard plugin patterns. The data processing pipelines include filtering, skipping, and transforming data, but these are explicit and configurable, not malicious. The methods for reading, sampling, and saving data appear standard, with no evidence of hidden malicious actions like network exfiltration, backdoors, or system damage. The code does not perform any network activity, system modifications, or credential theft, and no obfuscated code constructs are present. All data handling is limited to data ingestion, transformation, and storage, consistent with a data processing library.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a flexible, configurable data streaming and parsing utility with standard features. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indicators are evident. The use of dynamic imports warrants general caution but is typical for plugin-based architectures. No suspicious code, backdoors, or malicious data leaks identified. Overall, the code appears benign and suitable for secure use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}