{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for list processing: chunking, flattening, and rotating sequences, with an obfuscated lambda possibly intended to conceal logic.",
  "sources": "Input list sequences provided to functions: 'seq' in 'zilFWPgfvKOHXJAHxTbCdXIsBJaTDPVt', 'chunks' in 'cYCJpmAHuNlgqlLPbqtnjxabcwpWQfHn', 'sequence' in 'bclgyaMcyjCOqWvmIIHUEIlFtTFhAfoK'.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks such as network, file I/O, or data leaks; functions operate purely on in-memory data structures.",
  "flows": "Input sequences are processed through list slicing, chaining, and rotation functions; no external or untrusted data flows identified.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation via nested lambdas with nonsensical variable names; no clear purpose beyond obfuscation; no malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code contains utility functions for list chunking, flattening, and rotation, all implemented with straightforward Python constructs. The initial lambda with complex nested lambdas and obscure variable names appears to be intentionally obfuscated but performs safe list operations. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious modifications are present. The obfuscation is significant but does not inherently indicate malicious intent; it could be used to conceal benign logic. Malware scores are zero, aligning with the benign analysis. Obfuscation scores are high (~0.75), justified by the complex nested lambdas. Security risk scores are low (~0.2), consistent with utility functions that do not perform harmful actions. Overall, the code appears to be benign utility functions with obfuscation, posing low security risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily composed of benign list utility functions with significant obfuscation. No malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities are evident. The obfuscation warrants caution but does not constitute malicious intent. The assigned scores are appropriate: malware score 0, obfuscated score approximately 0.75, and low security risk (~0.2).",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}