{
  "purpose": "This code provides a custom implementation of glob pattern matching and filesystem traversal, allowing pattern-based file searches with various options such as case sensitivity, recursive globbing, and pattern exclusions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input patterns, file and directory names from the filesystem using os.scandir, os.path.join, and os.lstat; it also processes input parameters such as filename, pattern, and exclude patterns.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of os functions like os.scandir, os.path.join, os.lstat, and os.open for filesystem access; pattern compilation with _wcparse._compile; and pattern matching via _wcparse.compile and match methods.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-provided patterns and filenames into pattern parsing (_GlobSplit), pattern compilation (_wcparse._compile), filesystem traversal (os.scandir, os.lstat), pattern matching (match, fullmatch), and ultimately to boolean return values indicating matches or exclusions.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code are evident. The code relies on standard libraries and external modules (_wcparse, bracex). There is no obfuscated or suspicious dynamic execution, no network activity, and no data exfiltration mechanisms present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements pattern parsing, filesystem traversal, and matching logic typical of glob utilities. It manages pattern splitting, supports recursive globbing with '**', handles pattern negation and exclusions, and normalizes paths. No suspicious code constructs or behaviors are present. The functions are designed for pattern matching and directory walking, with clear security implications only related to filesystem access. All filesystem interactions use standard, safe functions, and pattern compilation appears to be for pattern matching, not code execution. External dependencies like _wcparse and bracex are used for pattern processing, which is common in such implementations. No signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or data leakage are evident. The code maintains typical security best practices, such as handling exceptions and not executing untrusted code directly.",
  "conclusion": "The source code appears to be a legitimate implementation of glob pattern matching and directory traversal, with no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It primarily interacts with the filesystem in a standard manner and processes patterns for matching files/directories. No security risks beyond normal filesystem access are identified. Overall, this code is safe, with a malware score of 0 and a low security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}