{
  "purpose": "This code is part of the yfinance library, designed to fetch financial data from Yahoo Finance, including stock quotes, historical data, earnings, and news.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include API requests to Yahoo Finance endpoints, web scraping from businessinsider.com, and user-provided parameters for date ranges and proxies.",
  "sinks": "Data outputs include pandas DataFrames, JSON responses, and network requests to Yahoo Finance and businessinsider.com. No direct data leaks or system modifications are observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and user-defined options flow into API requests and web scraping functions. Data fetched from Yahoo Finance and businessinsider.com are processed into DataFrames or dictionaries, with some caching involved. Network responses are parsed and converted into usable data structures.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses external web scraping to obtain ISINs and news, which could potentially be manipulated if the external sources are compromised. The use of dynamic URL construction with user parameters could lead to injection risks, but the parameters are sanitized or used in standard library functions. No suspicious or malicious code patterns such as hidden backdoors, system command execution, or unauthorized data exfiltration are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily interacts with Yahoo Finance APIs and external sources (businessinsider). It uses standard libraries for web requests and data parsing, with no signs of obfuscated code or malicious dynamic execution. The only external data fetch involves web scraping for ISIN and news, which are not inherently malicious but could be exploited if the external sites are compromised. No hardcoded credentials, reverse shells, or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected. The code follows typical patterns for data retrieval and processing, with appropriate error handling. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate data-fetching library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate financial data library with standard data retrieval practices. While it performs web scraping and API requests, these are expected behaviors for this type of library and do not indicate malicious activity. No signs of malware, sabotage, or security risks are evident. The overall security risk is low, assuming external sources are trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}