{
  "purpose": "The code defines a utility function to create a retry decorator for handling specific exception types during API calls or other operations, with logging and callback management features.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function arguments, imported modules, and possibly external libraries through error handling and callback mechanisms.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include callback manager methods (`on_retry`) and updating run_manager metadata, which could be misused if run_manager is maliciously controlled, but in normal use these are standard callback patterns.",
  "flows": "Input error types and parameters flow into the function, which constructs a retry decorator. During retries, the code invokes callback methods and logs retry attempts, especially via run_manager callbacks and logging.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code structures are observed. The callback handling, error type checks, and retry logic appear standard. There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or hidden network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard libraries and third-party modules, then defines a function to create a retry decorator with configurable error types and wait parameters. It logs retry attempts and invokes callback manager methods, updating metadata accordingly. The retry logic for Google API errors is explicitly handled, avoiding retries on InvalidArgument errors. The code's purpose is to enhance robustness in API interactions, with standard patterns for logging, callback invocation, and error handling. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data leakage, or covert channels. The design appears to be straightforward and intended for reliability in API calls, with no suspicious activity or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard utility for implementing retry logic with logging and callback support. It does not contain malicious intent, hidden behaviors, or security risks. It is safe based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}