{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and constants for handling URLs, files, and bot mappings, likely as part of a larger application interacting with web services and user data.",
  "sources": "Input sources include URL parameters, base64-encoded image data strings, and local file paths used in generate_file function.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into network requests (fetching files via HTTP), file reads (local files), and data processing for upload or further handling.",
  "flows": "Input data (URLs, base64 strings, local files) -> decode or read -> potentially download or read files -> assemble into data structures for upload or processing.",
  "anomalies": "The generate_nonce function uses secrets.choice for randomness, which is good. No obvious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code downloads files dynamically from URLs but validates URL structure and file types. No suspicious URL domains are hardcoded. No obfuscated code detected. No unusual code patterns or logic that seem malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard operations: mapping bot names, generating secure nonces, validating URLs, and processing files from various sources, including base64 data, URLs, and local paths. It uses the 'httpx' client with optional proxies for downloading files, which is a typical pattern. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or network communications that send system data are present. The URL validation helps prevent malicious URL inputs. File type checks via extensions and media extension mappings are in place. The overall structure appears benign and designed for safe data handling without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the provided code, there are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The functions perform standard, expected operations for file and URL handling in a controlled manner. No suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}