{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for handling SQL, user authentication, URL parameters, AWS S3 interactions, and filename sanitization within a Django-based application, likely related to an explorer or dashboard feature.",
  "sources": "Reads input from HTTP requests (request.GET), SQL strings, and environment/config settings (app_settings).",
  "sinks": "Uses AWS S3 SDK to upload and delete files, executes regex replacements on SQL strings, and interacts with Django views and forms.",
  "flows": "Extracts parameters from request inputs, sanitizes filenames, manipulates SQL queries, and interacts with external services like AWS S3, passing data through these points.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed; use of regex for parameter replacement appears standard; no suspicious URL or domain activities; SQL handling appears to be read-only or sanitized; no obfuscated code detected; functions like delete_from_s3 interact with AWS but rely on external config, not suspicious by themselves.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides utility functions for SQL parsing, URL parameter extraction, authentication, and AWS S3 interactions. SQL functions check for blacklisted keywords to prevent dangerous queries. External service interaction via boto3 is controlled through configuration variables, not hardcoded secrets. Filename sanitization uses normal practices. No signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware. No obfuscated or suspicious code segments. The flow from input to external service appears standard and well-contained. The security posture depends on external configurations and environment security, but the code itself does not exhibit malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard utility module with no indications of malicious or sabotage activity. It handles common tasks like SQL parsing, URL parameter handling, AWS S3 operations, and filename sanitization securely within typical bounds. No malware or malicious intent is evident. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}