{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for SQL parsing, parameter handling, URL parameter extraction, S3 interactions, and secure filename validation within a Django application, likely for an Explorer-like data analysis feature.",
  "sources": "Reads input from SQL strings, request parameters, and environment/configuration settings (e.g., S3 credentials).",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include SQL formatting functions, parameter substitution in SQL, and S3 upload/download functions.",
  "flows": "SQL strings are parsed and potentially sanitized, parameters are extracted and substituted into SQL, request parameters are converted into internal formats, S3 functions upload/download data, and filename validation sanitizes user inputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials found; parameter substitution uses regex which could be exploited if input is malicious, but no direct code injection present. The code uses standard libraries and conventions. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a set of utility functions designed for a Django-based web application that interacts with SQL, AWS S3, and user inputs. The 'passes_blacklist' function scans SQL for blacklisted keywords, reducing SQL injection risks. Parameter substitution via 'swap_params' is performed with regex, which is standard but should be used carefully to avoid injection if inputs are not sanitized elsewhere. The AWS S3 functions utilize environment settings for credentials, which are not hardcoded. Filename validation ensures only permitted extensions and sanitizes filenames to prevent directory traversal or injection issues. No malicious code patterns, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code's structure and use of libraries suggest it is intended for legitimate purposes within a secure environment.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not exhibit malicious behavior or malware. It primarily consists of utility functions for SQL parsing, parameter handling, AWS S3 interaction, and filename sanitization, with proper precautions. No signs of backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious logic are detected. It appears to be a standard, security-conscious implementation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}