{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for SQL parsing, parameter handling, user authentication, AWS S3 interactions, and filename sanitization within a Django application.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from user requests, external configuration for AWS credentials, and SQL strings for parameter substitution.",
  "sinks": "SQL query strings after parameter substitution, AWS S3 upload functions, filename outputs, and URL generation for S3 objects.",
  "flows": "User input (request parameters) -> parameter substitution in SQL strings via regex -> potential execution of SQL queries or storage in S3.",
  "anomalies": "Use of regex for parameter substitution which could be risky if inputs are malicious; reliance on external blacklists for SQL keywords; no direct execution of untrusted SQL within this code.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for handling SQL queries, parameters, user login, AWS S3 storage, and filename sanitization. The 'passes_blacklist' function filters dangerous SQL keywords, and 'swap_params' replaces placeholders with user-provided values using regex, which is standard but requires input validation. No hardcoded secrets are present; AWS credentials are managed via external configs. The code does not execute untrusted code or contain obfuscated patterns. The primary security concern is the potential for SQL injection if user inputs are not sanitized before being used in SQL queries, especially since 'swap_params' performs regex replacements. However, the use of 're.escape' on keys mitigates regex injection risks. The malware score is 0, indicating no malicious code detected. Obfuscation score is 0, as the code is straightforward. The security risk score is estimated around 0.2-0.3, reflecting the potential risk associated with parameter substitution in SQL strings, which should be handled with care in downstream usage. Overall, the code appears to be standard utility functions with no malicious intent, but input validation should be enforced before executing any SQL constructed with these functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of standard, security-conscious utility functions for a Django web app, with no signs of malicious activity or malware. The main consideration is ensuring that user inputs used in 'swap_params' are properly sanitized before SQL execution to prevent injection vulnerabilities. The scores assigned (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2-0.3) are appropriate given the context. Vigilance in input validation is recommended, but overall, the code is safe and well-structured.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}