{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for handling SQL, user authentication, URL parameter parsing, AWS S3 interactions, and filename sanitization within a Django web application, primarily for data exploration and export features.",
  "sources": "Reading SQL strings, request parameters, environment variables for AWS credentials, and filenames for sanitization.",
  "sinks": "SQL execution (via sqlparse), S3 bucket operations, filename generation, URL generation, and data uploads to S3.",
  "flows": "SQL strings are processed and potentially sanitized; request parameters are extracted and used for URL construction or database queries; AWS credentials are retrieved and used for S3 interactions; filenames are sanitized before storage; parameters are injected into SQL via regex replacements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets present; AWS credentials are fetched from settings which might be configured externally; no suspicious or malicious code like data exfiltration, reverse shells, or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly consists of utility functions that manipulate SQL strings, handle user authentication prompts, manage request parameters, and interact with AWS S3 for file storage. The SQL blacklisting function scans for blacklisted keywords to prevent dangerous queries. The parameter functions handle token replacement and extraction in SQL queries, which could be vulnerable if user input isn't sanitized elsewhere, but within this code, the operations are straightforward. The AWS S3 functions rely on external configuration and appear standard for storage purposes. Filename sanitization is correctly implemented to prevent path traversal or injection attacks. No obfuscated code, suspicious network activity, or malicious backdoors are evident. The use of third-party libraries like boto3 and sqlparse is standard. Overall, the code doesn't exhibit malicious intent or behavior, focusing on utility operations.",
  "conclusion": "This code is primarily utility and helper functions for a Django application with data exploration features. It handles input parsing, SQL formatting, AWS interactions, and filename sanitization securely. There are no signs of malware or malicious code, and no suspicious anomalies are present. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}