{
  "purpose": "The code provides various utility functions for handling SQL validation, parameter processing, user authentication, AWS S3 interactions, filename sanitization, and URL parameter extraction within a Django-based web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from request parameters (e.g., GET requests), function arguments (e.g., SQL strings, filenames), and external modules (e.g., app_settings, request objects).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include SQL parsing and formatting, data uploads to S3, URL generation, and filename creation, which could be exploited if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs via request parameters or function arguments into SQL parsing, parameter substitution, or filename sanitization functions; or into S3 upload functions that could be manipulated with malicious data.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hardcoded secrets or backdoors; functions are generally straightforward. The use of regex for parameter substitution and filename sanitization are common. The code interacts with external services securely via boto3, but no explicit malicious behavior is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs validation, formatting, and external service interactions. The SQL-related functions check for blacklisted keywords and safely format SQL queries, reducing injection risk. Parameter functions handle substitution and extraction securely. The S3 functions depend on external settings but do not exhibit malicious intent; they implement standard AWS interactions. Filename sanitization ensures safe filenames. No suspicious code constructs or hidden behaviors are evident. The code relies on trusted libraries and standard patterns, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a well-structured utility module with no malicious intent or security risks. It implements standard sanitization and interaction patterns appropriate for web applications. No malware or malicious behavior is detected, and security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}