{
  "purpose": "The code constructs a CallModel for dependency injection, analyzing function signatures, annotations, defaults, and dependencies to facilitate dependency resolution and validation.",
  "sources": "Function parameters, annotations (including Annotated types), default values, dependency provider methods (add_dependant, get_dependant).",
  "sinks": "Dependency registration via dependency_provider, creation of CallModel, serialization options, validation assertions.",
  "flows": "Reflection and introspection extract parameter info -> dependencies are built recursively -> validation assertions ensure correct usage -> CallModel assembled with dependencies, parameters, and options.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, network activity, or malicious patterns detected. Use of assertions for validation is standard; no suspicious code paths or obfuscation present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard dependency injection setup using reflection, annotations, and dependency provider methods. It handles annotated parameters, custom fields, and dependencies with validation. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are evident. The recursive dependency building and validation are typical patterns. The code relies on external provider methods and reflection, which are common in DI frameworks but require trust in those components. No signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or network activity are present. The use of assertions is standard for validation but could be disabled in production, which is a known consideration. Overall, the code appears secure, well-structured, and free of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical dependency injection utility with no signs of malware, obfuscation, or security risks. The current assessment scores are appropriate: malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2. The code's behavior and structure do not indicate malicious activity or vulnerabilities. The dependency injection pattern is standard and safe, assuming external dependencies are trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}