{
  "purpose": "This code defines a class for managing dashboards via REST API requests, including creating, cloning, deleting, and permission management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as 'url', 'token', 'params', 'data', and 'inputId' for constructing API endpoints and request data.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe use of the '_post_request' method with data payloads; construction of URL endpoints using 'inputId' without validation.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to construct API endpoints and request payloads, which are sent via internal request methods. Data flows from method inputs into HTTP request payloads, and endpoints are formed dynamically.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious URLs, or cryptic code patterns. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual control flow observed. The use of string concatenation for URL building is standard but should be checked in context for injection risk.",
  "analysis": "The class extends a Request object and provides methods for dashboard management via REST API calls. Endpoints are constructed dynamically based on 'inputId', with no validation shown. The code relies on the parent class '_get_request' and '_post_request' for executing HTTP requests. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The code appears to be a standard API wrapper. However, the direct concatenation of 'inputId' into URLs could pose injection risks if 'inputId' is not sanitized in the broader application context. There is no evidence of malware, data leakage, or malicious behavior within this fragment.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an API wrapper for dashboard operations with no apparent malicious intent. The main security consideration is ensuring that 'inputId' and other parameters are validated elsewhere to prevent injection attacks. No malware or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}