{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a thread-local query profiler for Django ORM queries, capturing profiling data, hashing queries, and possibly tracking performance metrics.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters such as SQL query strings, environment variables from Django settings, and possibly from thread-local storage.",
  "sinks": "Hashes queries and stores profiling data; potential risk if untrusted data is included in the profiling data or if data is transmitted or stored insecurely.",
  "flows": "Input query strings and environment variables are processed, normalized, and hashed; profiling data is accumulated in thread-local storage, with hashing to identify queries, then stored in data structures.",
  "anomalies": "Uses a complex regex to replace parts of SQL queries with '%s', which is a normal practice for query normalization. The code logs profiling data but does not immediately perform suspicious actions like network communication or file manipulation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a thread-local profiler class that tracks query profiling data, normalizes SQL queries with regex substitution, hashes the normalized queries, and stores metrics such as execution time and query count. The normalization uses a regex pattern to replace comma-separated elements with '%s', which is typical for prepared statement simulation. Hashing is done with mmh3, and data is stored in custom objects. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious actions are observed. The code is structured for performance monitoring rather than malicious activity. The presence of imported modules and the code's purpose suggest legitimate profiling rather than malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a Django ORM query profiler, normalizing, hashing, and recording query metrics. It appears to be a legitimate performance monitoring tool, with no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. The code is complex but consistent with profiling functionality, and no malicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}