{
  "purpose": "This code implements a comprehensive set of classes for structural analysis and design of wooden elements based on EN 1995 standards. It calculates various mechanical and geometric properties, safety factors, and load effects for different types of wood components, including beams, compression elements, and shear members.",
  "sources": "Reads external CSV files for characteristic data ('caracteristique_meca_bois.csv', 'kmod.csv', 'gammaM.csv', 'limite_fleche.csv', 'kdef.csv'), as well as data from superclass methods. Also takes user inputs via class constructor parameters (dimensions, material classes, load types).",
  "sinks": "Performs calculations that could be used in structural safety assessments; no apparent sinks involving data leakage or external communication. No code indicates data exfiltration or network activity.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into class properties and methods, including CSV data and environmental settings. Calculations use these inputs to produce numerical results for stress, stability, and safety checks. No flow indicates untrusted data from external sources that could lead to code injection or malicious influence.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code structures, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors. All code appears to be standard Python for structural calculations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious data manipulations are present. The code extensively uses handcalc decorators for documentation or display, which is benign. No suspicious network activity, file operations, or system commands are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large collection of class definitions and methods performing physics-based calculations aligned with EN 1995 standards for timber structures. It accesses CSV files for mechanical data, uses mathematical computations, and contains no dynamic code execution, network calls, or data exfiltration routines. The imports are standard scientific and data libraries. No anomalies suggest malicious intent. The structure and comments indicate legitimate use for structural engineering calculations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive, legitimate implementation of structural analysis classes for timber elements. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It relies on external CSV data for mechanical properties and performs calculations relevant to its domain. The overall security risk score is very low, with high confidence in this assessment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}