{
  "purpose": "This source code defines classes and methods for structural analysis of wooden beams and elements according to EN 1995 standards, including calculations of section properties, stress, buckling, and other mechanical behaviors.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external CSV files (e.g., 'caracteristique_meca_bois.csv', 'kmod.csv', 'gammaM.csv', 'limite_fleche.csv') via the _data_from_csv method; input parameters are provided during class instantiation; and certain calculations depend on properties and attributes within the class instances.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if attributes like _data_from_csv return sensitive data, but based on context, these are standard characteristic data. The code executes calculations without writing or transmitting data externally. No code injection points are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flow from CSV files into class attributes and properties; input parameters (dimensions, humidity, load types); then through calculation methods which produce stress, buckling, and other results. No external network communication or code execution from untrusted sources is observed.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. Use of the 'handcalc' decorator appears to be for Jupyter notebook display of calculations and results, not malicious activity. The code extensively uses external CSV data, but no obfuscation or hidden code is present. The print statements are for debugging purposes only.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of class definitions for structural analysis, relying on external CSV data for material properties. It uses mathematical calculations for stress, buckling, and load ratios. No network or system commands are present. No hidden or suspicious behaviors are detected. The overall structure and data handling are consistent with legitimate engineering calculations. No signs of malware, sabotage, or malicious behavior are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate structural analysis module for wooden elements based on EN standards. It reads characteristic data from external CSV files and performs standard calculations for stresses and buckling without any malicious behavior. No malware, backdoors, or malicious data leakage are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}