{
  "purpose": "This code provides an API client for interacting with backend services, including user management, vacancy management, and AI-driven processing.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters in methods (e.g., prompt strings, user IDs, vacancy data), environment variables are not used, and responses are processed from server replies.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include sending JSON payloads in POST/PUT requests and processing server responses. Data leaks could occur if sensitive data is sent insecurely.",
  "flows": "Inputs (e.g., prompts, user IDs, vacancy data) flow through method parameters to HTTP requests; responses are parsed and returned as models or data, with error handling for invalid responses.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures are present. The code correctly uses exceptions and structured response handling. No obfuscation or malware-like constructs detected. Logging or print statements are minimal and benign.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard asynchronous API client with proper response processing, exception handling, and model validation using Pydantic. It communicates with backend endpoints, handles errors based on status codes, and provides methods for user and vacancy management, AI processing, and messaging. No hardcoded secrets or malicious behavior are evident. The structure adheres to security best practices for data handling and network communication. No signs of data exfiltration, code injection, or reverse shell activities. The response processing is cautious, with error classes for various HTTP errors. Overall, the code appears secure and well-structured.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a typical backend API client with appropriate error handling and data processing. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. It appears safe for use, with no security risks identified in this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}