{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for integrating Percy visual testing with Selenium WebDriver, including capturing DOM snapshots and screenshots, managing environment info, and logging.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (PERCY_CLI_API, PERCY_LOGLEVEL, RESONSIVE_CAPTURE_SLEEP_TIME), network requests (requests.post, requests.get), driver.execute_script, driver.get_cookies, driver.get_window_size, driver.set_window_size, driver.execute_cdp_cmd.",
  "sinks": "requests.post and requests.get for communicating with Percy API endpoints, potentially transmitting sensitive data or logs, and executing JavaScript via driver.execute_script which could be exploited if untrusted input is passed.",
  "flows": "Input from environment variables and network requests flow into logging, configuration checks, and API communication; driver.execute_script runs scripts that could potentially execute untrusted code if script content is manipulated, but in this context, it executes known serialization functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard and well-structured. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The only potentially suspicious aspect is dynamic execution of scripts via driver.execute_script, but this is standard for Selenium automation. The logging function posts to an external API, which could be a privacy concern if sensitive info is included, but it is not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily interacts with environment variables, external APIs, and the Selenium WebDriver to perform visual testing tasks. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful system modifications. The use of requests to log and report data is typical for such SDKs. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious URL patterns, or malicious code snippets are observed. The code uses standard techniques for resizing windows, capturing DOM snapshots, and communicating with a local Percy API. The script's dynamic script injection is a common pattern in Selenium automation for DOM serialization, not malicious in itself. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate SDK logic without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard part of the Percy Selenium SDK, designed for visual testing integration. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage. The primary security consideration is that it communicates with an external Percy API, which is expected in this context, but does not appear to leak sensitive data maliciously. No malware indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}