{
  "purpose": "The code facilitates capturing DOM snapshots and screenshots for Percy visual testing within Selenium-driven browser automation, including environment info collection, logging, and interaction with Percy CLI API.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (PERCY_CLI_API, PERCY_LOGLEVEL, RESONSIVE_CAPTURE_SLEEP_TIME), requests to Percy CLI API endpoints, driver.execute_script, driver.get_cookies, driver.get_window_size, driver.capabilities, driver.current_url, driver.execute_cdp_cmd, driver.set_window_size",
  "sinks": "requests.post calls to Percy CLI API endpoints, driver.execute_script, driver.set_window_size, WebDriverWait, print statements, sleep function",
  "flows": "Input from environment variables and API responses flows into API request functions and logging; driver interactions serialize DOM and take screenshots; responses are processed and errors handled; logging outputs to console and API",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Use of requests to localhost and external endpoints appears standard for Percy SDK. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or data exfiltration observed. Exception handling and logging are standard.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard SDK for Percy visual testing with Selenium. It gathers environment info, checks Percy service health, fetches DOM serialization scripts, captures DOM snapshots and screenshots, and communicates with Percy CLI via REST API. No signs of malicious behavior such as unauthorized data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware. The network requests are limited to localhost and Percy services. Code handles errors gracefully and includes logging. No suspicious or obfuscated code segments identified. Overall, the code operates as intended for its purpose with no malicious or maliciously obfuscated elements detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SDK component for Percy visual testing with Selenium. It performs environment detection, DOM serialization, snapshot capturing, and logging without exhibiting malicious behaviors or security risks. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling were found.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}