{
  "purpose": "The code facilitates SSH/SFTP connections to EC2 instances using user-provided parameters and keys, primarily for remote access and file operations.",
  "sources": "Reads command-line arguments, specifically the identity key file, and reads the key file content to extract the public key.",
  "sinks": "Uses the public key content for establishing SSH connections; executes commands via EC2InstanceConnectCLI, but does not directly execute untrusted input beyond command parsing.",
  "flows": "Command-line arguments are parsed, especially the identity key file path, which is read and processed to extract a public key; then, command parameters flow into EC2InstanceConnectCLI for execution.",
  "anomalies": "Potential risk in reading and parsing the identity file, especially if the file is untrusted or maliciously crafted. However, the code only reads and validates the file format, not executing it. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious behaviors are evident. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are detected. Usage of external modules appears legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles argument parsing, key file validation, and initialization of connection commands. It reads a user-supplied key file, validating its format, and constructs a public key string. No malicious behavior is detected; the key reading process is straightforward. External modules handle command execution and logging, with no signs of malicious data flows or injections. The code does not perform any network communications itself but passes data to other components. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious anomalies are found.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a standard command-line utility for EC2 SSH/SFTP access, with appropriate validation of input files. No malicious intent or security risks are evident within this code segment. It operates within expected bounds for such a utility.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}