{
  "purpose": "This code implements a URI routing framework, allowing pattern-based routing of functions or classes based on URI strings, primarily for internal processing and dispatching.",
  "sources": "Reads input in the form of URI strings passed to the 'process', 'resolve', or 'is_routable' methods, and endpoint functions or classes registered via decorators or append method.",
  "sinks": "Invokes endpoint callables, which may execute arbitrary code if maliciously crafted. The code itself does not directly handle untrusted data beyond routing logic.",
  "flows": "URI strings are matched against patterns via regex; if matched, the associated endpoint (function/class) is invoked, passing the URI string and other arguments. Endpoint invocation is the main flow where arbitrary code execution can occur if the endpoint is malicious.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The code relies on user-supplied patterns and endpoints, which if malicious, could execute harmful code upon invocation, but this is typical for routing frameworks.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard routing implementation with classes for rules and a router for pattern matching and dispatch. It uses regex for pattern matching, and endpoints are dynamically called. There is no obfuscated code, malicious payloads, or suspicious constructs within this snippet. The only security concern is the potential execution of malicious endpoints if they are registered maliciously, but the code itself does not contain any malicious behavior or sabotage. The routing logic is straightforward and does not leak data or perform any network operations itself. Overall, this appears to be a benign routing library, suitable for use in larger projects, assuming trusted endpoint functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard URI routing framework with no evident malicious intent or malicious code. It allows dynamic invocation of user-defined endpoints based on URI patterns, which is typical for such libraries. No supply chain security issues or malicious behaviors are detected within this snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}