{
  "purpose": "The code provides a routing mechanism based on URI pattern matching, allowing functions or classes to be associated with specific URI patterns for dynamic invocation.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'string' parameter in 'process', 'resolve', and 'is_routable' methods, which are typically URIs or similar strings provided by external callers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calling the endpoint callable with the URI string and additional arguments, and instantiating classes when endpoints are classes.",
  "flows": "The data flow is: input URI -> 'resolve' identifies matching Rule -> 'process' calls the endpoint with URI and args -> if class, instantiate first -> execute endpoint.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior observed. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Use of regex for pattern matching is standard. No network activity, data leaks, or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a URI routing framework with classes Rule, Router, and related exceptions. It matches URI strings to rules via regex, then calls associated endpoints, which are verified to be callable. The code is straightforward, with proper assertions to verify callability and class instantiation. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or sensitive data handling is present. All patterns are managed in a route map, and route resolution handles multiple matches or no matches with exceptions. The overall structure appears standard and secure, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate routing library intended for mapping URI patterns to callables. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. It functions as a pattern-based dispatcher with no indications of malicious intent or security flaws within the provided scope.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}