{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions for linear algebra operations, solvers, preconditioners, and system manipulations used in scientific computing, particularly finite element methods.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from function parameters (e.g., matrices, vectors, DOF sets), imports from external libraries (e.g., numpy, scipy, skfem), and dynamically imports eigen solvers within functions.",
  "sinks": "Code writes results to variables (matrices, vectors) and may update or create new sparse or dense matrices and vectors. No untrusted data is directly written to external systems or outputs.",
  "flows": "Input data (matrices, vectors, DOF indices) flow into solver functions and system manipulation functions; results are stored in new or modified matrices/vectors. The flow is straightforward and internal, with no network or file I/O.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns such as obfuscated code, hidden functions, or dynamic code execution. The code is well-structured and uses standard scientific Python libraries. No hardcoded credentials or secret data are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard numerical and linear algebra operations for finite element methods, including solving linear systems, eigenproblems, and applying boundary conditions. It utilizes well-known libraries such as numpy and scipy, with no indication of malicious intent. There are no network calls, system commands, or hidden behaviors. The dynamic imports and function wrappers serve typical scientific computation purposes. No anomalies or backdoors are evident. The code is consistent with a utility module for scientific computations, with no signs of sabotage or malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate scientific utility module with no malicious intent or sabotage. It provides essential linear algebra and system manipulation functions safely, relying on standard libraries. No security risks or malware signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}