{
  "purpose": "The code manages cell type models, including downloading, loading, converting, and querying models. It handles model serialization/deserialization via pickle, interacts with filesystem and network, and uses environment variables for configuration.",
  "sources": "Filesystem for model files, environment variables for directories, network requests for fetching models and metadata, pickle for serialization/deserialization, environment variables for configuration.",
  "sinks": "Loading models from pickle files, writing models to disk, network requests for model downloads, environment variables for paths.",
  "flows": "Source data from environment variables and network requests are deserialized via pickle into model objects; models are stored and retrieved from filesystem; model metadata is fetched and stored.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation with misleading variable names and import aliases, use of pickle which can execute arbitrary code, references to undefined variables suggesting incomplete or obfuscated code, inconsistent logging and error messages.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex, obfuscated model management system that handles downloading, loading, and converting models. It uses pickle for serialization, which poses security risks if untrusted files are loaded. The obfuscation and inconsistent variable naming further complicate security assessment. No active malicious payloads such as system commands, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The primary concern is the insecure use of pickle, which could be exploited if malicious pickle files are loaded. The obfuscation may be intended for concealment but also increases the attack surface. The code's behavior is consistent with a model management utility, with moderate security risks mainly from pickle deserialization and obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a model management system with significant obfuscation and insecure pickle usage. No active malicious activity is detected, but the use of pickle introduces a moderate security risk if untrusted files are loaded. The obfuscation and incomplete references suggest the code could be intentionally concealed or incomplete, warranting caution. Overall, the system is not malicious but should be handled with care, especially regarding pickle deserialization.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}