{
  "purpose": "This code sets up an asynchronous server that interacts with an external ACP SDK, allowing for running agents and registering agent data via network endpoints.",
  "sources": "Reads data from function parameters (agent, input), from external client responses (client.agents()), and environment variables (implied but not explicitly used).",
  "sinks": "Returns data via HTTP endpoints, raises exceptions, and calls external functions (client.run_sync, agent.model_dump_json()), which could expose sensitive data if mishandled.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into client.run_sync and agent registration functions; external client responses are used to generate resource endpoints; outputs are returned or sent via HTTP.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code structures detected. The code uses standard libraries and straightforward async calls. No obfuscated code present. The use of external SDKs appears normal, and no malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration or malicious command execution are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a server using the FastMCP framework, providing an endpoint to run an agent with given input via an external client SDK. It dynamically registers agents as resources, exposing their JSON dump over network URIs. The 'run_agent' function executes external commands and processes outputs, but there is no evidence of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, system modification, or backdoors. The flow is straightforward: input is received, processed, and responses are returned or errors raised. No hardcoded secrets or insecure practices are visible. External SDKs are used normally, and code structure is clear. No signs of obfuscation or malicious payloads are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard server implementation interfacing with external agent management SDKs. It does not contain malicious behaviors, backdoors, or security risks based on the provided code snippet. It is considered safe with a low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}