{
  "purpose": "The code provides an integration interface for MI Data Flow, allowing Python scripts to interact with Granta MI servers, manage authentication, and resume workflows.",
  "sources": "Reads JSON payloads from stdin, extracts 'WorkflowUrl', 'ClientCredentialType', and 'AuthorizationHeader'. Uses the URL parsing to determine server info. Retrieves credentials from headers for authentication.",
  "sinks": "Makes HTTP POST requests to resume workflows, including sensitive headers like 'Authorization'. Uses 'requests' for network communication. Extracts credentials from headers to establish sessions.",
  "flows": "Payload read from stdin (source) -> parsing headers and URL (processing) -> credential extraction (via base64 decoding or token parsing) -> network requests to resume workflow (sink).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets present. Uses standard libraries and legitimate package imports. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution. The code's network interactions are consistent with intended API calls.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages workflow data via JSON payloads, extracts authentication details (basic and OIDC), and communicates with the MI server to resume workflows. It includes credential parsing, URL handling, and network requests. No suspicious or malicious activity such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors is evident. The network activity appears to be standard API interactions. No obfuscated or misleading code constructs are used. It respects input sources and output flows appropriately. The use of 'requests' is typical, and no hidden or malicious network connections are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate data flow integration module for MI workflows, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. Its network activity is consistent with API communication, and it does not contain any suspicious or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}