{
  "purpose": "The code provides an interface for integrating MI Data Flow steps with Python scripts, enabling secure communication with Granta MI servers, handling authentication, and managing data flow control.",
  "sources": "Data is read from sys.stdin (JSON payloads), URL parsing of 'WorkflowUrl', and environment or configuration inputs such as certificate files and authorization headers.",
  "sinks": "Sensitive data such as authorization headers and credentials are processed for authentication. Network requests are made via requests.post to resume workflows. Credentials are decoded from base64 and passed to external APIs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from stdin (payload) through parsing functions to authentication methods (decoding headers), then to network requests to resume workflows or establish sessions, using extracted credentials or tokens.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The code performs standard parsing, URL handling, and network requests. Some optional imports (`requests_negotiate_sspi`, `GRANTA_MIScriptingToolkit`) are used conditionally. No obfuscated or suspicious language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code securely handles payloads by parsing JSON from stdin or strings, extracts credentials by decoding base64 for basic auth, and manages SSL configurations via provided certificate files. The network interactions are limited to API calls to resume workflows and establish sessions, utilizing standard authentication methods. No evidence of malicious code or backdoors. The conditional imports and authentication modes are standard, with no suspicious network activity or code injection. The overall structure is consistent with a secure integration module.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured integration module for MI Data Flow with Python, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles sensitive data appropriately, performs standard network operations, and does not contain obfuscated or suspicious code segments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}