{
  "purpose": "This code provides type definitions and annotations for the AWS Kinesis service SDK, facilitating type checking and code clarity for users interfacing with AWS Kinesis via Python.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules, such as sys, datetime, typing, and botocore. It also reads input data via type annotations and data structures in the code (e.g., in TypedDict classes). No external user input is directly processed.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include sinks like network connections, file writes, or system commands. It only defines data structures, type aliases, and imports modules for potential use elsewhere. No data is being written or sent from this code snippet.",
  "flows": "The code sets up data type flows via type annotations, such as passing dictionaries (TypedDict) and data types (e.g., datetime, bytes) within function signatures or variable annotations. No actual runtime data flow or external data transmission occurs within this snippet.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs. No obfuscation, malicious code, or hidden behaviors are present. The code strictly defines type annotations and data structures for AWS Kinesis SDK usage.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of type definitions for a Python AWS SDK module related to Kinesis. It imports standard and third-party modules, defines TypedDict classes for structured data, and establishes type aliases for clarity. There are no executable functions, no data processing, nor network operations or command execution. The module appears to be designed purely for type safety and documentation purposes. The presence of license info and documentation links suggests standard open-source intentions. No signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or sabotage are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, structured set of type definitions intended for use in a Python SDK for AWS Kinesis. It contains no malicious code, backdoors, or security risks. The overall security risk is negligible, with no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}