{
  "purpose": "This code provides helper functions for symbolic algebra operations involving Bézier curves and triangles, such as conversion to symbolic form, weight calculations, polynomial conversions, and implicitization of parametric curves and surfaces.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments such as 'nodes', 'degree', and symbolic expressions 'x_fn', 'y_fn', 'z_fn'. It also dynamically imports the 'sympy' library at runtime within functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of 'sympy.resultant' for symbolic computations, which can be exploited if malicious expressions are provided as input, potentially leading to resource exhaustion or complex expression evaluations. No network, file, or environment variable access observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function inputs ('nodes', 'degree', symbolic expressions) into symbolic operations via 'sympy', especially in implicitization functions. The symbolic expressions passed as arguments could originate from untrusted sources, but the code itself does not handle external untrusted data directly.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs dynamic imports of 'sympy' within each function to optimize import costs, which is unusual but not suspicious. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code are present. The code comments explain performance considerations. No backdoors, malicious data leakage, or suspicious behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is focused on symbolic algebra operations related to Bézier curves and triangles, with functions for converting numeric arrays into symbolic form, computing weights, forming polynomial representations, and implicitizing parametric forms. The dynamic import of 'sympy' is intended to optimize performance and is a known pattern for optional dependencies. No network access or system modification code is present. The use of 'sympy.resultant' could theoretically be exploited if provided with malicious symbolic expressions to cause complex computations, but this is a normal feature of symbolic computation libraries. The code does not include any malicious or privacy-violating behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a benign utility library for symbolic algebra with a focus on geometric and parametric representations. There are no signs of malware or malicious intent. The only potential security concern relates to the 'sympy.resultant' function, which could be computationally expensive with crafted inputs, but this is a standard symbolic computation feature and not malicious. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}