{
  "purpose": "The code provides helper functions for symbolic algebra operations related to Bézier curves and triangles, such as converting nodes to symbolic matrices, computing weights, converting to polynomial form, and implicitizing parametric curves and surfaces.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function arguments: 'nodes', 'x_fn', 'y_fn', 'z_fn', and symbolic variables like 's', 't'. There are no external data sources or user inputs detected.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of sympy's 'resultant' and 'simplify' functions which process symbolic expressions, but there is no indication of untrusted data being directly written or transmitted. No network operations or file I/O are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments (nodes, symbolic functions) into symbolic processing functions that compute weights, convert to polynomials, or perform implicitization, resulting in symbolic expressions representing implicit equations.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically imports 'sympy' inside each function to avoid import-time costs, which is standard for optional dependency management. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are observed. No obfuscation or hidden behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly performs mathematical symbolic computations using the 'sympy' library. It carefully converts numerical arrays to rational symbolic forms, computes Bernstein polynomial weights, and performs symbolic elimination via resultants for implicitization. Imports are done within functions to optimize performance. There are no suspicious file operations, network activity, or credential handling. The logic aligns with mathematical operations typical for geometric modeling. No anomalies, malware patterns, or malicious behaviors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard mathematical helper library for symbolic geometric computations. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are detected. The functions are well-structured and serve specific purposes related to symbolic algebra. Overall, the package seems safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}