{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for symbolic algebra involving Bézier curves, triangles, and implicitization, primarily using the SymPy library.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'nodes' parameter, which are numpy.ndarray objects representing geometric points; also reads symbolic expressions passed as function arguments.",
  "sinks": "No sinks that transmit untrusted data or exfiltrate data externally are present. No network operations or data exfiltration code are included.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'nodes' into symbolic matrix conversions, and from symbolic functions into resultants for implicitization. No external data transmission or system commands are observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs runtime imports of 'sympy' within functions to avoid import overhead, which is unusual but not malicious. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The functions appear to perform standard symbolic algebra operations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a library of symbolic algebra functions that convert numpy arrays into sympy matrices, compute weights for Bézier curves and triangles, and perform implicitization via resultants. It employs runtime imports of 'sympy' to optimize import time, which is a benign performance optimization. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications are detected. All operations are mathematical and related to geometric computations. There are no signs of malicious backdoors, hidden behaviors, or obfuscated code. The structure is straightforward, with clear purpose, and no suspicious external interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a mathematical utility library for symbolic algebra in geometric contexts. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It performs standard symbolic calculations with no indications of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}