{
  "purpose": "The code provides integration tests for a complete system workflow involving document upload, extraction, embedding, vector storage, question processing, and response generation.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include mock event emissions such as 'DOCUMENT_UPLOADED' and 'QUESTION_RECEIVED' events with associated data like file content, question text, and authentication context.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the event bus emitting events with data that include content, metadata, and question information. These could, if malicious data were present, lead to data leaks or processing errors.",
  "flows": "Data flows from mock event emissions (sources) through the system components, leading to emitted events (sinks). For example, uploaded file content flows through extraction, embedding, and retrieval steps, culminating in answer generation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The code employs standard testing patterns with mock components. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or secret leakage mechanisms are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is composed of multiple asynchronous test functions verifying different aspects of a system workflow, including full operation, error handling, and concurrency. All data inputs and outputs are mock data, with no evident handling of sensitive information such as credentials or system commands. The event-driven architecture is typical for such systems. No indicators of malicious behavior, such as network connections to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or backdoors, are observed. The use of mocks and the structure suggests a focus on functional testing rather than executing real or sensitive data.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be standard, purpose-built test code for a document processing system. There are no signs of malicious intent, security vulnerabilities, or obfuscation. It primarily simulates system behavior for validation purposes. Overall, it is safe and not suspicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}