{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement functions for analyzing file content types, reading various data streams, and handling file paths or bytes, likely for data processing or file validation tasks.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include function parameters such as bytes, path objects, iterables, file streams, and strings, which are used as sources for content analysis and data handling.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that invoke external libraries ('magic') for file type detection, and file reading operations. These could lead to data leaks if untrusted data is processed insecurely, but are typical for such tasks.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from input parameters (bytes, streams, paths) flows into detection functions and data normalization routines. There are no evident flows leading to malicious system actions or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code relies on standard library calls and external 'magic' library for file type detection. The conditional checks and data type handling are typical. No suspicious behaviors or unusual code structures are observed.",
  "analysis": "The functions perform typical data handling: reading bytes from paths or streams, detecting MIME types via an external library, and normalizing data formats. The use of 'magic' for file type detection is common. No code appears to execute arbitrary commands, send data over networks, or access sensitive system features. There are no indicators of malicious behavior such as backdoors or data exfiltration mechanisms. The code is well-structured and straightforward.",
  "conclusion": "The code is standard data handling and file type detection logic, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It does not contain malware, obfuscation, or suspicious behaviors. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}