{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define multiple custom exception classes and a warning class with associated class attributes, likely for categorization or identification purposes. It also attempts to build an __all__ list dynamically, possibly to control module exports.",
  "sources": "Class definitions and class attribute assignments, particularly the attributes within each class, which contain hardcoded string values.",
  "sinks": "The code does not explicitly process or handle untrusted data sources or external inputs; no direct data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "There are no evident data flows from sources to sinks; class attributes are assigned static strings, and there are no function calls or data manipulations involving external inputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains multiple classes with cryptic, non-descriptive names and attributes, all assigned to hardcoded string values. The dynamic construction of the __all__ list involves iterating over the module's variables, filtering for classes that are subclasses of a particular class, and including them. The class names and attributes are obfuscated, which may suggest an attempt to conceal intent or behavior. No obvious malicious activity such as network communication, file modification, or code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several custom exception and warning classes with obfuscated names and hardcoded string attributes, which are not used within this snippet. The dynamic creation of the __all__ list filters for subclasses of a specific class (wxmurUeDIeXutDlJfvlKPLJSZRKkYkoO), and includes these classes in module exports. The obfuscation and dynamic export list could be intended to hide functionality or complicate static analysis. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or code injection. The structure and content appear to be intentionally obfuscated but benign in behavior based solely on this code fragment.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is heavily obfuscated with cryptic class names and static string attributes. It dynamically constructs an __all__ list including subclasses of a specific class, potentially to hide or control exports. There is no evidence of malicious activity or security risks within this fragment. The code appears to be benign but deliberately obfuscated, warranting cautious review if part of a larger package.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}