{
  "purpose": "This code defines the setup configuration for a Python package, including dependencies, metadata, and classifiers.",
  "sources": "Input from the 'README.md' file, package metadata variables, and version information.",
  "sinks": "The setup() function where package installation details are specified, including dependencies and download URLs.",
  "flows": "Reading 'README.md' -> setting package dependencies and metadata -> passing all data to setup() function.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated variable names and string concatenations in URL formatting. The variable names are nonsensical and could obscure malicious intent. No direct evidence of malicious code such as network connections, data exfiltration, or code injection is present. The 'long_description' reads from a README file, standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on package setup and metadata configuration. It imports 'setuptools', defines various variables (mostly obfuscated), and calls setup() with these variables. The variables include package versioning, dependencies, classifiers, and URL formatting. The obfuscation of variable names and dynamic string formatting could be attempts to hide malicious URLs or code, but in this context, they are used solely for package metadata. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or data leaks are evident. No dangerous code constructs such as exec, eval, or dynamic code execution are present. The URL points to a GitHub repository, which appears legitimate based on the provided data.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard setup script with obfuscated variable names, likely to obscure the metadata details. There is no evidence of malicious intent or malware. The obfuscation appears to be for code concealment rather than malicious activity. Overall, the script is typical for package distribution with minor obfuscation, which does not raise security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}