{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to classify Python import statements into categories such as future, built-in, third-party, or application modules. It provides utilities to analyze module paths and origins, aiding in understanding module sources and dependencies.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (PYTHONPATH), system modules (sys.builtin_module_names), and import system specifications (importlib.util.find_spec). It also reads filesystem paths to verify module locations and symlinks.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks that lead untrusted data to effects or leaks. The code primarily performs internal classification without any data leakage or network operations.",
  "flows": "The flow involves reading module names, determining their origin via importlib and filesystem checks, and classifying modules based on their source paths and environment variables.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code behaviors are evident. The code contains standard utilities for module inspection and path analysis. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. The functions rely on standard Python libraries and filesystem checks, which are normal for this purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically inspects modules' origins using importlib, filesystem checks, environment variables, and predefined application directories. It categorizes modules into types like built-in, application, third-party, or future imports. All logic appears to be straightforward, with no obfuscated or suspicious constructs. The use of environment variables and filesystem checks is consistent with typical module analysis. There are no signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, network communication, or backdoors. The code is well-structured for its purpose, with no anomalous or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard module classification utility used to analyze the source of Python modules for security or organizational purposes. There are no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It simply inspects module origins and classifies them accordingly, with no malicious signals or anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}