{
  "purpose": "The code generates a Plotly table figure from pandas data, with customizable styling and layout options, and provides a function to save the figure as an image file.",
  "sources": "Data is read from pandas Series or DataFrame objects passed as parameters; layout and style configurations are set via function arguments and internal updates.",
  "sinks": "The figure is rendered via show() with a specified renderer; the save function writes an image file using write_image(). No untrusted external data input or network activity is observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from pandas objects through internal processing functions into Plotly figure creation, styling, and rendering; no data flows to external systems or network.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses obfuscated and non-descriptive variable names, which may suggest an attempt to hide intent. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. No suspicious network connections, data exfiltration, or reverse shells are present. The code strictly deals with plotting and saving figures.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard libraries and plotly for data visualization, with no external inputs aside from function arguments. The main function constructs a Plotly Table figure, customizing header and cell styles, title, layout, and optional figure display. It employs internal helper functions to process data and configure layout options. The second function saves the figure to a specified path, using write_image. No suspicious or malicious behavior such as network activity, data theft, or code injection is detected. The obfuscated naming appears intentional but does not introduce malicious behavior. Overall, the code performs benign data visualization tasks without security threats.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign visualization utility with obfuscated variable names. No malicious behavior or security risks are identified. The script is focused on creating and saving Plotly figures, with no evidence of malware, backdoors, or data exfiltration.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}