{
  "purpose": "The code provides type annotations and a class interface for interacting with the AWS ECS service via boto3, mainly for type checking and IDE support.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from method parameters (kwargs unpacked from type definitions), import statements for types and exceptions, and internal property access.",
  "sinks": "Method calls such as generate_presigned_url, tag_resource, untag_resource, and various other ECS operations where data is sent to AWS services or external endpoints.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data enters via method arguments (kwargs), which are typed with external type definitions; data flows through method calls to AWS APIs, with some methods creating URLs or tagging resources.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is observed. Import statements and class structures appear standard and for type annotations. The license, documentation links, and structure suggest legitimate usage. The code is primarily an interface definition with no runtime logic that could be malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, standard implementation of a boto3 client wrapper with type annotations for ECS. It imports necessary modules, defines exception types, and provides method signatures that match the official ECS API. There are no signs of malicious payloads, obfuscated code, or malicious data handling. All method signatures and imports are typical for a type stub/interface. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or backdoors are evident. The code appears to be a legitimate, intended type annotation layer for boto3 ECS client.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign, well-structured interface for AWS ECS SDK interactions with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It serves as a type annotation and interface layer for safe and predictable use of boto3 ECS API. No malicious or suspicious elements are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}