{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to scan plan steps for raw secrets or sensitive information by matching against regex patterns, including custom and built-in patterns, to prevent accidental leakage of secrets.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the string representation of each plan step's arguments (step.args).",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly write or transmit data; it merely identifies potential secrets within the plan steps, which could be considered a source for reporting or logging.",
  "flows": "Input data (step.args) flows through regex matching processes to identify patterns indicative of secrets; upon matches, errors are generated for reporting.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses broad regex patterns to detect secrets, which may lead to false positives. It doesn't perform any malicious activity; it solely performs pattern matching for security purposes. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation or suspicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a pattern-matching security check designed to detect hardcoded secrets in plan steps. It loads regex patterns from the policy and uses additional built-in patterns to identify common secret formats, such as API keys, tokens, JWTs, passwords, and AWS keys. The logic is simple: convert step arguments to string, run regex searches, and log errors if matches are found. No malicious code or behavior is evident. The use of regex for secret detection is standard and not inherently malicious, though it may generate false positives. There are no signs of obfuscation, backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious side-effects. Overall, this code serves as a security auditing tool without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign security utility aimed at detecting secrets within plan steps by pattern matching. It does not contain malicious behavior or backdoors. The primary risk is potential false positives, but no malicious intent or security threats are present based on this code alone.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}