{
  "purpose": "Configure a Celery application with settings and secure connection parameters.",
  "sources": "Imports from ssl, datetime, and the local config module; access to configuration variables from config.",
  "sinks": "Use of configuration variables for broker URL, backend URL, and other Celery settings; updating SSL context for 'amqps' protocol.",
  "flows": "Configuration variables are read from the config module; URLs are checked for 'amqps'; SSL context modifications apply if secure protocol is used.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'ssl.CERT_NONE' in SSL context for 'amqps'—disables certificate verification, which is insecure. Variables and parameters are obfuscated and non-descriptive, indicating possible code obfuscation or concealment. No user input handling observed; reliance on configuration variables is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a Celery application with parameters sourced from an imported configuration. It conditionally modifies SSL settings to disable certificate verification if the broker URL uses 'amqps', which is a security risk as it disables SSL certificate validation. The variable names are obfuscated and non-descriptive, which could suggest obfuscation but may also be a code style. No suspicious network activity, hardcoded credentials, or malicious payloads are directly present. The use of insecure SSL configuration is notable but does not necessarily indicate malicious intent; it could be a misconfiguration. Overall, the code appears to be standard configuration code with a potential security concern regarding SSL verification.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily configuration setup for Celery with a potentially insecure SSL setting that disables certificate verification for 'amqps' connections. No malicious behavior or malware is evident. The obfuscated variable names might suggest concealment but are not inherently malicious. Overall, the security risk is moderate due to SSL misconfiguration, but there is no evidence of malicious intent or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "report_number": 5
}