{
  "purpose": "This module provides decorators, utility functions, and classes for defining, managing, and interacting with workflows, activities, signals, queries, and related components in a Temporal workflow system.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from parameters, class attributes, and environment variables; uses inspect to analyze function signatures; utilizes contextvars for context management; reads thread-local variables for sandbox status.",
  "sinks": "No clear sinks exist where untrusted data is used unsafely; no direct data leaks, code injections, or unsafe SQL are evident. No network connections or data exfiltration are present in the code.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters, class attributes, and context variables. No external data sources or sinks are indicated. Function decorators set attributes, and runtime methods are called for workflow management.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are evident. The UUID generation is deterministic but not cryptographically secure, which is appropriate for its use case. The code performs extensive introspection and class attribute manipulation, but nothing appears malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements decorators for workflow, signal, query, and update handlers, with extensive use of Python introspection to enforce correct usage and prevent misuse. Contextvars manage update info, and threading locals control sandbox restrictions. All functions and classes seem aligned with workflow orchestration and management, with no network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification. Some functions warn about deprecated practices, and there are utility functions for randomness, UUID generation, and time, all using standard Python libraries. The presence of 'unsafe' static methods for sandbox control is designed for advanced use, not malicious intent. No obfuscated or suspicious code is detected, and no external network connections or malicious behavior are apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a well-structured, feature-rich implementation for workflow orchestration with comprehensive safety checks and introspection. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or malicious privacy violations. The only potential concern is the use of deterministic UUIDs, which are not cryptographically secure but appropriate for internal identifiers. Overall, the code appears to be safe, with no evidence of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}