{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive framework for defining, managing, and interacting with workflows, activities, signals, queries, and external workflows in a Temporal.io environment. It facilitates workflow lifecycle management, event handling, and inter-workflow communication within a safe, structured SDK.",
  "sources": "Code reads input and context from various decorated methods and class attributes, including decorators like @defn, @workflow.run, @workflow.signal, @workflow.query, and @workflow.update. It also reads configuration data from class attributes, function signatures, and context variables, such as workflow info, handle references, and thread-local states.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that invoke external calls (e.g., workflow_patch, workflow_extern_functions, external handle signals/queries), and methods that could generate or send signals, queries, or workflow continuation commands (e.g., workflow_start_child_workflow, workflow_continue_as_new, signal, query, update). These are designed to interact with external systems but are controlled via the SDK's interface.",
  "flows": "Data flows from decorated workflow methods (run, signal, query, update) through internal handler lookups and invocations, including signals, queries, updates, and external workflow interactions. Context variables like current update info or workflow info are used internally for managing state. External signals or queries are sent via respective handlers set on the runtime, and workflow commands like continue_as_new or patch trigger external actions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains dynamic decorator usage, context variable manipulations, and thread-local flags, which are standard in workflow SDKs. There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or network connections. Warnings for deprecated features (e.g., dynamic signals/queries) indicate awareness of evolving API, not malicious intent. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are evident. The code extensively uses standard Python features in a controlled manner, with no signs of malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a structured API for workflow lifecycle management with decorators, class-based definitions, context management, and thread-local flags. It carefully manages workflow state, external interactions, and internal handlers via class attributes and context variables. No code injects or executes untrusted code, nor does it perform network operations or data exfiltration. The dynamic decorators and contextvars are used for flexible workflow behavior, not malicious obfuscation. All functions and classes appear aligned with the purpose of facilitating safe, controlled workflow execution within Temporal SDK. There are no suspicious patterns like hidden network calls, credential handling, or backdoors. The use of warnings for deprecated features is standard for evolving SDKs.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured SDK framework for managing Temporal workflows, activities, signals, queries, and external interactions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The extensive use of decorators, context variables, thread-local flags, and clear API design indicates a focus on safety and configurability rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}