{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for parsing and extracting doctests from Python docstrings in various styles (freeform, Google-style, auto) and for analyzing modules/packages to generate test examples for testing purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads docstrings from functions, classes, and modules; accesses module paths and filenames; reads command-line arguments; and imports modules dynamically or statically for analysis.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs DocTest objects, yields examples, and potentially invokes module import or analysis functions. It also processes exceptions and warnings related to module parsing errors.",
  "flows": "Sources such as docstrings, module paths, and command-line arguments flow into parsing functions, which generate DocTest objects or analysis results. Dynamic analysis functions may fetch calldefs from modules, which then flow into parsing routines. Parsed examples flow out to testing routines or further processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic import and analysis functions, but no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. No obfuscated code or code that maliciously exfiltrates data, connects to suspicious domains, or executes harmful actions is found. Usage of warnings and exception handling is standard. No code injection or system damage routines are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs parsing, analysis, and extraction of doctests from docstrings, with functions designed for flexibility in style and source. It dynamically imports modules and analyzes their callables via static and dynamic methods. All operations appear standard for a testing framework, with no signs of malicious intent. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. Exception handling and warnings are used for error management but are typical for such a tool. No obfuscated or misleading code constructs are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard component of a doctest extraction framework, performing static and dynamic analysis to generate test cases from docstrings. It does not contain any malicious code, malware, or security risks. The code is well-structured for its purpose, and no indicators of malicious intent are found.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}