{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions for parsing, extracting, and analyzing doctests from Python docstrings in various styles (freeform, google, auto). It supports static and dynamic analysis of modules to generate test examples for testing and validation purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads docstrings from modules and functions, accesses module files via paths, reads sys.argv for CLI flags, and imports modules dynamically or statically for analysis.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain obvious sinks that lead to data leaks, remote communications, or harmful system modifications. It primarily processes data internally and issues warnings or raises exceptions for errors.",
  "flows": "Source: Reading docstrings, module files, sys.argv, environment; Flow: Parsing docstrings (via static or dynamic analysis), generating examples; No evident flow leads from untrusted sources to dangerous sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual obfuscated code. The code does handle exception cases and dynamically imports modules, but nothing appears malicious. No code injects untrusted data into system commands or network operations. Use of warnings and exception handling is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code performs parsing of docstrings in various styles, with careful handling of errors, warnings, and configuration flags. It employs static and dynamic analysis methods for modules, with configurable analysis modes. It respects user-specified ignore patterns and contains no network calls, file modifications, or system command executions that could be malicious. There are no obfuscated or suspicious language features. It mainly processes documentation and test examples, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate parsing and analysis tool for Python docstrings and modules, with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It is designed for testing and validation purposes without harmful side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}