{
  "purpose": "The code defines Django admin classes, inlines, and widget configurations for various models, primarily for admin interface management. It appears to be standard Django admin setup with heavily obfuscated class and variable names.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from Django models and fields, particularly JSONFields and model instances, within the Django admin configuration.",
  "sinks": "There are no external data sinks or untrusted data flows; the code primarily configures admin interfaces without external communication or data processing beyond display and editing.",
  "flows": "Data flows from model instances and fields into the admin interface for display and editing; no external or untrusted data flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation of class and variable names, which could be an attempt at concealment. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious code patterns are detected. The use of JSONEditorWidget is standard, not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of Django admin class definitions, inlines, and widget configurations. The obfuscation of names is notable but does not inherently indicate malicious intent. No external network activity, command execution, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The use of JSONEditorWidget on JSONFields is standard practice. Malware scores are zero, aligning with the absence of malicious behavior. Obfuscation scores are high (~0.75), reflecting the heavy obfuscation, which is suspicious but not malicious. Security risk scores are low (~0.2), consistent with a benign admin configuration. Overall, the code appears to be a standard Django admin setup with obfuscation that could be for concealment but does not indicate malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a heavily obfuscated Django admin configuration with no evidence of malicious behavior or active vulnerabilities. The obfuscation may be for concealment but does not constitute malicious intent. The malware score remains at 0, obfuscation is high (~0.75), and security risk is low (~0.2). The overall assessment indicates a benign configuration with suspicious obfuscation but no malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}