{
  "purpose": "The code defines Django admin interfaces and inline models for order-related data, customizing form widgets and display options.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from Django models and uses imported widgets for JSON fields.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sinks or external communications are present in this code.",
  "flows": "The code flows from model definitions to admin interface configurations, with no external data flows or malicious activity observed.",
  "anomalies": "All variables and class names are obfuscated or nonsensical, which may indicate intentional concealment. The code uses heavily obfuscated class names, variable names, and string literals, but these do not by themselves imply malicious behavior. The code uses Django's admin interface with standard patterns. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. There is no dynamic code execution, network activity, or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up Django admin interfaces for various models with inline forms and custom widgets, notably JSON editors for JSONFields. The obfuscation appears to be a naming scheme to conceal true intent, but the structure and functions are standard Django admin configurations. No suspicious external calls, file operations, or data transmissions are detected. The use of JSONEditorWidget is typical for JSON data handling and does not indicate malicious intent. The obfuscation could be suspicious but is not conclusive evidence of malicious activity. Overall, the code appears to be a standard Django admin configuration with obfuscated naming, which by itself is not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "There is no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks in this code. The obfuscated naming may suggest an attempt to hide intent, but the code logic is consistent with standard Django admin setup. No malware, data leaks, or malicious external communication is present.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}