{
  "purpose": "This code provides logging functions for SDK-related events and error messages, mainly to facilitate debugging and operational monitoring.",
  "sources": "Functions generate log messages based on SDK events, errors, and status updates. The only data input that could be untrusted are parameters like 'error', 'reason', 'event_json', 'interval', 'message', 'attempt', 'seconds', and 'error' strings, which are used solely for message composition.",
  "sinks": "Logging functions write to logs; logs may be stored locally or sent to a remote log management system. No direct data leaks or external effects are observed in the code itself.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are formatted into predefined message templates via 'sdk_err_msg', then passed to the 'log' functions for info, warning, or other levels. The flow is straightforward: parameter input -> message formatting -> log output.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors are present. The code does not include any data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. There are no hardcoded secrets other than static message strings. The functions operate solely to generate logs based on provided input.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of logging utility functions for SDK event reporting. It uses a dictionary for message templates keyed by numeric codes, which are retrieved based on input keys or error codes. Functions wrap calls to the 'log' module, which is assumed to handle the actual output. All input parameters are used only to compose log messages; no external commands, network calls, or data processing beyond string formatting are performed. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or supply chain risks. The structure is simple and transparent, with no hardcoded credentials or sensitive data embedded in the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign logging utility with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It primarily facilitates SDK operational logging with no evident vulnerabilities or malware. The code’s design and implementation are straightforward and do not exhibit any suspicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}