{
  "purpose": "The code defines logging functions for various SDK events and statuses, providing structured log messages for SDK initialization, polling, streaming, metrics, and fetch operations.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as error codes, error messages, reasons, event JSONs, intervals, attempts, and errors. These are passed into the logging functions.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can be in the form of error messages, event JSON strings, or any string data passed as arguments, which could potentially be logged and lead to information leakage if sensitive data is included.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters (sources) into logging functions that generate messages, which are then sent to the logging system (sink). For example, error details and event data flow into log.warning or log.info calls.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors. The code is straightforward, focused on structured logging. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a set of wrapper functions for logging SDK-related events with predefined message templates. It uses a dictionary to map error or status codes to human-readable messages. Logging calls are standard and do not include dynamic code execution, obfuscated elements, or suspicious behaviors. The only potential concern is that untrusted data such as event JSONs or error messages are logged directly, which could lead to sensitive information leakage if inputs contain secrets. However, this is typical for logging and not inherently malicious. No evidence of malicious intent or malware behaviors is detected. The code appears purely for observability purposes within an SDK, with no harmful or sabotage activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward logging utility for SDK events, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It is designed for operational observability, with potential minor concerns about logging untrusted data, which is standard practice. Overall, it appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}