{
  "purpose": "This code provides logging functions for various SDK events, statuses, errors, and warnings related to feature flag management and SDK lifecycle events.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from function arguments such as error codes, messages, reasons, and event data (e.g., event_json, reason, message, error).",
  "sinks": "The untrusted data, such as event_json, reason, message, and error, is passed into log functions, potentially being logged as plain text or warnings.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (e.g., event_json, reason, message, error) flows into log messages via function arguments, which are then output to logging system. For example, 'info_stream_event_received(event_json)' logs 'event_json', and 'warn_stream_disconnected(reason)' logs 'reason'.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain any hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The functions are straightforward wrappers for logging SDK events and errors. No suspicious or unusual code behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a set of functions for logging various SDK statuses, errors, and warnings based on input parameters such as error codes, messages, reasons, and JSON data. It uses a dictionary to map error codes to messages, which are then incorporated into log entries. The functions primarily serve as structured logging wrappers, with no dynamic code execution, input sanitization, or external data processing beyond simple message formatting. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors, are evident. The code appears to be a standard logging utility for SDK events, with no security risks or malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard logging utility for SDK events and errors. It does not contain malicious behaviors, backdoors, or suspicious anomalies. It simply formats and outputs logs based on SDK status inputs. There are no security risks or signs of malware present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}