{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of utility functions for logging SDK status, error, warning, and informational messages based on predefined message codes and messages.",
  "sources": "Parameters passed into functions such as error_code, append_text, reason, event_json, interval, message, error, attempt, seconds, etc., which are used to generate log messages.",
  "sinks": "The log.warning and log.info functions output messages that may include untrusted data (e.g., error details, event JSON, reasons), which could potentially leak sensitive information if not sanitized.",
  "flows": "Data from function parameters flows directly into log messages via string formatting, with no sanitization or validation, potentially exposing sensitive info if untrusted data is logged.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious code, obfuscation, or backdoors are present. The code is straightforward, with static message templates and simple logging wrappers. No dynamic code execution or suspicious patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple logging functions that generate SDK status and error messages based on input parameters. The messages are predefined, and data passed into these functions are directly logged. There are no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or code injection. The primary concern is that untrusted data (such as error messages or JSON payloads) are logged directly, which could lead to sensitive data exposure if not properly managed outside this code. The code is well-structured, clear, and serves as a utility for operational observability. Given the absence of malicious patterns and the straightforward nature, the overall security risk is minimal. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.1, reflecting typical logging concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured logging utility for SDK events and errors. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation. The potential security concern is logging untrusted data, which is standard in logging utilities but should be managed appropriately outside this module. The overall assessment indicates no malicious intent or security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}