{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for logging messages related to SDK operations and errors, such as initialization, polling, streaming, metrics, and feature fetching.",
  "sources": "Functions generate log messages based on SDK states and errors. No external data sources or inputs are directly read within these functions.",
  "sinks": "Logging functions output messages to logs; potential security impact if logs contain sensitive data. However, logs seem to contain only status messages and error descriptions, not untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Functions format and send log messages based on SDK events and errors. No data flows from untrusted sources into critical functions or vice versa. Log messages are constructed with fixed templates and parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code relies on a predefined mapping of SDK codes to messages and standard logging practices. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated logic present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a set of message templates and logging functions for various SDK events and errors. It uses a consistent pattern: mapping error codes to messages, then logging with contextual information. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The functions handle typical logging scenarios and do not process untrusted user input directly, apart from parameters like 'event_json', 'reason', or 'error' which are used as message content. These parameters could contain untrusted data, but their use is limited to logging, not execution. The code appears to be a standard, benign logging utility with no malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward logging utility designed for SDK status and error reporting. It does not contain malware, obfuscated code, or malicious behavior. The security risk is minimal, mostly related to logs potentially containing untrusted data, which is typical for logging functions. Overall, the code appears safe and intentionally designed for monitoring SDK states.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}