{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for statistical analysis and parameter estimation of the Tukey HH distribution, including functions for moments calculation, distribution parameter inference, Lambert W computation, and inverse transformations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily through function arguments such as 'h_params', 'h_params', 'l_skewness_and_kurtosis', and tensor inputs in 'lambert_w' and 'inverse_tukey_hh'. No external data sources or untrusted inputs are explicitly read from network or environment variables.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write or send data outside the process. It computes mathematical functions and returns results, with no indication of data leaks or external communication.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (distribution parameters, moments, tensors) flow through mathematical computations, such as moments calculation, root-finding (binary search), and Lambert W function evaluation. No source-to-sink data leaks or external effects are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are detected. The code performs legitimate statistical computations. Usage of TensorFlow for Lambert W calculation appears justified for numerical stability. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code contains functions for statistical analysis of the Tukey HH distribution, including calculating L-moments, skewness, kurtosis, and parameter inference via binary search. The Lambert W function is implemented using iterative Newton-Raphson updates, a standard numerical method, for calculating the principal branch. No indications of malicious actions, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification, are present. The code strictly performs mathematical and statistical functions without side effects. There are no hardcoded secrets or suspicious dynamic code execution. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate statistical utility functions with standard numerical techniques.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of statistical and numerical functions for distribution analysis, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It performs legitimate mathematical operations and uses TensorFlow appropriately for tensor-based computations. No signs of malware, backdoors, or supply chain attacks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}