{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for computing parameters related to the Tukey HH distribution, including moments, skewness, kurtosis, and inverse transformations, primarily for statistical modeling and Gaussianization processes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function arguments (e.g., h_params, l_skewness_and_kurtosis, x, hl, hr), and internal calculations involve numpy and tensorflow operations. No direct input or external data sources are present in the code.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any explicit sinks like network calls, file operations, or system commands. No untrusted data is written or transmitted. The only potential concern is tensor operations, but these are used for mathematical computation rather than data leakage or malicious effects.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., distribution parameters, moments, data tensors) flow through mathematical functions for calculations, moments, inverse functions, and Lambert W computation, all confined within computational routines without external side effects.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code constructs. The code is heavily mathematical and uses standard numpy and tensorflow functions. No obfuscation or suspicious patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of statistical utilities for the Tukey HH distribution, involving moment calculations, distribution parameter estimation, binary search methods, Lambert W function computation, and inverse transformations. It relies solely on numpy and tensorflow for mathematical operations, with no signs of malicious data handling, network activity, or file access. The functions serve standard statistical purposes and contain no hidden code, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The code appears to be academic or analytical in nature, focusing on distribution parameter estimation and transformations, with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign statistical utility library with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs distribution parameter estimation and mathematical transformations purely for statistical modeling. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or suspicious activities are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}