{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for computing parameters related to the Tukey HH distribution, including statistical measures (L-moments, skewness, kurtosis) and mathematical transformations (inverse functions, Lambert W function). It is intended for statistical modeling or data transformation tasks within TensorFlow and NumPy frameworks.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function arguments such as h_params, l_skewness_and_kurtosis, x, hl, hr, and uses these as inputs for calculations and transformations. No external untrusted input sources or user inputs are evident.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the functions tf.math.log, tf.while_loop, and tf.where, which process data that could be untrusted if improperly used; however, they are used here for mathematical operations without involving untrusted external data or network interactions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments (e.g., h_params, x, hl, hr) through mathematical transformations and function calculations. No external or untrusted data sources feed into these functions, and there are no evident data leaks or outputs directed to untrusted endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes complex mathematical functions, some of which involve iterative numerical methods like Newton's method for Lambert W, and binary search routines. No obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or suspicious constructs are observed. All code appears to perform standard statistical and mathematical computations.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a collection of mathematical utility functions designed for statistical modeling of the Tukey HH distribution and related transformations. It uses standard numpy and TensorFlow functions for mathematical operations, including logarithms, exponentials, and iterative solvers. No code segments show signs of malicious intent such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The mathematical functions are complex but align with statistical computation practices. The use of tf.while_loop for iterative updates is typical for numerical methods, not malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious data handling are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate set of statistical utility functions used for modeling and data transformation related to the Tukey HH distribution. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is standard mathematical and statistical code without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}