{
  "purpose": "The code defines a reusable test client for Sanic web applications, facilitating testing via HTTP and WebSocket protocols.",
  "sources": "Data sources include function parameters for HTTP requests, environment variables for configuration (though not explicitly used here), and external libraries like httpx and Sanic.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network calls through httpx for requests and websocket_proxy, as well as the creation and shutdown of servers and sessions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., URLs, request methods) through request construction, middleware modifications, and into network calls. Responses are processed and returned to callers, with some flow through exception handling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs observed. The code uses standard libraries for async networking and testing. No obfuscated code, unusual variable names, or dynamic code execution are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements a test client with methods for starting, stopping, and executing HTTP/WebSocket requests against a Sanic application. It manages event loops, server setup, and request middleware. No indications of malicious behavior such as network data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are present. Use of 'verify=False' in httpx is insecure but common in testing environments; no malicious intent is evident. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets or suspicious external connections. All data flows are typical for a test client, and no anomalies suggest malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a standard testing utility for Sanic applications. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or significant security risks. The use of insecure SSL verification is a concern but typical in testing contexts, not malicious. Overall, the code appears safe and aligned with its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}