{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to calculate pressure drops in packed beds of spheres using various empirical correlations, as well as functions to estimate voidage based on particle shape and bed dimensions.",
  "sources": "Inputs are taken from function parameters such as particle diameter (dp), voidage, superficial velocity (vs), density (rho), viscosity (mu), tube diameter (Dt), and optional parameters. These are standard physical inputs from external data or user input.",
  "sinks": "The functions compute and return a float representing pressure drop or voidage. There are no data leaks, external data transmissions, or untrusted data effects evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs (e.g., dp, voidage, vs, rho, mu, Dt) through calculations based on empirical formulas, resulting in a computed pressure drop or voidage. No untrusted or external data influences are observed, only mathematical operations with parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. No use of dynamic code execution, eval, exec, or imports of potentially malicious modules. The code appears to strictly implement empirical physical correlations with no obfuscation or misleading variable names. Commented-out code and example plotting code are benign.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive collection of empirical correlations for packed bed pressure drop and voidage calculations, based on published literature. It uses standard math functions and straightforward mathematical formulas. The structure and comments are consistent with scientific computing, and no suspicious behaviors such as network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious system commands are present. The functions depend solely on input parameters and do not perform any unsafe operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, academic implementation of empirical correlations for packed bed pressure drop and voidage estimation. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It is safe to use as a scientific or engineering tool. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}