{
  "purpose": "Defines Pulumi resources and input types for managing StorageCredential objects in Databricks, supporting different cloud storage authentication methods.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for resource creation and updates, including various credential details such as aws_iam_role, azure_managed_identity, cloudflare_api_token, etc.",
  "sinks": "Properties returning resource attributes like aws_iam_role, azure_managed_identity, storage_credential_id, which could potentially leak credential identifiers if accessed improperly.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sources) flow into resource initialization, which then populates resource properties (sinks), allowing controlled access to credential data within the resource lifecycle.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The code is mostly boilerplate for resource management with typical getter/setter patterns. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected. The initial comment warns that the file was auto-generated, which is common for code generated by Pulumi tooling.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data structures and a class for creating and managing StorageCredential resources in Pulumi for Databricks. It uses standard patterns for Pulumi resource definitions, including input types, state, and resource class with get and constructor methods. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoor logic are present. All credential-related data appears to be handled via parameters and resource properties, consistent with resource management. The code does not include any dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious API calls. The initial comment indicates this file was generated by Pulumi's tfgen tool, which is common for IaC code. Overall, the code appears legitimate, intended for infrastructure automation, with no malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is standard Pulumi resource and input type definitions for managing storage credentials in Databricks. There are no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. The code is boilerplate, auto-generated, and handles credential data safely within the expected resource lifecycle. It does not exhibit any malware indicators or security risks beyond typical resource management concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}