{
  "purpose": "The code defines Pulumi resource classes and data structures for managing storage credentials in Databricks, including AWS, Azure, and GCP configurations, with support for creating, retrieving, and managing credential properties.",
  "sources": "Input parameters in class constructors (__init__), property getters, and setters; resource creation and retrieval methods.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data such as credentials, tokens, or keys, stored in properties like aws_iam_role, azure_managed_identity, cloudflare_api_token, gcp_service_account_key, owner, and name.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from constructor parameters and property setters to resource property definitions; properties are used internally for resource management and API interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or malicious code constructs. The code is heavily documented, with clear resource management logic. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or data exfiltration code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Pulumi Python SDK resource class implementation for Databricks storage credentials, utilizing well-known patterns such as input/output property definitions, resource retrieval, and resource instantiation. It handles sensitive properties (like credentials and tokens) through parameters but does not contain any hardcoded secrets or external network operations. The structure and content appear to be auto-generated or boilerplate code, with explicit and transparent property handling. No suspicious functions, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors are present. The comments are extensive, describing typical resource management operations and examples. Overall, the code is consistent with legitimate infrastructure-as-code practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate Pulumi resource class implementation for managing Databricks storage credentials. It handles sensitive data via parameters without hardcoding secrets or engaging in malicious activities. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The structure and content are typical for generated SDK code intended for resource management.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}