{
  "purpose": "This code defines Pulumi resource classes for managing storage credentials in Databricks, including argument classes, state classes, and the main resource class with initialization, getter, and setter methods.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters during resource creation and lookup, such as aws_iam_role, azure_managed_identity, cloudflare_api_token, gcp_service_account_key, and other credential-related properties.",
  "sinks": "The code writes resource properties, potentially including sensitive data like API tokens, role ARNs, service account keys, and other credential details into Pulumi's resource state, which may be stored or logged by Pulumi backend or CLI.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (sources) into resource property assignments (sinks) during resource initialization and state retrieval, potentially handling credential secrets. No external network connections or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not include hardcoded secrets or credentials; it relies on inputs. It generates resource classes with properties that could include sensitive info, but there is no evidence of malicious data handling or obfuscated code. The comments warn about generated code and do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Pulumi resource definition pattern, including classes for input arguments, resource state, and resource creation for managing storage credentials in Databricks. No network connections, file manipulations, or code execution functions are present. It handles credential properties, potentially sensitive, but does so via parameters and resource state management. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The structure is typical for IaC (Infrastructure as Code) SDKs. The code comments and structure do not suggest malicious intent. The handling of secrets is through inputs, consistent with Pulumi best practices, and no obfuscated or malicious code patterns are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Pulumi resource class definition for Databricks storage credentials, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It manages sensitive data as inputs and properties without hardcoding or suspicious logic. The implementation appears legitimate and consistent with IaC practices.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}