{
  "purpose": "This code defines type annotations and data structures for the AWS LakeFormation service SDK, facilitating type safety and clarity in Python code interacting with AWS LakeFormation APIs.",
  "sources": "The code reads from Python standard modules (__future__, sys, datetime, typing) and from internal module (.literals). It processes type definitions, including type unions, typed dictionaries, and conditional imports based on Python version.",
  "sinks": "There are no apparent sinks where untrusted data is processed or where untrusted input could lead to security vulnerabilities. The code mainly declares data structures and type aliases.",
  "flows": "No data flow from untrusted sources to critical sinks is evident. The code does not include functions or runtime logic that handle external data directly; it only defines types.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive type definitions and version-dependent imports, but no suspicious or unusual patterns such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code. All content appears to be standard type declaration for an SDK.",
  "analysis": "The code provides structured type annotations for AWS LakeFormation SDK data types, enabling type checking and IDE support. It conditionally imports from 'typing' or 'typing_extensions' depending on Python version, which is standard practice. No executable logic, user input processing, or network operations are present. The code is purely declarative, defining data types for use elsewhere. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or security exploits. The inclusion of a copyright notice and documentation link does not pose any security risk.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of type definitions and data structure declarations for an AWS SDK, with no runtime logic, external data handling, or suspicious elements. It appears to be a legitimate, benign SDK type declaration file with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}