{
  "purpose": "This code provides a framework for formatting Python code using tools like black, isort, and ruff, including support for custom formatters and project root detection.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from provided code strings for formatting functions; configuration files such as 'pyproject.toml' are loaded from the project directory.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows include subprocess calls executing 'ruff' commands that process code strings, potentially allowing injection if input isn't sanitized.",
  "flows": "Code strings are passed into formatting functions, which may invoke subprocesses ('ruff') with the code as input, potentially executing malicious commands if the code is crafted maliciously.",
  "anomalies": "Usage of subprocess.run with code passed via 'input' parameter; dynamic import of custom formatter modules; conditional handling of black and isort versions. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily manages code formatting by invoking external tools and dynamically loading custom formatter modules. It uses subprocess to run 'ruff' commands, passing code as input, which could be risky if input is malicious. However, the input is taken from a string variable within the process, not directly from external sources like user input or environment variables, reducing immediate risk. The code loads configuration files and determines project roots safely. Dynamic imports are limited to modules specified by name, with proper attribute checks. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or suspicious data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The use of subprocess with encoded input is standard for such tools but could be exploited if code strings are maliciously crafted.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate code formatting utility with external tool integrations. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or covert data exfiltration. The subprocess usage for 'ruff' could theoretically be exploited if malicious code is processed, but within the scope of normal operation, it is safe. Overall, the code has a low security risk and no malware is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}