{
  "purpose": "This code provides a framework for formatting Python code using various tools like black, isort, and ruff, with support for custom formatters and configuration based on project settings.",
  "sources": "Input is taken from code strings provided to format_code, with configuration loaded from pyproject.toml and environment variables. External commands 'ruff check' and 'ruff format' are executed with subprocess, taking code as input.",
  "sinks": "External commands 'ruff' invoked via subprocess, passing code via stdin and receiving formatted code via stdout. Import statements for dynamic module loading in _load_custom_formatter.",
  "flows": "Code strings are processed sequentially through formatters, with subprocess calls for ruff tools. Custom formatters can be loaded dynamically and applied to code. Configuration is loaded from local files and environment settings.",
  "anomalies": "Use of subprocess.run with input data, which could be risky if input is untrusted; however, in this context, the input is a code string, not user input or external data. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors observed. Dynamic module import for custom formatters could potentially be risky if modules are malicious, but this is a user-configuration feature. No obfuscated or malicious-looking code present. Version checks and warnings are standard.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages code formatting using established tools and dynamic loading of custom formatters. It reads configuration from pyproject.toml, determines tool support, and invokes formatting tools via subprocess or library functions. No suspicious data leaks, network communication outside subprocess, or backdoors are present. The subprocess calls are standard for formatters like ruff, with proper input and output handling. The dynamic import allows flexibility but is based on user-supplied module names, which could be exploited if untrusted modules are provided; however, this is an expected feature. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate code formatting utility with configurable options, dynamically loads custom formatters, and safely executes external formatting tools. No malicious intent or malicious code identified. The main concern is the potential risk associated with dynamic module imports if misused, but this is an expected and controlled feature. Overall, the code does not exhibit malware or significant security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}