{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for code formatting and style enforcement for Python projects, including support for black, isort, and ruff.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include the contents of pyproject.toml, environment variables, user-provided paths, and code strings for formatting.",
  "sinks": "Subprocess calls to 'ruff' for linting and formatting; dynamic import of custom formatters; file system interactions; load_toml for configuration.",
  "flows": "Configuration reads from toml files and environment; code strings pass through formatting methods which invoke external tools; custom formatters imported dynamically.",
  "anomalies": "Dynamic import of modules based on strings provided in configuration, which could potentially load malicious code if the source is untrusted. Usage of subprocess.run without sanitization of inputs or output handling is typical for external command execution, but no evident malicious behavior is present here. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. No obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily manages code formatting using black, isort, and ruff, with support for custom formatters loaded dynamically via import_module. It reads configurations from pyproject.toml and environment, and runs external commands (ruff) to lint and format code, which is a standard practice. The code does not include any suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The dynamic import of custom formatters is a potential attack surface if untrusted code is supplied, but this is a typical feature for extensibility. There are no signs of malicious payloads, such as code that steals data, connects to external servers, or manipulates files maliciously. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate utility code for formatting with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for managing code formatting and style enforcement in Python projects. No malicious behavior or supply chain attacks are detected. The main concern is the dynamic import of custom formatters, which should only be used with trusted modules. No security risks are evident beyond the typical considerations for dynamic imports and subprocess calls.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}