{
  "purpose": "The code handles mapping between color names and ANSI escape codes for terminal text formatting, including auto color selection based on background light/dark mode, and provides utilities to list available color tags.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'value_markup' string provided during initialization of ANSICodeMapping, and uses system information via sys.stdout and sys.stderr for TTY checks.",
  "sinks": "The code may return color codes that are used for formatting output; however, it does not directly execute or process untrusted data beyond returning these codes. No external system or network interaction occurs.",
  "flows": "Input 'value_markup' influences the whitelist of color tags; methods like __getitem__ access color codes based on these tags; TTY check influences enabling/disabling colors. No external data or untrusted data flows to dangerous sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses class variables for global toggling of color enable/disable states, which could affect application-wide behavior but is not malicious. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard mapping of color names to ANSI codes, including handling 'auto' colors depending on background mode, and toggling color output based on TTY presence or explicit enable/disable calls. It constructs a whitelist of color tags based on input markup. The 'list_tags' function creates a sorted list of color tags with a custom sorting function. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leaks, or suspicious network activity. Use of system TTY info for enabling/disabling colors is typical for CLI tools. The dynamic property methods provide contextual color codes, which is standard practice.\n\nOverall, the code appears to be a straightforward implementation of ANSI color code management with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical terminal color management utility with safe design patterns. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It manages color output for terminal formatting and toggles colors based on context. It is safe and appropriate for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}