{
  "purpose": "This code handles mapping between color names and ANSI escape codes, providing an interface to enable, disable, and select color schemes for terminal output, including automatic background/foreground color selection based on background brightness.",
  "sources": "Reads the input string 'value_markup' in the constructor to identify color tags. Uses sys.stdout.isatty() and sys.stderr.isatty() to determine terminal capabilities.",
  "sinks": "Raises KeyError if an invalid color tag is accessed. Uses getattr to retrieve color codes, which could potentially invoke dynamic attributes but appears safe. No explicit untrusted data sinks like network or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "The constructor analyzes 'value_markup' to determine which color tags are used. The methods __getitem__ and property methods access BASE_CODES based on the color tags, and sys.stdout/isatty() influence the enable/disable state of colors.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials. The code uses class variables for global state, which is standard. No suspicious or obfuscated code patterns. The whitelist filtering based on 'value_markup' appears straightforward. The list_tags() function constructs reverse mappings and sorts tags, with no anomalies.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a color mapping class that enables and disables ANSI colors, providing automatic selection for foreground and background colors depending on terminal background brightness. The constructor filters color tags found in the input string, and __getitem__ retrieves color codes or raises errors. The class methods control color output globally. The list_tags() function generates a list of available tags for reference. Overall, the code operates as a color management utility without suspicious behavior or malicious intent. No external data is fetched or transmitted. The only dynamic behavior involves property selection based on class variables.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward color mapping utility with no signs of malicious behavior. It manipulates terminal colors based on user preferences and terminal capabilities. No malware, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}