{
  "purpose": "Generate a signed JWT token with specified claims for authentication purposes.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as 'crt' (private key), 'sub', 'name', 'email', 'expires_in', 'not_before', 'issuer', 'keyid', 'groups', 'algorithm', 'audience'.",
  "sinks": "jwt.encode function which creates the token; uses the 'crt' parameter as the signing key.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sources) are used to construct JWT claims; claims are signed with 'crt' via jwt.encode, producing a JWT token as output.",
  "anomalies": "Uses random.choices for '_generate_id' to create 'jti' — acceptable randomness; no hardcoded secrets or credentials found. The 'crt' parameter is used directly as signing key; no validation or sanitization is performed here, but this is expected for proper key use. The code relies on jwt.encode, which is standard; no signs of obfuscation or malicious dynamic execution.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of JWT token creation with claims derived from input parameters. The '_generate_id' function creates a random string for 'jti'. The 'generate_signed_token' function constructs JWT claims, assigns default values where applicable, and signs the token with the provided private key 'crt' using the specified algorithm (default 'RS256'). The process appears straightforward and aligns with standard JWT creation practices. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The use of 'crt' directly for signing assumes proper key management outside this code. No external network calls, data leaks, or malicious code are present. The function's purpose is legitimate for token generation, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical JWT signing helper, with no malicious behavior detected. It securely generates tokens using provided claims and a private key. No signs of malware or malicious activity are observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}