{
  "purpose": "The code generates signed JWT tokens for authentication using RSA algorithms, intended for secure exchange with an identity provider.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'crt', 'sub', 'name', 'email', 'expires_in', 'not_before', 'issuer', 'keyid', 'groups', 'algorithm', 'audience', and the current system time.",
  "sinks": "The jwt.encode function which creates a signed token using the provided private key 'crt', embedding claims including sensitive data like email and user identifiers.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into the claims dictionary, which is then signed with the private key to produce a JWT token; the 'crt' parameter is used directly for signing.",
  "anomalies": "The private key 'crt' is accepted as a string parameter, with no validation or sanitization, which could be risky if sourced insecurely. The function does not verify the private key format or content. There is a typo in 'singning_options' which should be 'signing_options'. The usage of 'random.choices' for generating 'jti' is weak cryptographically; better secure randomness should be used.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to correctly generate a JWT token with claims provided as input parameters. The JWT is signed with the specified algorithm (default RS256). The 'crt' parameter, if maliciously supplied, could be used to inject a private key that signs tokens fraudulently, which is a significant security concern. The token generation itself does not contain malicious behavior. However, accepting raw private key strings without validation or secure handling could lead to misuse or security vulnerabilities. The typo in 'singning_options' is unlikely to cause security issues but indicates a lack of code review rigor.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a JWT generator with potential security concern if 'crt' is sourced from an untrusted or malicious source. The main risk is the misuse of the private key parameter, which could lead to signing unauthorized tokens if misused. There is no embedded malware or malicious behavior in the code itself, but insecure key handling could compromise security.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 2
}