{
  "purpose": "Processes and parses email messages, decrypts GPG content, handles MIME types.",
  "sources": "Email headers, MIME parts, payloads, environment variables, cryptographic inputs.",
  "sinks": "Decrypted message content, MIME payloads, cryptographic outputs, potential headers.",
  "flows": "Email input -> MIME parsing -> MIME parts handling -> decryption or decoding -> output message or payload.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable and class names, malformed import statement from 'email' module, complex nested MIME handling, dynamic cryptographic module import.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated with nonsensical variable names and a malformed import statement, which suggests possible obfuscation or corruption. It handles email parsing, MIME processing, and cryptographic decryption via GPG, which are typical for email security tools. No explicit network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The complex nested logic and cryptographic routines could be exploited for malicious purposes if inputs are crafted maliciously. The obfuscation and cryptographic handling raise suspicion but do not provide concrete evidence of malicious intent. The code appears to be a legitimate email processing utility, possibly for security or filtering, but the obfuscation warrants caution. The malware score is set to 0.2, reflecting moderate suspicion without direct malicious activity. The obfuscation score is high (0.8), consistent with the nonsensical variable names and malformed import. The security risk score is moderate (0.4), considering the potential for concealment but no active malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is an obfuscated email processing and decryption utility with cryptographic handling and complex MIME parsing. While obfuscation and cryptography could be exploited maliciously, there is no explicit evidence of malware or malicious actions. The scores assigned are justified and align with the code's characteristics. Vigilance is advised, but the code appears to be a legitimate component with potential for misuse if misconfigured or malicious inputs are provided.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}