{
  "purpose": "The code is setting up a Python package distribution using setuptools, including reading a README file for long description and defining package metadata and dependencies.",
  "sources": "The code reads the README.md file ('with open('README.md', 'r', encoding='utf-8') as fh: ...')",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that process untrusted data; the code only reads a file and sets package metadata.",
  "flows": "The flow involves reading 'README.md' content into a variable and passing static metadata to the setup() function. No data flows from external untrusted sources into sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "Variable names are obfuscated and nonsensical, which is unusual for standard setup scripts. The assignment 'FiwAYdUdvPDZueduEdFkXFhBuycLieAg = '0.6.0'' is unused elsewhere, indicating possible obfuscation or leftover code. The string 'eWYdtmdqGEgQOImlqtWatBKYTQRqyDoa=' appears as a parameter name but is assigned a string that looks suspiciously like base64 or random characters, though it is used as a keyword argument value, not a secret.",
  "analysis": "The code imports 'setup' from setuptools to define package configuration. It obfuscates variable names throughout, which is atypical for clean setup scripts. It reads 'README.md' into a variable, but the variable is not used later, which is suspicious. The assignment of version '0.6.0' to an obscure variable is unused, possibly serving as obfuscation or placeholder. The 'setup()' call contains only static data and standard metadata. There is no indication of malicious behavior, such as network access, code execution, or data exfiltration. The obfuscation seems unnecessary and could be an attempt to hide malicious intent, but nothing malicious is explicitly present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard setup script with obfuscated variable names. No malicious activities or suspicious behaviors are evident. The obfuscation could be benign or intended to conceal something, but based on the code provided, it does not perform any malicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}