{
  "purpose": "The code initializes configuration variables for database connection and API access by reading environment variables with default values.",
  "sources": "Environment variables: 'MONGO_URI', 'DB_NAME', 'API_BASE_URL', 'LOGO_API_PATH_TOKEN', 'API_KEY'",
  "sinks": "Usage of the retrieved credentials and URLs in application logic (not shown) which may lead to data access or leakage if misused",
  "flows": "Environment variables are read at startup and stored in constants for later use; no data flows are explicitly shown here beyond initialization",
  "anomalies": "Presence of hardcoded sensitive credentials such as MongoDB URI, API path token, and API key in the code. Use of default values that include secrets is risky. No validation or obfuscation of secrets. The MongoDB URI contains username and password, which is highly insecure.",
  "analysis": "The code directly embeds sensitive credentials as default values within the source, which can be accessed by anyone viewing the code. The MongoDB URI includes a username and password in plaintext. The API key and token are also embedded as plaintext defaults. Although these are retrieved from environment variables, the presence of hardcoded defaults containing secrets is a security risk. This could lead to unauthorized access if defaults are used unintentionally or if environment variables are not set securely. The code itself does not perform any malicious actions but leaks secrets by default, which can be exploited.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains embedded sensitive credentials with default values, which poses a significant security risk. Although not malicious in intent, the practice of hardcoding secrets in source code is highly insecure and can lead to credential leakage and unauthorized access. This should be refactored to avoid default secrets, enforce secure environment variable management, and eliminate embedded credentials.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.9,
  "report_number": 4
}