{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for formatting and stringifying complex Python objects, especially for debugging or logging purposes.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from input objects such as lists, tuples, dicts, numpy arrays, and callables. It also inspects callables to obtain their names and source file locations.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data can be formatted into strings, but there are no evident sinks that directly send data over the network, write to files, or execute code. The only notable external interaction is inspecting callables' source locations.",
  "flows": "Input objects flow through formatting functions, which generate string representations. No external data flow to networks, files, or command execution is present.",
  "anomalies": "The code imports 'stackprinter.extraction' and 'stackprinter.utils' for inspecting callables, which is generally safe but indicates reliance on external debugging utilities. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets. No obfuscated code patterns or suspicious dynamic execution found. The numpy import is optional, and its usage is limited to array formatting.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions for formatting various data types into strings, with support for truncation, indentation, wrapping, and depth limiting. It uses external utilities ('inspect_callable') to obtain callable source info, but does not execute or evaluate code from untrusted sources. No data is transmitted externally, nor are there any backdoors, malicious behaviors, or security vulnerabilities evident. The use of 'inspect_callable' could, in theory, leak source file locations, but this is typical for debugging and not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a safe utility module for object stringification.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard formatting utility with no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or harmful behavior. It safely formats complex objects for debugging purposes without engaging in any harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}