{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Python class for managing secrets and access controls within a Databricks environment, including creating, deleting, listing secrets, and managing ACLs.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from method parameters such as scope, key, value, value_type, principal, and permission; primarily from user or calling function inputs.",
  "sinks": "HTTP POST and GET requests made via self._post and self._get, which send data to Databricks API endpoints, potentially transmitting sensitive information if misused.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method inputs (e.g., scope, key, value) into payload dictionaries, which are then sent via HTTP requests to Databricks API endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present; the code uses dynamic inputs. No obfuscated code, malicious loops, or unusual constructs identified. Exception handling is straightforward. No network connections outside API calls. The code relies on external URL and token, which are expected to be supplied securely.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward API wrapper for managing secrets and ACLs in Databricks. It constructs request URLs and payloads based on method parameters and invokes internal methods to send HTTP requests. No suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected. It does not perform any data exfiltration or malicious activities. The only potential concern is that if malicious actors supply malicious input to the methods (e.g., injecting malicious scope or key names), it could interact with the API in unintended ways, but this is typical of API wrappers and not inherently malicious. The code itself does not contain any malware or malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive data embedded within.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard API wrapper for managing secrets in Databricks with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It relies on external inputs and performs expected API interactions. No security risks are evident within this code fragment. It should be used with proper access controls and input validation to avoid misuse.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}