{
  "purpose": "This code provides an interface for managing secrets and access control lists (ACLs) in a Databricks environment, including creating, deleting, listing secrets and secret scopes, and managing permissions.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to methods such as 'scope', 'initial_manage_principal', 'value', 'value_type', 'key', 'principal', and 'permission'. The URL and token supplied during initialization are also sources.",
  "sinks": "HTTP POST and GET requests made via '_post' and '_get' methods, sending payloads containing sensitive data such as secret values, scope identifiers, keys, principals, and permissions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are assembled into payloads, which are sent via HTTP requests to API endpoints. Secret values (string or bytes) flow from method arguments into HTTP payloads destined for external API calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code appears to be a straightforward API wrapper with standard method implementations. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are detected. The code properly raises an exception for unsupported value types.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for interacting with Databricks secret management APIs, with methods for creating/deleting/listing secrets and scopes, and managing ACLs. It uses parameterized API endpoints and dynamically constructs URLs and payloads. There are no signs of malicious behavior; sensitive data like secret values are passed as method arguments and are sent over HTTP requests. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code are observed. The exception handling for unsupported 'value_type' enhances robustness but does not introduce security issues. Overall, the code functions as an API client wrapper without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API wrapper for Databricks secrets management. It does not contain malicious behavior or backdoors. No security risks are identified beyond the inherent risks of transmitting secrets over network requests, which depend on external factors such as network security and API server integrity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}