{
  "purpose": "This code manages secrets in a Databricks environment, providing methods to create, delete, list, and manage access controls for secret scopes and secrets.",
  "sources": "Data input comes from function parameters such as 'scope', 'key', 'principal', 'permission', 'value', 'value_type', and 'url'. The 'value' for secrets is provided via method arguments.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow into HTTP POST requests via the '_post' method with payloads containing secrets or access control parameters. Payloads are sent to URLs constructed based on provided base URL and API type.",
  "flows": "Input data (like 'scope', 'key', 'value', 'principal') flows into payloads in various API calls, which are then sent via HTTP POST or GET requests to the constructed URLs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code does not perform any suspicious network activities, data exfiltration, or obfuscation. The use of exceptions for unsupported 'value_type' appears standard. No backdoors or malicious behavior are evident. The code structure is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a wrapper for Databricks secrets management API, with methods for creating, deleting, listing secret scopes and secrets, and managing ACLs. Data is passed through method parameters into payload dictionaries. URL construction is handled via a helper method '_set_url'. The payloads are sent via '_post' or '_get' methods, which are assumed to be standard HTTP request wrappers. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious data handling observed. The functions appear to be intended for legitimate secrets management tasks, with proper validation for 'value_type'. No malicious or maliciously obfuscated behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a straightforward, legitimate API wrapper for managing secrets in Databricks, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It correctly handles secret data, performs typical API interactions, and does not contain suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}