{
  "purpose": "A Python class providing an API wrapper for managing secrets and ACLs in Databricks, facilitating secret scope creation, deletion, listing, secret management, and ACL handling.",
  "sources": "Method parameters such as url, token, scope, key, value, value_type, principal, permission, and external inputs passed to functions.",
  "sinks": "HTTP POST and GET requests transmitting payloads containing secret values, scope identifiers, keys, principals, and permissions to the Databricks API endpoints.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., secret values, scope names) flow into payloads which are sent via HTTP requests to specific API endpoints; secret values are included in payloads based on 'value_type'.",
  "anomalies": "Minor typo in method name 'putSeceret' instead of 'putSecret'; no hardcoded secrets, suspicious code, or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-structured API client for Databricks secrets management. It constructs URLs and payloads from method parameters and performs HTTP requests. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or malicious patterns are present. Exception handling for unsupported 'value_type' is appropriate. The code's purpose is legitimate, and it does not contain malicious payloads or backdoors. The only minor flaw is a typo in the method name, which does not impact security. The security implications depend on external factors like network security and proper API access controls. The code handles sensitive data by transmitting it over network requests, which is typical for such APIs. No signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward API wrapper for Databricks secrets and ACL management, with no malicious behavior, obfuscation, or backdoors. The minor typo should be corrected for code quality. The inherent security risk is low and typical for such API clients, primarily involving the transmission of secrets over network requests. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is 0.2, reflecting the typical operational risks associated with handling secrets.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}