{
  "purpose": "This code manages external account credentials by executing external scripts via subprocess, injecting environment variables, reading output files, and parsing JSON responses to retrieve tokens.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration parameters for executable command, environment variables, and output files; executes external scripts via subprocess.",
  "sinks": "External scripts executed via subprocess; output files read; JSON responses parsed; environment variables injected into subprocess environment.",
  "flows": "Configuration provides command and environment variables -> subprocess runs command -> output or output file provides JSON response -> response parsed for token.",
  "anomalies": "Uses subprocess with split() on command string without sanitization; relies on external scripts which could be malicious; no validation or signature verification of external scripts or outputs.",
  "analysis": "The code executes external scripts based on configuration, which introduces supply chain risk. No malicious code is embedded within the code itself. The main security concern is the trustworthiness of external scripts and configuration. The subprocess call uses split() without sanitization, potentially allowing command injection if configuration is malicious. Environment variables are injected directly, which could be exploited if environment is compromised. The code reads output files and JSON responses assuming they are trustworthy, with no integrity checks. No obfuscation or embedded malware is present. The scores assigned in the reports mostly reflect the potential risk due to external command execution, with malware scores appropriately low (0 or 0.2) and security risk scores higher (0.4 to 0.8). The highest malware score (0.75) in one report overstates the actual maliciousness of the code, as it depends on external scripts, not embedded malware. Overall, the code's inherent maliciousness is low, but the external execution vector poses a significant supply chain security risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code itself is benign but relies heavily on external scripts, which could be malicious if compromised. The primary security concern is the trustworthiness and validation of external commands and outputs. The malware score should be low (around 0.2), reflecting supply chain risk rather than embedded malicious code. The security risk remains high due to external command execution without validation. Obfuscation is not present. Proper validation, sanitization, and environment controls are essential to mitigate risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}