{
  "purpose": "The code provides constants and functions for retrieving lists of geographic and political regions such as UK counties, country codes, US states, US territories, and Canadian provinces, likely for use in web form selections.",
  "sources": "The code reads static data embedded within string literals and list definitions. The main source of external data is the 'text_directly_from_iso_website' string, which is a hardcoded textual representation of country codes and names.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks involving untrusted data handling, user input, or network connections. The data is static and only used internally for list generation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the embedded string constants and static lists into the return statements of functions; there are no dynamic or external data flows that could lead to vulnerabilities.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no unusual or suspicious behavior, no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. It performs straightforward data listing functions. The large block of country code data appears to be statically embedded, which is typical for constants.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of static data definitions and functions that return these data structures. The 'country_codes' function parses a hardcoded multiline string of country name and code pairs, but does so in a straightforward manner without any dynamic code execution. No external data sources, network calls, or user inputs are processed. The code structure is clean, with no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or malicious side effects. Overall, it appears to be a benign utility module for geographic constants.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign constants provider for geographic regions and country codes, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It only reads and processes static data, with no external or untrusted data handling. The functions are straightforward and do not pose security concerns.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}