{
  "purpose": "The code provides constants and utility functions for geographic regions including UK counties, country codes, US states, US territories, and Canadian provinces.",
  "sources": "Data sources include hardcoded lists, external URLs (ISO website data), and static data embedded within functions. The only external data fetch is the embedded ISO country code data, which is processed locally.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks where untrusted input is processed or outputted in a manner that could lead to data leaks or code execution vulnerabilities. No network, file, or database operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from embedded static data sources through processing (e.g., parsing, sorting) within functions. There are no untrusted data inputs, no user inputs, nor data outputs that could be exploited.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a large embedded static string of ISO country data, which is parsed into a list of tuples. There is a potential for exception raising if data format assumptions are violated. The code is overly complex for simply defining constants but contains no malicious logic. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code includes an exception for entries with 'see' comments, which appears to be data filtering logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily static data definitions with helper functions to process and return these constants. The 'country_codes' function includes parsing of a large static string of ISO country data, which is correctly processed into tuples. No user input, network activity, or executable code is present. The processing functions do not execute any dynamic code or external commands. The only potential risk is the exception-raising logic if data format assumptions are violated, but it is not malicious. There are no signs of obfuscation, malware, or malicious behavior. The code appears to be a benign constants module.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign constants provider with static geographic data. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious code. No evidence of supply chain attack, malware, or security risks is observed. The only concern is the reliance on static embedded data which is not malicious but could be malformed if external data updates are improperly formatted.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}