{
  "purpose": "This code defines functions for creating styled cross plots and double cross plots with matplotlib, including customization of axes, labels, grid, and additional directional annotations.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as axes limits, tick settings, and angle/label inputs for plotting functions.",
  "sinks": "Generated plots, axes modifications, and annotations are primarily visual outputs. There are no sinks that involve network activity, file I/O, or sensitive data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "User inputs (parameters) flow into plotting functions, which then modify axes and add visual elements like lines, patches, and annotations. These are purely visualization tasks without data leakage or untrusted data processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code attempts to set a matplotlib style 'jlop', which might not be available; however, this is handled with a fallback message. No hardcoded credentials, malicious code, or suspicious behavior such as system commands or network activity are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured for creating styled plots with specific axes, labels, and grid configurations. Functions handle plotting details without executing external commands or processing untrusted input beyond visualization parameters. The attempt to use a custom style ('jlop') is wrapped in a try-except block, indicating awareness of possible missing resources but not executing malicious code. No obfuscated, malicious, or suspicious code constructs are detected. The code does not contain any network operations, file manipulations, or hidden behaviors. It solely focuses on visual plot generation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a visualization utility with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It contains no malware or suspicious behaviors and functions as intended for plotting. The fallback for missing styles is benign, and no external malicious actions are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}