{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to generate stylized cross plots with customizable axes, grid, and arrow decorations, as well as functions to create single and double plot figures with specific configurations and annotations.",
  "sources": "Data is sourced from user-supplied parameters such as axis limits, labels, tick settings, and angle/range inputs for plotting arrows and lines.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sinks that send untrusted data externally, write to files, or perform network operations. It solely creates and displays plots within a local environment.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into plotting functions, which manipulate matplotlib axes to produce visualizations. There are no source-to-sink data flows involving external systems or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious data handling are present. The code uses standard matplotlib plotting procedures and straightforward parameter handling.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple plotting functions to generate stylized cross plots. The stylize() function customizes axes, spines, arrows, labels, and tick settings based on user inputs. cross_plot() creates a single plot with specified configurations, while double_cross_plot() generates a side-by-side plot with optional theming and a circle patch. add_direction() adds directional lines and annotations based on input angles and ranges. The code uses standard plotting libraries and constructs, with no external data, network operations, or data exfiltration mechanisms. No malicious behaviors, suspicious code, or malware signatures are detected. The functions are designed for visualization purposes, with no indication of harmful intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of plotting utilities for visualization, with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. It performs standard operations in matplotlib to produce styled plots, and there is no evidence of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}