{
  "purpose": "Implements an MCP protocol session handler for request/response and notification processing over memory streams.",
  "sources": "Reads incoming JSONRPC messages from _read_stream; reads input data for requests and notifications.",
  "sinks": "Sends JSONRPC messages to _write_stream, including responses, notifications, and errors.",
  "flows": "Input messages (requests, notifications, errors) flow from _read_stream to validation and handling; responses and notifications flow from methods to _write_stream; request-responder responses flow through _session._send_response.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected. Use of in-memory streams and generic handlers appear standard. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity evident. CancelScope and async handling are typical. Potential concern: handling of CancelledNotification without additional validation could be used to disrupt flow, but seems legitimate within protocol context.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of an asynchronous RPC session using in-memory streams with request-response matching, notification handling, and cancellation. It uses type validation via pydantic models and manages request lifecycle via RequestResponder. The handling of different message types appears appropriate, with error handling for unknown request IDs and validation failures. No evidence of malicious code or suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, network connections outside of intended protocol, or hardcoded secrets. The use of async context managers and task groups aligns with safe asynchronous patterns. No obfuscated or malicious code structures detected. The handling of cancellations and error responses seems consistent with protocol specification, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of an MCP protocol session handler. It manages requests, responses, and notifications securely using standard asynchronous patterns and validation. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}