{
  "purpose": "The code implements an asynchronous MCP (Message Control Protocol) session handler that manages request/response flows, notifications, and lifecycle of requests over streams, with support for cancellation and error handling.",
  "sources": "Input sources include the 'read_stream' (receiving messages or exceptions) and the 'write_stream' (sending messages). It reads incoming JSONRPC messages, notifications, and exceptions; it also reads request data through validated request models.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow into response streams, notification handlers, and request handlers. Potential sinks include the '_send_response' method which sends responses or errors, and the 'send_notification' method which emits notifications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input streams into validation, request handling, and potentially into response streams or notifications. The code handles responses, errors, and notifications, routing them appropriately based on message type and ID, with flows from incoming messages to request responders or notification handlers.",
  "anomalies": "There are no evident hardcoded secrets or credentials. The code properly manages context and cancellation scopes, with no suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation. The use of 'cancel' and 'cancelled' properties aligns with expected cancellation semantics. Logging on validation failures is present but not suspicious. No suspicious network calls or file access is present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages JSONRPC communication over streams with proper validation and request-response mapping. It uses context managers, async task groups, and in-memory streams to handle message flow. The potential for malicious behavior is low; it lacks code injection, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. Proper exception handling and validation are in place. No suspicious hardcoded data or unusual code patterns are detected. The design appears consistent with legitimate request handling and cancellation workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of an asynchronous message protocol handler with appropriate request lifecycle and error management. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks in this implementation. The overall security posture seems sound, and the code is not obfuscated or malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}