{
  "purpose": "This code implements an MCP session handler that manages request/response lifecycle, notifications, and message processing over read/write streams for a JSON-RPC-like protocol.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the provided MemoryObjectReceiveStream (self._read_stream), including JSONRPCMessage objects, exceptions, and control messages such as requests and notifications.",
  "sinks": "Responses, errors, and notifications are sent to the MemoryObjectSendStream (self._write_stream), including JSONRPCResponse, JSONRPCError, and JSONRPCNotification objects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the read stream to message handling functions; requests trigger creation of RequestResponder instances, which respond via the session's _send_response method; notifications may invoke internal handlers or cancel requests; responses are routed back to waiting memory streams.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks are present. The code contains standard request/response handling patterns and proper use of context managers. The request_responder class correctly manages cancellation and completion. No unusual or obfuscated code structures are detected. The only notable point is handling of cancellation notifications, which is standard behavior. No hidden network connections, file modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured, standard implementation of an asynchronous message handling session with request/response correlation, cancellation support, and notification handling. It uses standard Python libraries, async context managers, and well-known patterns. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, command execution, or network abuse, are evident. The handling of responses, requests, and notifications appears to be straightforward and aligned with protocol expectations. The absence of hardcoded secrets, malicious code, or obfuscation indicates low risk. The only minor concern could be the handling of unvalidated incoming messages, but given the validation steps and standard error handling, this appears safe.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured implementation of a message-driven session handler without any signs of malicious intent or security risks. Its design adheres to expected patterns for such a system, with proper validation and handling mechanisms. No malicious behaviors, backdoors, or supply chain attacks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}