{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this source code is to generate formatted markdown tables with customizable styles and options for rendering data in markdown format.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'data' parameter during initialization and in methods like __validate_data and __validate_multiline, as well as configuration parameters set through set_params.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data to external systems, send data over the network, or execute external commands. It primarily processes data internally for rendering markdown, with no obvious data leaks or external effects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input 'data' to various internal methods for validation, formatting, and ultimately to the output markdown string generated by get_markdown, get_header, and get_body. The data is processed within the class for formatting purposes only.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or suspicious patterns are present. The code relies on standard Python functions and clearly defined class methods.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a well-structured, specialized utility for rendering markdown tables with extensive customization options. It performs validation on input data, formatting, and parameters but does not include any network operations, file I/O, or system command executions. No embedded or hidden malicious logic, such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or code injection, is evident. The focus is solely on data formatting. All operations are confined to internal processing, with no signs of malicious activity or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign, specialized utility for markdown table rendering. It does not contain malware or malicious behaviors. No security risks are identified beyond normal validation and formatting procedures. Overall, it appears safe for use and does not exhibit supply chain threats or sabotage indicators.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}