{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python class for generating markdown tables with customizable formatting options. Its purpose is to produce well-formatted markdown representations of tabular data.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the input parameter 'data' (a list of dictionaries), and reads various configuration parameters from class attributes or method arguments.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed within class methods for formatting; no external data sinks or network connections are used. There are no apparent unsafe outputs or data leaks; however, the class generates strings for markdown rendering.",
  "flows": "Input data is validated and processed internally; data flows from the input 'data' list into internal methods that format and generate markdown strings. No untrusted data is executed or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The code performs standard data validation and formatting. No obfuscated code, network calls, or malicious behavior are detected. The utility functions 'count_emojis' and 'split_list_by_indices' are imported from an external utility module, but their usage appears consistent with emoji processing and list splitting, respectively. There are no signs of code injection or malicious code injection points.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured class for rendering markdown tables with extensive customization options. It performs data validation, formatting, and string manipulation to produce markdown output. There are no unsafe external operations, network communications, or code execution steps. No indications of malware or malicious behavior are present. The methods are designed for safe data handling and string formatting. The only external functions used ('count_emojis', 'split_list_by_indices') are presumed utility functions, and their usage appears safe. Overall, the code is consistent with standard markdown table generation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign markdown table generator with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is well-structured and performs expected operations related to data validation and string formatting for markdown output.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}