{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class for managing HTTP request and response data, with hooks for callbacks and tracing, intended for integration with FastAPI or Starlette. It includes data cleaning and request logging functionalities.",
  "sources": "Reads request objects, HTTP headers, and response headers; accesses request and response data via attributes and methods.",
  "sinks": "Modifies request and response headers, request data storage, and logging; potentially leaks or alters data through these operations.",
  "flows": "Request object is processed to extract and clean headers; request data is stored in internal dictionaries; trace calls can be invoked during request/response handling.",
  "anomalies": "Some functions generate hash-based string representations of data but lack context or clarity. No hardcoded secrets are found. Use of dynamic code execution is limited to context managers and standard method calls. No suspicious external network activity or credential theft is evident. Obfuscation or malicious code is not apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a structured approach to logging and tracing HTTP request/response cycles within a web API context. It uses callbacks for custom handling, maintains request logs with size limits, and cleans request/response headers to remove cookies if specified. It employs standard data structures and utility functions for hashing. No suspicious external calls, data exfiltration, or malicious backdoors are observed. The only unusual part is the complex naming conventions and the data cleaning method, which appears legitimate for anonymization. Overall, the code seems intended for monitoring and debugging purposes rather than malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for request logging, data cleaning, and tracing in a web API environment. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. It does not exhibit signs of malware, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}