{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a request and response tracking system for a FastAPI-based web service, including request logging, callback hooks, and optional tracing.",
  "sources": "Data is read from HTTP request objects (http_event_request, http_event_response), attributes within these objects, and environment/context during request handling.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data such as headers and cookies are processed; data is stored in request data dictionaries. No direct data leaks or external network communications are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from incoming request objects, through internal methods that process headers and cookies, into stored dictionaries keyed by request IDs; flow is mostly request processing and logging.",
  "anomalies": "The method 'uMBsFVHPgBhdSQAQwJvwvsGmAbZFpTbM' constructs a string with 'data cleaned' but references undefined variables 'data_size' and 'data_hash'. There is a suspicious import of 'str_md5' and usage of dict attributes, but no hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for handling HTTP request/response events, with logging and optional tracing. It uses method hooks for request/response processing, including header and cookie sanitization. The inclusion of 'str_md5' suggests some data hashing, but the variables 'data_size' and 'data_hash' are undefined, indicating incomplete or buggy code. No malicious network activity, code injection, or backdoors are present. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious behaviors are detected. Overall, the code seems to perform legitimate request tracking functions with minor coding issues.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a request/response logging utility designed for a FastAPI context. It processes headers and cookies, maintains request logs, and optionally traces calls. There are no signs of malicious intent or malware. Minor code issues like undefined variables are present but do not indicate malicious behavior. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}