{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to decode Azure Blob Storage URLs, filter file paths based on directory structure, and provide utilities for working with blob paths.",
  "sources": "Input paths provided to the BlobPathDecoder.decode() method and file_path_list parameters in ls_filter and _ls_file_and_folder_filter functions.",
  "sinks": "None; the code does not write data to external systems, execute system commands, or handle untrusted output directly.",
  "flows": "Input path passed to decode() methods flows through regex matching in _decode_path, then into pattern matching and string processing functions. File path list inputs are filtered in _ls_file_and_folder_filter based on regex pattern matching.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code relies on regex pattern matching with predefined patterns; no obfuscated or intentionally misleading code structures are present. No network activity or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements URL decoding for Azure Blob Storage paths, using regex patterns with named groups to extract storage account, container, blob, and account type. Patterns are stored and can be extended via add_pattern, which ensures pattern correctness by checking for placeholders. The decoding functions match input paths against known patterns and extract components. The filtering functions process a list of file paths, extracting files or directories based on regex pattern matches, and return sorted unique results. The code uses standard Python modules (re, typing) and does not execute external commands or handle sensitive data. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious behavior, or external network interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward utility module for handling Azure Blob Storage URL parsing and file path filtering. No malicious activity or malicious intent is detected. The implementation relies on standard regex operations and string processing without any suspicious logic. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}