{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities to decode Azure Blob Storage URLs into components, and filter file paths based on parent directory, primarily for managing and accessing blob storage data.",
  "sources": "The code reads input URL paths for decoding (in __init__, decode, and _decode methods) and file path lists for filtering (ls_filter and _ls_file_and_folder_filter functions).",
  "sinks": "There are no obvious sinks where untrusted data leads to data leaks or harmful actions, as the code does not perform network connections, file modifications, or command executions.",
  "flows": "Input paths are passed into methods such as __init__, decode, or ls_filter; these are processed via regex matching and pattern replacements; the resulting components are stored or returned. No data flows directly to external systems or harmful effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The regex patterns and URL decoding appear standard for URL parsing. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or backdoors are detected. Functions like add_pattern allow pattern extension but are constrained by input validation, reducing risk.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs pattern matching, string manipulation, and filtering. It uses regex to parse Azure URLs and file paths, which is a common and safe technique. The add_pattern method includes validation to prevent malformed patterns. There are no indications of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious commands. The presence of exception handling for input validation shows awareness of robustness. Overall, the code is straightforward and focused on URL parsing and filtering without harmful behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a utility library for Azure Blob Storage URL decoding and path filtering. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious intent are evident. The implementation is standard, with proper validation and no suspicious patterns. Overall, the security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}