{
  "purpose": "Load YAML configuration files, perform compatibility fix by replacing 'unicode' with 'str', and instantiate objects via FactoryLoader.",
  "sources": "Reading the YAML file from disk (__file__ + \".yml\"), reading its content into a string.",
  "sinks": "yaml.safe_load() parsing the YAML content, FactoryLoader().load() instantiating objects from parsed data.",
  "flows": "File read -> regex substitution on content -> safe_load parsing -> FactoryLoader load with parsed data.",
  "anomalies": "Regex substitution of 'unicode' with 'str' which could be exploited if YAML content is maliciously crafted, but mitigated by safe_load. Dynamic globals update with loaded classes/objects could be risky if YAML content is malicious, but unlikely in controlled environment.",
  "analysis": "The code reads a YAML configuration file, applies a regex replacement to ensure Python 3 compatibility, then safely parses the YAML and loads it into objects. No network activity, command execution, or external data handling is present. The regex substitution is a common compatibility fix and does not execute code. Use of yaml.safe_load() limits YAML injection risks. The dynamic update of globals() with loaded classes/objects could pose risks if YAML content is malicious, but given the context and use of safe_load, this is unlikely. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or malicious payloads are detected. The process is straightforward and typical for configuration management scripts.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign YAML configuration loader with a minor compatibility fix. No malicious activity, malware, or obfuscation is present. The low security risk score is justified given the minimal potential for misuse, especially with safe_load(). The regex substitution, while potentially exploitable if YAML content is malicious, does not pose significant risk in this context. Overall, the script is safe and appropriate for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}