{
  "purpose": "Define and manipulate PostgreSQL view entities, including parsing, generating SQL statements, and fetching from the database.",
  "sources": "The code reads schema, signature, and definition from input parameters, as well as database query results.",
  "sinks": "SQL statements generated for creating, dropping, and replacing views, executed against a database session.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and parsed SQL create view objects; methods generate SQL statements that are executed via database sessions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or suspicious data handling observed. The SQL generation uses string formatting with variables, but no apparent injection points. The code properly parametrizes SQL for database operations.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for PostgreSQL views, including methods to parse SQL into view objects, generate creation and deletion SQL statements, and fetch views from the database. The SQL parsing uses the 'parse' module with a template, which could be fragile but does not pose security risks. The SQL statement generation involves string interpolation with class attributes; however, since these are derived from sanitized input or database data, risk of injection is minimal. The database query in 'from_database' filters schemas but directly interpolates the 'schema' variable into the SQL string without parametrization, which could pose a risk if 'schema' is externally controlled, though it's typically controlled internally. No evidence of malicious code, backdoors, data leaks, or malicious behavior is present. No obfuscation or suspicious code constructs identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is focused on PostgreSQL view management, parsing, and database interaction. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The main concern is the direct interpolation of user-controlled schema names into SQL, which could be risky if misused, but generally in controlled environments this is acceptable. Overall, the code appears safe with no malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}