{
  "purpose": "The class TokenCryptor provides simple substitution-based encryption and decryption for strings, likely intended to obfuscate data using emoji replacements.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the input parameters 'string' and 'encrypted_token' in the encrypt() and decrypt() methods respectively.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks such as network calls, file writes, or data leaks; the code merely processes and returns transformed strings.",
  "flows": "Input string → encrypt() method → replacement substitutions → output encrypted string; Encrypted string → decrypt() method → reverse substitutions → output original string.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses extensive string replacements without any validation, input sanitization, or cryptographic security. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The substitution cipher is weak and easily reversible. No obfuscated or suspicious language features are present. The code appears straightforward and lacks malicious backdoors or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "analysis": "The code performs simple, static substitution encryption and decryption using emojis as tokens. It neither reads external data sources nor writes data to external systems. The replacements are symmetric and straightforward, implying no complex or malicious logic. There are no indications of hidden behavior, such as network communication, data leakage, or backdoors. The design appears to be solely for obfuscation purposes, which can be considered insecure but not malicious. No signs of malware, credential theft, or malicious payloads are evident. The code structure is clean, and no obfuscated or intentionally misleading code patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a basic substitution cipher implementation with no malicious intent or security risks. It is a simple obfuscation tool rather than a secure encryption method. No malware, malicious behaviors, or suspicious activity are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}