{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for handling ANSI escape sequences on Windows consoles, wrapping sys.stdout and sys.stderr streams for color support, and managing internal state for testing and reinitialization.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from sys.stdout and sys.stderr, and checks the platform and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "The code assigns wrapped stream objects to sys.stdout and sys.stderr, which could potentially be exploited if the wrapper objects execute malicious code upon stream write operations.",
  "flows": "Initialization functions wrap sys.stdout and sys.stderr with AnsiToWin32 objects; these objects may process or modify output streams based on platform and arguments, and the reset functions restore original streams.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses global variables to store original and wrapped streams; no hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The code modifies sys.stdout and sys.stderr based on platform checks. The use of atexit to register cleanup functions is standard. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes and manages console stream wrapping for ANSI support, specifically targeting Windows platforms. It uses external class AnsiToWin32 to perform stream wrapping, which could be a vector for malicious behavior if that class were compromised; however, in isolation, it appears standard. The functions handle state resetting and reinitialization securely. There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, malicious backdoors, or data leaks. The only potential concern is the wrapping of output streams, which, if manipulated or compromised, could alter output behavior, but this is part of intended functionality. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, obfuscation, or malicious network activity are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for safe ANSI support and stream management on Windows. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or supply chain risks in its current form. Its use of stream wrapping is standard for such functionality, and no malicious intent is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}