{
  "purpose": "This code defines various custom exception classes used within the Superset application, primarily for error handling, with some support for internationalization and structured error reporting.",
  "sources": "Input sources are primarily the parameters passed into exception constructors, such as error messages, error types, payloads, and optional context data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the `to_dict()` method for serialization, error message construction, and data returned in exception objects. No direct data leaks or unsafe operations are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into exception objects, which are then serialized via `to_dict()` for external consumption. No untrusted data flows into system-level commands or external services.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard exception class definitions with no hardcoded credentials or suspicious behavior. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious patterns detected. All strings and data appear consistent with structured error handling.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a hierarchy of custom exceptions for the Superset project, including error types, levels, and associated metadata. It uses imported libraries for validation and internationalization but does not perform any risky operations. The exception classes are used to standardize error reporting and do not contain malicious code. There is no evidence of code injection, backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious side effects. The use of exception handling and serialization appears safe and appropriate for the context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of exception classes for structured error handling within Superset. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code is well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation or harmful intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}