{
  "purpose": "Defines a comprehensive hierarchy of custom exception classes for error handling within the Superset project, facilitating structured error reporting and serialization.",
  "sources": "Exception class constructors, properties, and to_dict() serialization methods; no external data sources or input streams.",
  "sinks": "Serialization outputs of exception data; no untrusted data processing or external system interactions.",
  "flows": "Instantiation of exception objects with parameters -> serialization via to_dict() -> potential logging or API response, all within controlled scope.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or suspicious data flows; code adheres to standard exception handling practices.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises class definitions for various exception types, each with constructors, properties, and serialization methods. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or hardcoded secrets are present. Exception data is constructed from parameters, with no evidence of malicious intent or obfuscation. The structure is straightforward, with error types and levels clearly defined. The code does not process untrusted input directly nor perform external calls, minimizing security risks. The only minor concern is potential error message exposure, which is typical and manageable. Overall, the code is safe, standard, and free of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured set of exception classes used for error handling in the Superset project. It shows no signs of malicious activity, backdoors, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The assigned malware score of 0 and obfuscated score of 0 are appropriate. The security risk score is very low (~0.1), reflecting minimal potential for information leakage through error messages. Overall, the code is safe and suitable for production use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}