{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a utility for tokenizing Python source code, annotating variables, and collapsing multiline statements, likely for static analysis or code understanding purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads source code lines (input parameter 'source_lines')",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data or external communication are present in the code",
  "flows": "Source: source_lines input -> Tokenization and processing functions -> Output data structures such as source_map, line2names, etc.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution observed. The code does include warnings for mismatched tokens but no malicious actions are triggered. The code uses standard library modules in typical ways. No network activity, system modifications, or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The script is a static code analysis utility focused on tokenizing and annotating Python source code. It uses the 'tokenize' module to parse code, identifies variable names, keywords, comments, and operators, and collapses multiline statements. It also maps tokens back to source lines, possibly for further analysis. No parts of the code involve data transmission, system manipulation, or hidden behavior. All operations are confined to in-memory processing of source code strings, with standard library modules. There are warnings for token mismatches but nothing that indicates malicious intent. No dynamic execution or external resource access is present. The code’s structure and comments indicate it’s intended for code analysis or tooling, with no suspicious or malicious patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign utility for tokenizing and annotating Python source code. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks. Its purpose is to analyze code structure, variables, and syntax for static analysis or tooling. There are no indicators of malware, data leaks, or sabotage. Overall, the code is safe, with a very low malware and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}