{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to analyze Python source code by tokenizing it, mapping variable occurrences, and collapsing multiline statements, likely for code inspection or static analysis purposes.",
  "sources": "Source code input is provided as a list of source lines passed to functions such as annotate() and _tokenize(). There are no external data sources or inputs read beyond function parameters.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit data sinks; no network, file I/O, or other external data exfiltration points are present. The code only processes and returns data internally.",
  "flows": "The code processes input source lines, tokenizes them, maps tokens to lines, and constructs data structures for further analysis. There is no flow of untrusted data to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses undocumented and unconventional tokenization via 'tokenize.generate_tokens', but this is a known technique within the constraints of the standard library. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are evident. The code includes warnings about token mismatches but does not perform any unsafe operations.",
  "analysis": "The code performs static analysis of Python source code by tokenizing source lines, mapping tokens, identifying variable names, and collapsing multiline statements. It includes mechanisms to handle different token types and Python versions. No external network calls, file operations, or malicious behaviors are present. The primary purpose appears to be code inspection or parsing, with no evident malicious intent or malicious behavior embedded. The handling of tokenization and multiline collapsing functions is standard, albeit with some undocumented techniques, but nothing malicious is observed.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard static analysis utility for Python code, focusing on tokenization and source code mapping. It does not exhibit any malicious behaviors, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. The code appears safe and primarily intended for code inspection or analysis tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}