{
  "purpose": "The code appears to provide template tags for static file handling and CSS variable definition in a Django project.",
  "sources": "The code reads the Django version to determine import paths and uses template tag functions to return static file paths and CSS snippets.",
  "sinks": "The functions return static file paths and CSS code directly, which are likely used in templates; no external data or untrusted input directly influences these outputs.",
  "flows": "The version check influences the import of the static file function; the functions then return static paths or CSS snippets based on internal logic, not untrusted input.",
  "anomalies": "The version check compares Django version segments; the variable and function names are obfuscated or nonsensical, which is unusual but not inherently malicious. The CSS snippet is a static string with no dynamic data. The version check syntax appears non-standard but does not directly cause harm.",
  "analysis": "The code performs version-based conditional imports, which is a common pattern in Django projects. The static file function returns a static path based on a provided 'path' argument, which is used in templates. The second function returns a static CSS string based on the Django version. No user input is used to generate outputs; the code does not send data over the network, execute dynamic code, or access sensitive data. The obfuscated variable names and version check syntax are suspicious but could be code obfuscation or generated code. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily standard Django template tag definitions with obfuscated naming. There is no indication of malicious intent, malicious data flow, or security risks. The only concern might be obfuscation, which is not inherently malicious. Overall, the code appears safe and intended for static asset management.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}