{
  "purpose": "The code provides gRPC client and server interface definitions for a natural language processing (NLP) service, enabling remote procedure calls for various NLP operations.",
  "sources": "Imports (grpc, warnings, protobuf modules), version checking logic, and method definitions for RPC interactions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data sources include request parameters passed to RPC methods, especially serialized protobuf data.",
  "flows": "Input protobuf data from external sources flows into request serialization, sent over gRPC channels, and is deserialized at the server side. The server methods are placeholders raising unimplemented errors, so no actual data processing occurs here.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures. Version checking logic is standard for compatibility. All methods are unimplemented placeholders, indicating this is generated boilerplate code. No signs of obfuscated code, malicious behavior, or malicious side effects are present.",
  "analysis": "The script is generated gRPC interface code for a NLP service, including client stub, server interface with unimplemented methods, and helper functions to register services. The version check enforces compatibility between the generated code and the grpc package. All functions are stub methods raising 'Method not implemented!' errors, indicating no execution logic or malicious activity within this code. No suspicious data handling, external calls, or other potentially malicious behaviors are present. The code follows standard patterns for gRPC service definitions and client/server setup.",
  "conclusion": "This code is boilerplate generated gRPC interface code without implementation logic. It is not malicious, contains no backdoors, and poses no security risk. It serves as a communication interface for an NLP service, with no active processing or data handling shown. Therefore, it is safe based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}