{
  "purpose": "The code processes GraphQL schemas, parsing schema definitions or objects, extracting types, and organizing schema components such as queries, mutations, enums, interfaces, scalars, and input objects. It also establishes relationships like interface implementations.",
  "sources": "Schema string input (via parsing), schema object attributes (e.g., 'type_map', 'query_type', 'mutation_type'), and schema fields' types.",
  "sinks": "Modification of schema object attributes, assignment of types to schema components, and setting interface implementations. No external data transmission or file I/O observed.",
  "flows": "Schema string input -> parsing/building schema object -> extracting and categorizing types -> updating schema component attributes and relationships.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic attribute access and modification (e.g., 'hasattr', 'setattr'), cryptic variable names, and some obfuscated identifiers. No malicious code or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility for processing GraphQL schemas, involving parsing schema definitions or objects, extracting types, and organizing schema components into categories such as objects, scalars, enums, interfaces, unions, and input objects. It dynamically updates schema attributes and establishes interface implementations. No external network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious code is present. Variable names are obfuscated but do not indicate malicious intent; they are likely auto-generated or for code concealment. The use of dynamic attribute access is typical in schema manipulation but could be risky if inputs are malicious, though no such activity is evident here. The overall logic is consistent with standard schema processing tasks, and no vulnerabilities or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard GraphQL schema utility module with no signs of malicious activity or sabotage. The obfuscation in variable naming is minimal and not indicative of malicious intent. The security risk is low, and the malware score is 0. The obfuscation score is around 0.2 due to variable naming, and the overall security risk score is approximately 0.2. The code is safe for use in trusted environments, with caution advised if schema inputs are untrusted.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}