{
  "purpose": "The code appears to process and transform GraphQL schema definitions, parsing schemas from strings or existing objects, and organizing types, interfaces, enums, scalars, input objects, and fields for further use.",
  "sources": "The code reads schema input from string or object parameters, as well as attributes of schema objects such as 'type_map', 'query_type', 'mutation_type', 'fields', 'interfaces', and 'values' of enums.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data could be passed into the schema parsing function, but the code mostly processes schema objects and types without executing or evaluating untrusted input directly. No apparent data leaks or unsafe code execution points are present.",
  "flows": "Input schema (string or object) -> parsing/building schema -> accessing attributes and type maps -> processing fields, enums, interfaces, and scalar types -> assigning relationships and collecting types for schema organization.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code employs standard schema processing patterns and does not perform any dynamic code execution or network activity. Usage of a namedtuple with a cryptic variable name does not suggest malicious intent but might indicate obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs schema parsing and type categorization. It uses standard GraphQL Python library functions to parse schemas from strings and build schema objects. It processes schema types such as objects, interfaces, enums, scalars, and input objects, and organizes them into a custom data structure. The function 'zfceRMvtTliWVLRIvSScPfdEBsQWoUro' simplifies nested type wrappers, a common utility in GraphQL processing. The main function handles schema input, processes types, and assigns relationships, including interface implementations. There are no indications of code injection, data exfiltration, or network activity. Variable naming is obfuscated but consistent with schema processing logic, not malicious obfuscation. Overall, this appears to be a legitimate schema processing routine without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard GraphQL schema processing utility, parsing schemas, organizing types, and establishing relationships. It does not contain malicious behaviors or security risks. The obfuscated variable names may suggest some form of code concealment but do not indicate malicious intent. No security vulnerabilities or malware are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}