{
  "purpose": "This code is a unit test verifying that specific system-defined constants related to CoreMediaIO hardware properties match expected FOURCC codes. Its purpose is to ensure system constants are correctly defined and accessible.",
  "sources": "The code reads from imported system modules, specifically accessing predefined constants such as 'CoreMediaIO.kCMIOSystemObjectClassID' and using the 'fourcc' function to generate expected values.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks in this code; it does not process untrusted data, perform network operations, or write to external systems.",
  "flows": "The code compares system constants to expected values using assertions; there are no data flows from untrusted sources to sinks, as it is a static verification.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, suspicious code patterns, or obfuscation are present. The code is straightforward and uses standard assertions for constant verification.",
  "analysis": "The code imports system modules and asserts that certain FOURCC codes match predefined constants. It performs static checks without processing external input or executing dynamic code. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or data leaks are evident. The constants verified are system-defined identifiers, not secrets or sensitive data. The code's simplicity and purpose as a verification suite indicate a benign intent. No signs of obfuscation or malicious patterns are observed. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, security risk: 0, obfuscated: 0) are consistent with the code's behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, straightforward unit test verifying system constants related to CoreMediaIO hardware properties. It poses no security threat, contains no malware, and is not obfuscated. The scores of 0 for malware, obfuscation, and security risk are appropriate and consistent with the code's purpose and behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}