{
  "purpose": "The code manages Nuclio functions via REST API calls, handling deployment, status polling, project management, and configuration. It facilitates deploying functions from code, archives, or files, and manages function lifecycle events.",
  "sources": "API responses from Nuclio server (e.g., get_function, get_deploy_status), environment variables (e.g., NUCLIO_DASHBOARD_URL, IGZ_NAMESPACE_DOMAIN), command-line arguments, and user inputs.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to Nuclio API endpoints (POST, PUT, GET, DELETE), which trigger function creation, updates, or deletions; status polling; and project management.",
  "flows": "Sources such as environment variables and API responses feed into configuration and control logic, which then send requests to the Nuclio API endpoints. Status responses are polled and processed to determine deployment state and URLs.",
  "anomalies": "The global variable VERIFY_CERT is set to False, disabling SSL verification, which is insecure. Internal URL patterns constructed with environment variables (e.g., IGZ_NAMESPACE_DOMAIN) could leak internal network details if environment is compromised. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a deployment and management utility for Nuclio functions, utilizing standard API interactions and environment variables. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscated code are detected. The disabling of SSL verification (VERIFY_CERT=False) is a security concern, increasing the risk of man-in-the-middle attacks, but does not indicate malicious intent. The internal URL patterns are typical for Kubernetes environments but could expose internal topology if environment variables are compromised. The code structure is clear, with proper handling of API responses and deployment states. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2 to 0.4) are consistent with the analysis, considering the insecure SSL setting as a configuration issue rather than malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate deployment utility for Nuclio functions, with no signs of malware, backdoors, or obfuscation. The primary security concern is the disabled SSL verification (VERIFY_CERT=False), which should be addressed for production environments. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate; I would slightly increase the security risk score to around 0.3 to reflect this configuration issue, but overall, the code appears benign and well-structured.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}