{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to deploy, manage, and monitor serverless functions on a Nuclio platform, including handling configuration, uploading code, and interacting with the Nuclio API.",
  "sources": "Reads input from environment variables, function parameters, HTTP responses, and files (local and archive URLs). It also reads environment variables such as 'NUCLIO_DASHBOARD_URL', 'NUCLIO_DROP_API', and 'IGZ_NAMESPACE_DOMAIN'.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to Nuclio API endpoints for function deployment, updates, deletion, and project creation. It also writes deployment addresses to '/tmp/output'.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (parameters, environment variables, files) through functions that generate configuration objects, which are then sent via HTTP requests to the Nuclio API endpoints. Responses are polled for status updates, and URLs are constructed based on API responses and environment variables.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious code patterns, such as obfuscated code or dynamic code execution, are detected. No backdoors, malicious network activity, or data exfiltration behaviors are evident. Use of 'VERIFY_CERT = False' could be considered insecure, but it is a configuration choice, not malicious. No hidden or malicious code is found; the code primarily interacts with well-known APIs and manages deployment workflows.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard deployment and management functions for Nuclio serverless functions, including API interactions, configuration management, and status polling. It reads configuration data from environment variables, files, and parameters. HTTP requests are made with proper error handling, and responses are processed to determine deployment status. No suspicious data flows or malicious payloads are observed. The code does not contain any backdoors, data exfiltration, or unauthorized system access mechanisms. The use of 'VERIFY_CERT = False' could pose security concerns in production but is not malicious by itself. Overall, the code appears legitimate and intended for its described purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard deployment and management script for Nuclio functions, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security sabotage. It handles deployment workflows securely, aside from a potential configuration issue regarding SSL verification. No malicious signals or anomalous behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}