{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for causal effect estimation, including effect estimation, effect modifiers, confidence intervals, and significance testing, primarily for use within the DoWhy causal inference framework.",
  "sources": "No obvious sources of untrusted input or data reading points are present. Data is passed as function parameters; no explicit external data sources or input methods are implemented.",
  "sinks": "No explicit data sinks such as network calls, file writes, or system modifications are present. No use of os.system, subprocess, socket, or similar modules. Data manipulations are confined within pandas and numpy operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows through function parameters into various estimation and bootstrap functions, with no indication of untrusted data flow leading to malicious actions. No flow from untrusted sources to dangerous sinks is detected.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscated code, or suspicious dynamic code execution are present. The code appears structured, modular, and standard for a statistical modeling library. No hidden code or obfuscation features identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of a causal inference estimator framework, including bootstrap methods, effect estimation, effect modifiers, and significance testing. It utilizes standard Python libraries (numpy, pandas, sklearn) and does not perform any external data transfers, network communication, or system modifications. No dynamic code execution, code injection, or other malicious behaviors are evident. The presence of deep copying, data sampling, and statistical calculations is consistent with typical methodology rather than malicious intent. The code adheres to best practices in terms of structure and clarity, with no signs of sabotage or harmful routines.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate implementation of causal effect estimation techniques, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is consistent with a standard statistical library for causal inference, exhibiting no harmful or suspicious features.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 3
}