{
  "purpose": "The code implements classes for executing various Teradata analytic functions, including argument validation, query generation, output management, and dynamic class creation to encapsulate results. It handles input arguments, output tables, and resource cleanup within a controlled environment.",
  "sources": "Code reads configuration variables (e.g., 'configure'), input arguments via kwargs, and environment settings. It validates arguments, generates SQL queries, and accesses external modules for validation and utility functions.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs SQL queries and creates or drops tables/views. It converts tables into DataFrames. No direct data leaks, network connections, or malicious sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input arguments are validated and processed, then used to generate SQL queries. Queries are executed, results stored in tables, which are then converted into DataFrames and encapsulated in dynamic classes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code constructs, obfuscation, hardcoded credentials, or network activity are detected. The code relies on standard modules and environment variables, which are typical in such frameworks.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured, comprehensive implementation for executing Teradata analytic functions with extensive argument validation, query generation, and resource management. No malicious patterns, obfuscation, or insecure practices are evident. The use of environment configs and validation routines suggests a secure, controlled environment. External dependencies are assumed to be secure. The dynamic class creation and lambda functions are standard for flexible data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, secure implementation for executing Teradata analytic functions. It emphasizes argument validation, safe query construction, and resource cleanup. No signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or vulnerabilities are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}