{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for querying and aggregating trade tariff data from an external API, primarily for data analysis purposes.",
  "sources": "Data sources include function parameters providing input data, environment variables, and external API endpoints constructed within the functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include API requests sent over the network via urllib3, and data processing through pandas and json modules. No data is written to files or external storage directly.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (e.g., list of periods or parameters) flows into API request functions, which then send HTTP requests; responses are parsed and concatenated into DataFrames.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed; URL endpoints are static and constructed based on parameters. Some functions include error handling with retries. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions to perform API requests for trade data, with repeated calls for retrying failed requests. URLs are dynamically constructed based on input parameters, but no secrets or credentials are embedded within the code. Data is fetched via GET requests and parsed as JSON, then normalized into pandas DataFrames. Error handling includes simple exception catching with retries after sleep. No suspicious code behavior, backdoors, or malicious actions are apparent. The use of network requests, data parsing, and concatenation appear consistent with legitimate data collection tasks. No signs of malicious payload, data exfiltration, or unauthorized system actions are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate data retrieval and processing script for trade tariff information. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. Its functionality is consistent with authorized data collection, and no malicious signals were detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}