{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define multiple functions that interact with the United Nations Comtrade API to fetch trade and tariff data, process the responses, and return dataframes. It likely supports a larger application or data analysis workflow related to international trade data.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to functions, especially subscription keys, API URLs constructed dynamically, environment variables for proxy settings, and data received from HTTP requests.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request execution with potentially untrusted URL construction, print statements for error reporting, and return of processed dataframes. The code does not write to files or transmit data outside its scope.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., subscription key, data type, codes) influence API URL formation and request parameters. The HTTP request fetches data, which is then processed and returned. Errors trigger retries, but data is only processed locally.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic URL construction with input parameters; repeated exception handling with retries suggests resilience but no clear malicious pattern. Proxy management via environment variables is benign but could be misused if misconfigured. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated or suspicious code structures detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of functions that fetch trade data from a public API, process the JSON responses into pandas DataFrames, and handle request errors with retries. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The use of dynamic URL creation based on input parameters is typical for API interaction. Proxy configuration and request handling are standard. The code lacks any obfuscated or malicious intent, and all network communications appear to be with legitimate, well-known API endpoints.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of API wrapper functions designed for data retrieval from the UN Comtrade API. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The retry logic with sleep intervals is a standard resilience mechanism. Overall, the code appears safe and functional with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}