{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to fetch tariff and trade data from an API, process, and return it in structured formats, likely for trade analysis or reporting.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for API request URLs, API keys, and data processing parameters; data read from API responses via HTTP requests.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request responses processed and printed; data returned as pandas DataFrames. No explicit data leaks or untrusted data sinks beyond API requests and prints.",
  "flows": "Input parameters → URL and request preparation → API call → response processing → DataFrame output.",
  "anomalies": "Repetitive request pattern with sleep delays suggests retry logic, not suspicious. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. No obfuscated code or hidden payloads observed. Function parameters include many unused or defaulted arguments, but this is common in API wrappers.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically constructs URLs based on parameters, performs HTTP GET requests with optional proxy support, and processes JSON responses into pandas DataFrames. Exception handling includes retries with delays, typical for network robustness. No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious behavior detected. No signs of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity. No obfuscation, reverse shells, or system damage routines. Functions rely on standard libraries, with parameters suggesting API-based data retrieval, which is legitimate. The repeated API call logic with sleep is a standard retry pattern, not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a benign API client wrapper for data retrieval.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code functions as a legitimate API client to retrieve trade and tariff data, process it into DataFrames, and handle request retries. There is no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. It exhibits standard network request and data processing behavior without suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}