{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to configure and set up parameters for interacting with YouTube's APIs and streaming formats, including setting headers, API keys, and format options.",
  "sources": "Reads version information from __version__, and uses hardcoded API key, URLs, and format identifiers.",
  "sinks": "Uses the 'build_opener' function to create an HTTP request handler with custom headers, including a user agent string. The API key is embedded as a hardcoded string, potentially exposing it if the code is shared.",
  "flows": "The code constructs URLs for YouTube API requests and video information, and sets up an HTTP opener with custom headers, including the user agent. It also defines format mappings.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of a hardcoded API key ('AIzaSyCIM4EzNqi1in22f4Z3Ru3iYvLaY8tc3bo'), which is sensitive information. No input validation, dynamic execution, or obfuscated code is present. No malicious network activity or file manipulation observed.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes imports based on Python version, sets up URL endpoints, and defines static configuration data, including an API key and URL templates. The API key is embedded directly into the source code, which could lead to security issues if the code is exposed publicly. No untrusted input handling, no network activity beyond URL construction, and no code injection mechanisms are present. Format mapping dictionaries are static and do not process external data. No signs of malware or malicious behavior are detected, aside from the risky inclusion of a hardcoded API key.",
  "conclusion": "The primary security concern is the hardcoded API key, which if exposed, could lead to unauthorized use of the associated YouTube API quota or services. The rest of the code appears to be standard configuration for a YouTube API client or streamer. There is no malicious behavior or sabotage evident in the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 2
}