{
  "purpose": "This code appears to set up environment compatibility, define URLs for YouTube API and resources, and initialize configuration parameters for a YouTube-related application or library, including API keys and stream format mappings.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'sys' module for Python version info, the '.__version__' attribute from its own package, and uses hardcoded strings for URLs, API keys, and configuration options.",
  "sinks": "The code's sinks include the API key used in URL strings and the global variables that could potentially be used elsewhere for network requests or data processing.",
  "flows": "Source 1 (sys.version_info) influences environment setup; Source 2 (__version__) and hardcoded URLs/keys are used directly in variables. The API key is embedded directly into the code, which could be used in URL requests, potentially leading to data leaks if exposed or misused.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of a hardcoded API key ('AIzaSyCIM4EzNqi1in22f4Z3Ru3iYvLaY8tc3bo') is a significant anomaly, indicating possible security concern. The code does not contain obfuscation or complex dynamic code, but the API key's hardcoded nature is a security risk.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with environment setup for compatibility across Python versions, which is standard. It then defines a series of URL templates for YouTube API endpoints and resources. A hardcoded API key is included directly in the script, which is a security concern as it could be extracted or misused. Configuration options like user-agent strings and stream format mappings are set statically. No malicious code, such as network connections to suspicious domains or data exfiltration routines, is present. The code is primarily configuration and setup, with no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. However, the hardcoded API key could lead to abuse if distributed or exposed, constituting a security risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code mainly sets up configuration parameters for a YouTube-related application. The only suspicious aspect is the hardcoded API key, which could be exploited if exposed. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or obfuscation. Overall, the code appears to be standard setup code with a security concern due to the embedded API key.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 3
}