{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Django middleware for logging HTTP request and response data, with configurable settings for log levels, colorization, and sensitive headers handling.",
  "sources": "Reads request body (request.body), request headers (request.headers or request.META), request URL (request.path), request method (request.method), response content (response.content), response headers (response.headers or response._headers), and settings from django.conf.settings.",
  "sinks": "Logs data to the configured logger (request_logger), including headers, request body, response content, and error messages.",
  "flows": "Request data (headers, body, URL, method) flows from the request object into logging functions; response data (status code, headers, content) flows into logs; settings influence flow paths and data processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns identified. The code uses standard Django and logging modules, with configurable parameters. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Django middleware for request/response logging, with configurable levels, colorized output, and handling of sensitive headers. It retrieves settings from Django configuration, processes request headers and body, and logs them accordingly. It also logs responses, including special handling for JSON and multipart content. The logic for resolving view functions and checking for custom logging attributes is standard. No malicious behavior such as network transmission of data, data exfiltration, or code injection is present. The only potential concern is that request and response data are logged, which could leak sensitive info if misconfigured, but this is a known feature, not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate logging middleware without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard Django middleware for logging request and response data with configurable options. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected. It provides detailed logging features, which should be used with caution to avoid exposing sensitive data, but this is typical for logging utilities. No signs of malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}