{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Django middleware for logging HTTP request and response data with configurable levels, headers, and body content handling, including support for different Django versions and content types.",
  "sources": "Request body (request.body), request headers (request.headers or request.META), request URL (request.path), request method (request.method), response content (response.content), response headers (response.headers or response._headers), request and response attributes for logging configuration",
  "sinks": "Logging functions (request_logger.log), potentially sensitive header data, request/response data (including bodies), error messages, response content, headers",
  "flows": "Input sources such as request.body, request.META, request.headers/response.headers flow into logging functions, with control flows based on request attributes, response status codes, and content types determining whether and what data is logged.",
  "anomalies": "Use of regex to detect and replace binary content types in multipart data could mask malicious binary payloads. The code replaces sensitive headers with '*****' but does not filter or mask other potentially sensitive data. No evident malicious code or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code detected. No code injection or dynamic execution present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured Django middleware class for logging request and response data with configurable levels and masking for sensitive headers. It supports multiple Django versions, uses regex to identify binary content types, and handles multipart form data carefully. The logging configuration, including levels and masking of sensitive headers, is customizable via Django settings. No hardcoded credentials, no dynamic code execution, and no suspicious network activity are present. The code does not perform any malicious actions; it strictly handles logging, with masking mechanisms in place for sensitive data. There are no indications of supply chain sabotage or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, secure Django middleware for request/response logging with appropriate masking for sensitive headers and content types. No malicious behavior or sabotage indicators are detected. The code appears legitimate and intended for observability purposes without harmful intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}