{
  "purpose": "Define a custom Wagtail ChooserBlock with dynamic model resolution and custom widget/adapter registration.",
  "sources": "Imports from Django, instance_selector, Wagtail coreutils, telepath, and Wagtail blocks modules. Usage of self._target_model, lazy, resolve_model_string, and registry functions.",
  "sinks": "resolve_model_string potentially resolving to untrusted models; lazy evaluation; dynamic attribute access and modification; registration of custom block adapters.",
  "flows": "Model string resolution via resolve_model_string, dynamic widget initialization with lazy, registry calls to fetch models, and adapter registration. Data flows from model identifiers to model instances, then to widget and adapter functions.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'lazy' for dynamic method assignment, dynamic resolution of models via strings, and registration of custom Wagtail block and adapter without clear validation of input strings or models. No hardcoded secrets, no direct data leaks, or suspicious network activities observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom Wagtail ChooserBlock that dynamically resolves models using resolve_model_string, which can be influenced if the model string input is untrusted. It employs lazy evaluation to delay certain computations. The widget class includes methods to fetch models and initialize related widgets using external dependencies, and registers custom adapters with Wagtail telepath. There is no evidence of malicious network activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The use of dynamic model resolution and lazy evaluation introduces potential risks if inputs are untrusted, but within this code fragment, no malicious intent or harmful behavior is apparent. The overall structure appears consistent with Wagtail custom block definitions.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a Wagtail custom block with dynamic model handling and adapter registration. There are no signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or data leaks. The main security concern relates to dynamic model resolution which could be exploited if model strings are not validated externally, but this is a typical pattern in Wagtail customizations. Overall, the code appears legitimate and secure within its scope.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}