{
  "purpose": "This code provides a custom JSON formatter for Python logging, designed to produce structured log messages with detailed contextual information.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (via log level mapping), class attributes, and log record properties, especially in the format() method when constructing the log output.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct sinks that send data over the network, write to files, or perform system modifications. It outputs JSON-formatted logs to standard output or other logging handlers.",
  "flows": "The main data flow is from logging.LogRecord properties and optional exception info (exc_info) into a structured JSON output via the format() method. It processes exception info, log level, message, and custom record attributes, then encodes as JSON.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code uses standard logging and JSON libraries, with no hardcoded secrets, network operations, or obfuscated code. The traceback formatting is straightforward and only used for debugging info.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a structured JSON formatter for logging, with helper methods to format exception details and stack traces. It employs mappings for log levels and frame types. The format() method gathers log record data, formats exception info, and serializes the result as JSON. No network, file, or system modifications are observed. No hardcoded secrets, malicious code, or obfuscation is present. The overall design is consistent with safe logging practices, aiming to produce detailed logs for debugging and monitoring purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard logging formatter implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not perform network operations, write to files, or access sensitive data in an insecure manner. It is safe for use as part of a logging infrastructure.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}