{
  "purpose": "The code implements a file uploader class that handles uploading files or directories in chunks to a remote server via HTTP requests, managing upload sessions, retries, and chunk testing.",
  "sources": "Reads local file paths, directory contents, and file sizes; reads file data for chunks; reads environment variables indirectly via os and request responses.",
  "sinks": "HTTP POST requests for chunk upload and testing; GET requests to start, end, or cancel upload sessions; file read operations for chunk data.",
  "flows": "File data is read from disk during chunk uploads; checksum calculations are performed on chunk data; HTTP requests are made to test chunks and upload data; session management via start/end/cancel requests.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets found. No suspicious network domains or obfuscated code. The code uses standard libraries and patterns for file uploading. No hidden backdoors or malicious commands observed. No suspicious data leakage mechanisms or privacy violations evident.",
  "analysis": "The code manages file uploads in chunks, including session control, retry logic, and checksum validation, which are typical for file transfer implementations. It avoids executing untrusted code or making suspicious network connections. The code does not contain any obfuscated or malicious patterns. It handles errors and interruptions properly. All HTTP interactions are with routes passed as parameters, preventing hardcoded URLs. No hardcoded credentials, secret tokens, or privacy-violating operations are present. The file reading and checksum operations are standard. Overall, the code appears to be a standard file uploader with proper security considerations, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, well-structured file upload utility with robust error handling and session management. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks were detected. It functions as intended for secure file uploading without evident malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}