{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Python API client for interacting with Fortify SSC via REST API, including authentication, token management, and data retrieval.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user credentials (__user, __pass), tokens, and request parameters; HTTP request responses from the Fortify SSC server.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to Fortify SSC endpoints, including token creation, revocation, and data fetching; potential sensitive data leaks through request parameters or responses.",
  "flows": "Credentials (__user, __pass) flow into token creation and revocation; tokens flow from creation to revocation; request parameters and data flow into HTTP requests, responses are processed and returned.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected. The code manages tokens securely and does not execute arbitrary code or data. The use of assertions for authentication checks is noted but not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code implements an API client with standard patterns for authentication, session management, and request handling. No obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or suspicious data leaks are evident. Token creation and revocation are properly managed, and requests are constructed with attention to security. No signs of malware or malicious code are present. The use of retries and session management aligns with best practices. The only minor concern is the use of assertions for critical authentication logic, which could be bypassed if assertions are disabled, but this is not malicious. Overall, the code appears legitimate and secure in purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client for Fortify SSC with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles authentication, session management, and data requests securely. No malware or malicious behaviors are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}