{
  "purpose": "The code handles YAML configuration files, loads external data files, processes data related to airfoils and materials, and writes YAML outputs for configuration management.",
  "sources": "File reads from specified YAML files and linked external data files, reading lines, regex extraction, and loading text data.",
  "sinks": "Writing YAML files, loading external data files, and updating configuration structures; no untrusted data flows into system commands or network.",
  "flows": "Source: file input (YAML and linked files) -> data processing functions -> sink: YAML output files and data structures.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated variable and function names; dynamic file path handling; minimal input validation; no network activity or hardcoded credentials; moderate obfuscation but no malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs configuration and data processing tasks involving YAML files and external data files. Variable names are obfuscated, which could be for concealment but does not indicate malicious intent. No network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present. The functions load, process, and save data with standard Python libraries, and the code's behavior aligns with benign configuration management. The obfuscation level is moderate, justified by variable naming, but does not suggest malicious sabotage. No signs of malware such as network connections, backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected. Input handling lacks validation, which could be a concern in untrusted environments, but this does not constitute malicious activity. Overall, the code's security risk is low, and the malware likelihood is negligible.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign configuration utility with obfuscated variable names but no malicious behavior or payloads. The low malware score (0) and low security risk (0.2) are justified. Obfuscation is moderate but not malicious. The overall assessment indicates a low-risk, non-malicious codebase primarily involved in YAML configuration management.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}