{
  "purpose": "This code defines a configuration class for managing API credentials, server settings, logging, SSL verification, and other connection parameters for the Basis Theory SDK. Its purpose is to facilitate secure and flexible API interactions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from parameters such as api_key, api_key_prefix, username, password, host, ssl_ca_cert, and environment variables for logging and SSL settings.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the handling of API keys and credentials, which are stored in dictionaries and used in HTTP headers, and the construction of URLs with user-supplied variables. No untrusted data is directly written to files or network in suspicious ways.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-supplied parameters into internal storage (e.g., api_key, api_key_prefix). These are used to generate authorization headers or URL replacements. Credentials are used in header construction, and host URLs are assembled with user-defined variables.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code are present. The code follows standard SDK configuration patterns. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a generated SDK configuration class managing API keys, authentication, logging, SSL verification, and host settings. It handles credentials securely via parameters, with no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation. The data flows involve user-supplied credentials and URL variables, which are standard for SDKs. No malicious behaviors, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are detected. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: 0.2) are consistent with the benign, configuration-focused nature of the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard SDK configuration class for the Basis Theory API. It manages credentials, server URLs, logging, and SSL settings securely and transparently. There are no signs of malware, obfuscation, or malicious intent. The overall security risk is very low, and the code is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}