{
  "purpose": "The code defines a helper class for constructing and managing HTTP headers, specifically for configuring cross-origin policies and sharing buffer support in a web server environment using aiohttp.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input; it only manages internal data structures (_headers and _presets). The only external interaction occurs in the 'apply' method, which assigns headers to a module imported from 'wslink.backends.aiohttp'.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the assignment to 'aiohttp.HTTP_HEADERS', which affects the server's response headers. No other potential sinks or data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "The flow is straightforward: setting 'shared_array_buffer' updates preset flags, which conditionally set or remove headers. The 'apply' method exports the current headers to 'aiohttp.HTTP_HEADERS'.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, malicious code, or obfuscation are present. The headers set include permissive CORS ('Access-Control-Allow-Origin': '*'), which is common but can be risky if misused, though not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The class appears to be a utility for managing HTTP headers with options to toggle shared array buffer support and set CORS policies. The logic for setting headers based on 'shared_array_buffer' is standard and not suspicious. The 'apply' method modifies an external module's headers, which is typical in server configuration. No code injection, malicious behavior, or suspicious activity is evident. The use of 'import' within a method is acceptable and not suspicious. Overall, the code is straightforward, with no signs of obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a benign utility for managing HTTP headers for a web server, with standard implementation patterns. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks beyond permissive CORS settings, which are common but should be configured carefully in production environments. The code appears safe and intended solely for configuration purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}