{
  "purpose": "The code sets up HTTP servers, including a secure HTTPS server with self-signed certificates, for testing purposes. It prepares URLs for testing HTTP requests, with fixtures for use in pytest tests.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'value' parameter in prepare_url function, the system environment for SSL context configuration, and network sockets for server operation.",
  "sinks": "Network sockets for starting HTTP/HTTPS servers, SSL context configuration for secure communication, and thread management for server operation.",
  "flows": "Input URL string in prepare_url -> URL manipulation for proper format -> URL used in HTTP requests in tests; trustme CA and server cert configured -> server socket wrapped with SSL -> server runs in separate thread.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or unusual code patterns; all server setup and fixtures are standard for testing HTTP servers, including secure ones with self-signed certificates. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily facilitates setting up local HTTP and HTTPS servers for testing purposes, using standard libraries and practices. It dynamically generates self-signed certificates for the secure server, which is typical in testing environments. No code executes external commands, collects system data maliciously, or interacts with external suspicious domains. The server is wrapped with SSL for secure communication, but this is done with trusted, internally generated certificates. There is no evidence of malicious code or sabotage. The use of 'trustme' for certificate management is standard in testing and does not pose a security risk. The code is well-structured, with no obfuscation or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is safe and intended for testing HTTP/HTTPS server functionality. There is no malicious behavior, supply chain sabotage, or security risks present. The only notable aspect is the use of self-signed certificates for testing secure connections, which is appropriate in this context.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}