{
  "purpose": "The code provides various functions for validating and analyzing strings for specific formats such as URLs, emails, ISBNs, IP addresses, and text properties.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for functions (e.g., input_string, obj, input_string, allowed_schemes, card_type), imported modules (json, re, string), and external regex patterns from ._regex.",
  "sinks": "Validation checks using regex matches, string manipulations, and exception raising. No data is written or sent over the network, nor is there any code that directly interacts with external systems or performs destructive actions.",
  "flows": "Input data is passed through validation functions that rely on regex matching and string processing. Data flows from input parameters to regex match results and exception handling. No external or untrusted data flows to sensitive sinks such as network or file system.",
  "anomalies": "Use of regex patterns imported from an external module (. _regex) without visibility into their content could potentially hide obfuscated or malicious regex patterns, but this alone is not evidence of malicious intent. The functions perform straightforward validation; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden code are evident. The code raises exceptions on invalid input, which is typical. No suspicious string manipulations or dynamic code execution are present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple validation functions for different string formats, primarily using regex matching and string processing. There is consistent input validation, proper use of try-except blocks for error handling, and no indication of data leakage or malicious behavior. The import of regex patterns from an external module (. _regex) could potentially conceal malicious regex, but without seeing their content, this is speculative. The overall structure is typical of a validation library with no signs of sabotage or malware. No network activity, system calls, or obfuscated code are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward validation library designed for string format validation. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The only potential concern is the imported regex patterns, which could theoretically contain obfuscated regex, but this cannot be confirmed from the provided code. Overall, the code is safe and appears to serve its intended purpose without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}