{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of validation functions for various data formats including strings, URLs, emails, UUIDs, IP addresses, and identifiers like ISBN and credit cards. It is intended for data validation and format checking.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to functions such as input_string, obj, and optional arguments like allowed_schemes, card_type, separator, and normalize.",
  "sinks": "Regular expression matching functions (e.g., re.match, re.search), json.loads, string manipulations, and raising exceptions (InvalidInputError, KeyError).",
  "flows": "Input data is validated through regex matches or processing steps; functions like is_email, is_url, is_json, etc., process input from sources, apply regex or parsing, and return boolean results or raise errors.",
  "anomalies": "Use of external regex patterns imported from ._regex; no hardcoded credentials or secrets; exception handling is limited to validation errors; no dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious string manipulations detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists mainly of data validation functions utilizing regex matching, string processing, and exception handling. No indications of malicious code or backdoors. The functions are designed for format validation, not for executing or executing untrusted code. No network operations, data exfiltration, or system commands are present. The only potential concern is that the functions rely on external regex patterns (imported from ._regex), which could be malicious if those patterns are compromised, but this is outside the provided code scope. There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or dynamic code execution mechanisms. Overall, the code appears to be a benign utility library for data validation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data validation library with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It relies on regex for validation, which is typical for such tasks. No network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoor mechanisms are present. The only possible concern is external dependencies on regex patterns, but within the scope of this code, there are no malicious signs.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}