{
  "purpose": "This code implements a supervisor RPC interface for process management, log handling, configuration reloading, and system info retrieval within supervisord. It facilitates remote control and monitoring of processes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from log files, process configurations, and process states. It also reads input parameters for process control functions and configuration data.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow into log files via notify events or process logs. The notify() function sends internal events, which could be misused if external inputs are crafted maliciously, but it is intended for internal dispatch.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external inputs (e.g., process names, signals, log offsets) into process control functions, which then perform filesystem or process state modifications. The notify() function can send data to internal event listeners, but no external network communication occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or hidden code are present. The notify() function is used for internal event dispatching, which is standard. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a supervisor process control API, with functions for starting, stopping, signaling processes, reading logs, and reloading configuration. It performs validation, error handling, and process state checks. The notify() function is used for internal event dispatching, not external communication. No malicious or suspicious logic, obfuscation, or secret data is present. The scores assigned (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2) are consistent with the code's functionality and typical process management features.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard supervisor RPC interface with no signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or sabotage. It provides process control and monitoring capabilities expected in such systems. The low security risk score reflects potential misuse if exposed externally, but this is a deployment concern rather than an inherent flaw. Overall, the supply chain security posture appears sound.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}