{
  "purpose": "The code implements multipart upload and copy functionality for Amazon S3, managing upload sessions, parts, and completion or abortion of uploads.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration parameters (e.g., multipart_chunk_size_mb, upload_id), source file stream or S3 URI, and request responses from S3 service.",
  "sinks": "S3 API requests for initiating, uploading parts, copying parts, completing, or aborting uploads. Uses network calls to S3 endpoints.",
  "flows": "Source: source file stream or S3 URI and configuration parameters -> S3 API request creation -> network request to S3 -> response handling (e.g., ETag extraction) -> storage of part checksums. No untrusted input flows directly into insecure operations or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code uses standard AWS multipart upload procedures with no obfuscated or suspicious logic. Logging functions are used for debugging but do not contain malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code handles multipart upload and copy operations with standard AWS API interactions. It manages upload sessions, parts, and completion procedures, ensuring resumability and integrity checks via checksums and size verification. No indications of malicious behavior, data leakage, or backdoors are present. It relies on external S3 SDK methods and configuration parameters for its operation, with no signs of suspicious activity. There are no dynamic code execution, obfuscated sections, or hidden network communications. All functions perform expected upload management tasks without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of Amazon S3 multipart upload and copy functionality. It adheres to standard AWS API procedures and does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is safe based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}