{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this source code appears to be to perform some form of data processing or utility function, but the specific goal is unclear without further context.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from environment variables, function parameters, and possibly external modules. No explicit input sources like files or network connections are clearly shown.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include printing to console, writing to files, or sending data over network connections via imported modules. No obvious insecure sinks are directly visible.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources such as environment variables or parameters through functions and possibly into outputs like print statements or network calls, but specific source-to-sink paths are not explicitly demonstrated due to limited code provided.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code patterns, or obfuscated code are immediately evident. The code uses standard Python constructs. However, if any dynamic execution or indirect data handling exists, it is not apparent from the visible snippet.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be straightforward, with no evident malicious logic or suspicious constructs. It does not contain hardcoded secrets, perform unsafe operations, or demonstrate behaviors typical of malware. The structure seems typical of utility or application code. Due to the limited snippet and absence of network or file I/O, there are no clear malicious indicators. No anomalies like obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are detected. The overall behavior aligns with normal code patterns.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the provided code fragment, there are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. The code appears benign and standard in nature. However, a more comprehensive review of the entire codebase would be needed to confirm this conclusively.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}