{
  "purpose": "Load Kafka configuration from a YAML file located in the user's home directory.",
  "sources": "Reading the file at ~/.kafkahood/config.yaml and loading its content with yaml.load()",
  "sinks": "Potential execution of arbitrary code if the YAML content is maliciously crafted during yaml.load()",
  "flows": "File read -> yaml.load() parsing the content",
  "anomalies": "Use of yaml.load() with Loader=yaml.Loader, which is unsafe for untrusted YAML content",
  "analysis": "The code reads a YAML configuration file from the user's home directory and loads it using yaml.load() with the default loader. This method is known to be unsafe because it can execute arbitrary code if the YAML file is maliciously crafted. No malicious behavior or malware is present in the code itself; the risk stems from the insecure parsing method. The exception handling is generic, raising a RuntimeError if loading fails. The code is straightforward and does not contain obfuscation. The primary security concern is the potential for code execution if an attacker can modify the YAML file. The current implementation's use of yaml.load() with yaml.Loader exposes a security vulnerability, which could be exploited in untrusted environments. The safest approach is to replace yaml.load() with yaml.safe_load() to prevent execution of arbitrary code during parsing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign but contains a significant security vulnerability due to the use of yaml.load() with an unsafe loader. This could lead to remote code execution if the YAML file is maliciously crafted and accessible to an attacker. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious code present. The obfuscated score is 0, given the code's clarity. The security risk score should be around 0.6, reflecting the moderate to high risk posed by unsafe YAML parsing practices. To mitigate this, the code should be updated to use yaml.safe_load() instead of yaml.load() with yaml.Loader.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}