{
  "purpose": "The code provides a utility class for detecting and handling outliers in data, supporting multiple methods such as z-score, Yeo-Johnson transformation, impact reduction, and local standardization.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from pandas DataFrames or Series, primarily in the fit_transform and multi_outlier_multi_columns methods. It also reads data for transformations and statistical calculations within various private methods.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any explicit sinks like network operations, file I/O, or system commands. It primarily processes data internally within pandas DataFrames.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the source input (DataFrame/Series) through outlier detection and correction methods, resulting in modified DataFrames returned by the functions. No external data sinks or malicious data exfiltration paths are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are observed. Usage of third-party libraries (numpy, pandas, scipy, scikit-learn) is appropriate for data processing. The method raises standard exceptions for invalid inputs. No obfuscated code or hidden malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard outlier detection and correction techniques, utilizing statistical thresholds and transformations. It does not perform any network activity, file system operations, or system command execution. There are no suspicious conditional logic or dynamic code execution mechanisms. The only notable aspect is the potential for data loss if methods like fit_transform remove rows or modify data significantly, but this is consistent with intended data preprocessing behavior. Overall, the code appears focused solely on data manipulation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a data preprocessing utility for outlier handling, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses common statistical and transformation techniques safely. No malicious signals or suspicious activities are present. The code is safe for use in data pipelines.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}