{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to automate the process of downloading, building, and installing various multimedia libraries (libheif, x265, aom, libde265) on Linux systems.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (BUILD_DIR, INSTALL_DIR_LIBS, PH_LIGHT_ACTION), retrieves URLs for source code archives, and executes external commands via run().",
  "sinks": "The script executes external commands such as 'wget', 'curl', 'tar', 'cmake', 'make', 'ldconfig', and runs compiled binaries like './configure' and 'nasm'. It also writes files during downloads and builds.",
  "flows": "Sources (URLs, environment variables) feed into download functions which output archive files. These are extracted and then fed into build processes involving 'cmake' and 'make'. External commands execute at various stages, especially during download, build, and installation, with outputs used for decision-making.",
  "anomalies": "The code downloads and executes external scripts and tools without validation of the content, potentially allowing malicious payloads if URLs are compromised. It uses 'wget' and 'curl' with no checksums or signatures, which could lead to downloading malicious binaries or scripts. The script's ability to run arbitrary commands (e.g., 'patch', 'cmake', 'make') can be misused if the URLs or environment are manipulated. No explicit validation or verification of downloaded files is performed. The script runs 'ldconfig' and modifies system directories, which could affect system integrity if malicious modifications occur.",
  "analysis": "The script automates building multiple libraries by downloading source archives from specified URLs, extracting them, configuring, compiling, and installing. It uses external tools like 'wget' and 'curl' without signature or checksum validation, which poses a security risk if the URLs are compromised. It executes system commands such as 'patch', 'cmake', 'make', and 'ldconfig' with no verification of their inputs, allowing potential injection or execution of malicious code if any step is maliciously altered. The code does not perform any validation of downloaded files' integrity. The ability to execute arbitrary commands and the reliance on external URLs increase the attack surface, especially if environment variables or URLs are compromised. There are no measures for sandboxing or verifying the authenticity of the source code, making this a high-risk process for supply chain attacks.",
  "conclusion": "The code automates source downloading and building of system libraries without verifying the integrity or authenticity of the downloaded content. It relies on external URLs that could be compromised, and executes system commands directly, increasing the risk of supply chain attacks. It does not include checksums, signatures, or sandboxing, which are critical for secure package management. Therefore, the overall security posture is risky, with a high likelihood of malicious behavior if external sources are compromised or malicious code is introduced.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.4,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 2
}