{
  "purpose": "The script automates the downloading, extraction, configuration, building, and installation of various multimedia libraries (x265, aom, libde265, libheif) on Linux systems, primarily for development or deployment purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (BUILD_DIR, INSTALL_DIR_LIBS, PH_LIGHT_ACTION), downloads files via URLs (LIBX265_URL, LIBAOM_URL, LIBDE265_URL, LIBHEIF_URL), and executes shell commands (wget, curl, tar, cmake, make, patch, ldconfig).",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data is used in shell commands executed via run() functions, especially for download commands, tar extraction, patching, building, and installation. Particularly, the use of run() with dynamically constructed commands can lead to command injection if inputs are manipulated, although in this code inputs appear static or controlled.",
  "flows": "The script fetches URLs, saves archives to disk, extracts them, configures build environments via cmake, compiles with make, installs libraries, and modifies system configurations with ldconfig. These steps involve executing shell commands that process data from URLs and environment variables.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code downloads external files over HTTP/HTTPS, which could be manipulated for malicious purposes, but no direct malicious behavior is evident. The code contains commented-out patch application lines, suggesting possible manual modifications. No obfuscation, encryption, or obfuscated code features are present. There are no hidden or backdoor-like functions.",
  "analysis": "The script appears to be a standard automated build script for open-source multimedia libraries. It verifies tool versions, downloads source archives, extracts them, configures build options, and compiles. All URLs are from official or known repositories, and no suspicious network activity or data exfiltration code is present. The use of subprocess.run() is controlled, and the commands are constructed from static strings or controlled variables. There is no evidence of malicious payloads, such as data theft, system disruption, or network exfiltration. Overall, the code seems intended for legitimate build automation, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build automation script for open-source libraries with no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. It downloads and compiles software in a controlled manner, with no suspicious network or system actions. The security risk appears low, assuming trusted URLs and sources.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}