{
  "purpose": "Provide trigonometric functions that operate in degrees, including conversions, quick lookup tables for common angles, and hyperbolic functions.",
  "sources": "Reading input data: function parameters such as angleInDegrees, cosVal, sinVal, tanVal, y, x.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or effects: Returning computed angles or trigonometric values; no direct sinks for untrusted data or external systems.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (source) are processed through mathematical functions and lookup tables, then output as function return values. No untrusted data flows into critical system components or external calls.",
  "anomalies": "Use of precomputed lookup tables for specific angles minimizes runtime computation but introduces potential inaccuracies if used improperly. No suspicious code such as network calls, file operations, or obfuscation. Comments clarify purpose, no hardcoded secrets or secrets handling. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard trigonometric and hyperbolic functions with degree-based input/output, including conversion functions and lookup tables for common angles to enhance precision. The lookup tables are hardcoded for specific angles to ensure exact results where possible, which is a common practice to improve precision in trigonometric calculations. The functions employ well-known math library functions and perform straightforward calculations, with input validation through modulus operations. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification. The code is well-structured, with clear separation of functionality, and includes comments. No obfuscated code, no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious intent detected. The only minor concern is the placeholder for undefined tan values at 90 and 270 degrees, which is expected as tan is undefined at these angles, but no malicious intent evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of degree-based trigonometric functions with lookup tables for common angles to improve accuracy. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code appears to serve its purpose without security issues.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}