{
  "purpose": "The code implements a text highlighting utility that marks specified keywords within a given text, supporting n-gram highlighting and customizable highlight tags.",
  "sources": "Input parameters: 'text' and 'keywords' in the 'highlight' method; class initialization parameters for configuration.",
  "sinks": "None; the code does not perform any network communication, file operations, or access external data sources.",
  "flows": "Input 'text' flows through processing in 'highlight', which calls 'format_one_gram_text' or 'format_n_gram_text' for keyword matching and highlighting. Keywords are derived from the 'keywords' parameter, with internal text tokenization and regex cleaning. Highlighted text replaces original tokens based on keyword matches.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external interactions. Use of regex for token cleaning may be slightly inconsistent but is not malicious. The code uses broad exception handling (try/except) without specific error handling, which is a potential concern for masking errors, but not malicious. No obfuscated code or hidden functionalities detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs keyword highlighting within text, supporting multi-word (n-gram) matching with flexible tokenization and regex cleaning. It handles keyword lists, including tuples, and applies custom highlight tags. No network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code appears to be solely for text processing. The broad exception handling might hide errors but does not suggest malicious intent. Overall, the code functions as a safe text highlighter with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard text highlighting utility with no malicious or suspicious features. It does not exhibit malware behaviors, external data leakage, or backdoors. The logic is consistent with intended functionality, with no signs of supply chain attacks or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}