{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a collection of functions designed to perform geographical data lookups and mappings using CSV data files, likely for geographic or demographic data processing.",
  "sources": "Data is read from CSV files located within a package resource directory ('geo_mappings/') using pkg_resources.resource_filename(__name__, ...). No external inputs or untrusted sources are evident within this code.",
  "sinks": "The functions perform lookups and return lists based on matching criteria; there are no sinks that handle untrusted data, execute commands, or perform network or file operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from static CSV resources into pandas DataFrames, then through functions which perform regex searches and data matching, ultimately returning filtered or matched data. No external or untrusted data enters the flow, nor is there evidence of data being output to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex, dynamically constructed regex-based matching with parameters such as 'ignore_case' and 'fixed', but nothing immediately suspicious or malicious. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The variable names are obfuscated or nonsensical, which might hint at obfuscation or minification, but this alone isn't malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code loads multiple CSV files containing geographic mappings, with filtering and formatting applied. Several functions perform lookups based on different geographic codes (FIPS, CBSA, state abbreviations, names). The core lookup function 'qcuXfmbMIdAiCFJEZQoZpmHIUvGsPGjr' performs regex matching with options for case sensitivity and 'fixed' string matching, returning matched records. There are no indications of malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The only potential concern is the obfuscated variable names, which could indicate code obfuscation but do not necessarily imply malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or harmful code is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of geographic data lookup functions using static CSV data files. It employs regex-based matching to perform lookups and handles data filtering and formatting. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The obfuscated variable names suggest possible code minification or obfuscation, but no malicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}