{
  "purpose": "The code appears to perform geographic data mapping and lookups involving census data for counties, MSAs, states, and other geographic entities, with functions designed for mapping codes and names to geographic identifiers and vice versa.",
  "sources": "Reads CSV files from resource filenames embedded in the package, and accepts user input parameters for geographic codes or names.",
  "sinks": "Processes input data through regex searches and data lookups, returning lists of matched geographic identifiers or names.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (codes or names) are used to perform regex searches and DataFrame lookups, with results collected into lists, then returned. No untrusted data flows directly into system commands or network calls.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code primarily performs data filtering, lookups, and matching operations. Function names and variable names are obfuscated, but that alone is not evidence of malicious intent. No use of network, file modification, or system commands observed.",
  "analysis": "The script loads multiple CSV files containing geographic data. It defines multiple functions for mapping geographic codes/names, using regex matching and DataFrame lookups. The functions include options for case sensitivity and matching behavior, with validation on method parameters. No network activity, no system modifications, or suspicious behavior are present. The code's obfuscation is limited to variable and function naming, which appears to be an attempt to obscure understanding but does not inherently indicate malicious intent. The functions perform typical data matching tasks, and the only warnings relate to potential ambiguity in matching results, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is focused on geographic data lookup and mapping, with no evident malicious behavior or malware. It appears to be legitimate utility code for geographic data processing. The obfuscated naming is a concern for clarity but does not imply malicious intent. No malicious signals or behavior are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}