{
  "purpose": "The code appears to load geographic data from CSV files, perform various geographic lookups and mappings, and handle data with different geographic identifiers such as county, metropolitan, state, and abbreviations.",
  "sources": "CSV files loaded via pkg_resources.resource_filename, which read geographic data related to counties, MSAs, states, and abbreviations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any direct data sinks that send data externally or perform risky actions such as network communication, file writing, or executing system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows involve reading geographic identifiers, performing regex-based matching, filtering dataframes, and returning matched geographic data based on input codes or names.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. The code uses standard pandas operations and regex matching. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected. Warnings are used for non-unique matches, which is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code loads CSV data related to geographic entities into pandas dataframes. Several functions perform lookups from geographic codes or names to other identifiers, using regex matching with options for case sensitivity and fixed string matching. The functions handle input as strings or iterables, process matching logic, and return lists of matched values. The code appears to implement geographic data lookup logic without any external communication or malicious activity. No hidden code, obfuscated functions, or suspicious patterns are detected. The use of warnings for multiple matches is typical for such lookup functions. The overall structure and operations are consistent with legitimate geographic data processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard geographic data lookup utility, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It relies on publicly available data files and performs regex-based lookups in a safe manner. There are no indications of malware or harmful behavior. The security risk is minimal, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}