{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Scrubber class designed to detect and remove personal information (Filth) from text or documents using various detectors and post-processors. It manages detectors, applies them to input data, and cleans text accordingly.",
  "sources": "Input text documents (via methods like clean, clean_documents, iter_filth, iter_filth_documents), reading detector and post-processor configurations, and input parameters for detectors/post-processors.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted input data processed by detectors and post-processors; no direct external data sinks (e.g., network, file system) are evident in this code.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into detector methods (iter_filth, iter_filth_documents), where data is processed and filtered into Filth objects; these flow into post-processing steps; finally, the data is used to replace or anonymize text.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. Use of warnings for deprecated parameters; no obfuscated or misleading code structures. No unusual behaviors or secrets observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured implementation of a text sanitization system. It initializes detectors and post-processors, manages their addition/removal, and applies them sequentially to input data. It employs safe type checks, exception handling, and sorting. There are no signs of malicious activity, such as network connections, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The use of warnings for deprecated features is standard. The functions are well-organized with clear roles, and no code suggests malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured implementation of a personal information scrubber. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. It primarily processes data internally with no external harmful operations. No security risks are apparent beyond typical application logic. Overall, this code appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}