{
  "purpose": "The code implements a 'Scrubber' class responsible for detecting and removing personal information ('Filth') from text. It manages detectors and post-processors, dynamically loading and applying them to sanitize input data.",
  "sources": "Input text provided to methods like 'clean', 'iter_filth', and 'iter_filth_documents'; data is read by detector methods during detection phases.",
  "sinks": "Processed text output after detection and replacement; no external data transmission or system modification occurs.",
  "flows": "Input text flows into detectors' 'iter_filth' methods, generating 'Filth' objects; these are merged, sorted, and passed through post-processors; finally, the cleaned text is produced via replacements.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious patterns are present. The code uses plugin-like dynamic loading, which is standard for extensible libraries, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a modular, plugin-based data sanitization system designed for privacy protection. It performs detection, merging, and cleaning of personal data without external communication or system modification. No network activity, obfuscation, or malicious behavior is evident. The dynamic plugin loading and flexible architecture are typical for such tools. Warnings about deprecated features are standard maintenance practices. Overall, the code is transparent, well-structured, and purpose-driven.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured privacy-focused text sanitization library with no malicious or obfuscated elements. The security risk is minimal, and the malware score should remain at 0. The obfuscated score is 0, reflecting clarity. The risk score can be conservatively set around 0.15–0.2, considering plugin flexibility but no actual vulnerabilities. The reports' scores are consistent and appropriate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}