{
  "purpose": "Evaluate supply chain security of the provided Python Promise and concurrency utility code, focusing on malicious behavior, obfuscation, and security risks.",
  "sources": "Spawn functions executing arbitrary user-defined functions; callback lists within Promise class; import statements for gevent, concurrent.futures, threading.",
  "sinks": "Execution of functions within spawn, callbacks, and errbacks; event signaling for promise resolution.",
  "flows": "Spawn functions invoke user-supplied functions asynchronously; callbacks are called upon promise fulfillment or rejection; external functions may be malicious if supplied externally.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious payloads detected. No suspicious patterns beyond standard asynchronous execution.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a Promise pattern with utility functions for asynchronous execution using threading, gevent, or futures. No embedded malicious code or backdoors are present. The primary security concern is executing external functions via spawn, which could be malicious if supplied by untrusted sources. The code itself is straightforward, well-structured, and free of obfuscation. The risk scores assigned in the reports (0.2-0.3) are appropriate, reflecting the inherent risk of executing untrusted code in such frameworks. Malware scores are correctly set to 0, as no malicious payloads are detected. Confidence levels are high (~0.9), given the clarity and standard nature of the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, implementing standard Promise and concurrency utilities. The main security consideration is the execution of external functions via spawn, which is typical but should be managed carefully in untrusted environments. No malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The risk scores are justified and align with the code's behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}