{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Promise-based asynchronous framework with utilities for handling multiple promises, threading, and spawning processes.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, external imports (gevent, concurrent.futures, threading), and internal method calls within Promise methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if callback functions handle untrusted data improperly; the code itself does not directly write to files, network, or system resources. Promise resolution or rejection could propagate untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input from external functions or callback parameters flows through promise resolution or rejection paths, potentially propagating untrusted data to callbacks or errbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Use of threading and external libraries is standard, but no malicious or backdoor-like behavior detected. The code handles exceptions and promise state changes securely, but does not validate callback functions for safety. The Promise class's internal methods do not contain malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a Promise implementation with methods for fulfillment, rejection, chaining ('then'), and utility functions for handling multiple promises ('listPromise', 'dictPromise'). It includes environment-dependent spawn functions for asynchronous execution using gevent, concurrent.futures, or threading. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden malicious code. The only notable aspect is the dynamic spawning of threads or greenlets, which could be misused if callback functions are untrusted, but this is not inherently malicious. No hardcoded secrets, network connections, or destructive code are present. Overall, the code appears to be a standard asynchronous utility library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a Promise-based asynchronous framework designed for general use. It does not contain malware, malicious backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The only security concern might be the handling of untrusted callback functions, which could lead to security issues if callbacks are malicious, but this is typical in asynchronous frameworks. There are no signs of supply chain sabotage or malicious code insertion.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}