{
  "purpose": "This code provides an implementation of a Promise-like asynchronous handling system in Python, along with utility functions for handling multiple promises, and mechanisms for spawning threads or greenlets to run functions asynchronously.",
  "sources": "The code reads input/data from user-defined callback functions, promise resolution and rejection handlers, and external data in dictionary or list form. It also reads external modules (gevent, concurrent.futures, threading) for concurrency.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or malicious actions could occur if callback functions or external handlers are malicious, especially if they access or send data over networks, or manipulate system files or environment variables. The code itself does not directly perform such actions.",
  "flows": "External data enters via callback functions and promise resolution/rejection; these functions execute within promise resolution pathways, potentially leading to data access or leakage depending on user-defined callbacks. The spawning functions execute user-defined functions asynchronously via threading or greenlets.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated code, misleading variable names, or unusual code structures are detected. No self-modifying code or suspicious network operations are directly present. The code correctly uses threading and concurrency modules for asynchronous execution, but these are standard techniques and not suspicious by themselves.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard promise-like asynchronous control flow mechanisms, with utilities for handling multiple promises and spawning threads or greenlets for asynchronous function execution. It includes mechanisms to resolve, reject, and chain promises, and safely handle callback invocation. The spawn functions utilize common concurrency modules (gevent, concurrent.futures, threading) to run user-defined functions asynchronously, with proper exception handling to reject promises on errors. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident from the code itself; the logic is straightforward and standard for asynchronous execution. There are no signs of hidden backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious code injections. The only potential concern is that malicious callbacks provided by users could perform harmful actions, but this is a user responsibility outside the code's control.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of promise-based asynchronous control flow and concurrency in Python. It does not contain malicious behavior, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code. Its security risk is low, with the main consideration being that user-defined callbacks could execute malicious code if provided by an attacker. Overall, the code appears safe from supply chain or malicious tampering within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}