{
  "purpose": "This code provides CLI utilities for shell completion installation, display, and handling within a Python package that uses Click and Typer.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include environment variables (_TYPER_COMPLETE_TEST_DISABLE_SHELL_DETECTION), user-provided options (--install-completion, --show-completion), and shell detection via shellingham.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include system exit (sys.exit), printing output (click.echo, click.secho), environment variable usage, and shell command invocation (via install function).",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment variables or user options to decision points that determine whether to install or display completion scripts, followed by output or termination. Shell detection influences the output of completion scripts.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments detected. The use of sys.exit after installing or showing completion scripts is standard. Shell detection is conditional, but no malicious logic is present. The code appears to handle completion scripts appropriately, with no obfuscated or malicious code behavior.",
  "analysis": "The script provides CLI completion functionality with functions for installing and showing shell completion scripts. It checks environment variables to control behavior, uses external libraries (click, shellingham) to detect shells and manage completion scripts, and handles output accordingly. No suspicious data leaks, malicious commands, or backdoors are present. The sys.exit calls are used for flow control after completing actions. No unsafe data handling or malicious behavior is evident. The code is well-structured and appears to implement standard CLI completion features with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of shell completion management for CLI tools using Click and Typer. No malicious behavior, malware, or significant security risks are detected. It appears to be a benign, well-structured utility module, with low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}