{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions for parsing, transforming, and inlining CSS in HTML content, primarily for email templates. It handles external stylesheet loading, resource resolution, and DOM manipulation to prepare HTML emails.",
  "sources": "External URLs via _load_external method, local loader for stylesheets, and attribute values in HTML elements (e.g., src, href, style, background).",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can reach the network or filesystem through external URL loading, or be injected into the DOM via attribute modifications (e.g., src, href). The code also modifies meta tags and inline styles, but does not execute untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Sources include URL inputs and HTML attributes; flows lead to resource loading functions (_load_external_url, local_loader), DOM modifications, and resource embedding (images, styles). External loaders or URL resolution functions act as intermediaries, with data flowing from sources to sinks via method calls.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. The regex for CDATA and title tags are standard; no obfuscation or hidden code present. Warnings about deprecated parameters suggest maintenance issues but not security flaws.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured HTML/CSS processing library for email templates, relying on external libraries and resource loaders. It manages external resource loading with fallback mechanisms and DOM manipulations. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The main security concern is external resource loading, which depends on external functions and configuration, not the code itself. The code does not perform any harmful actions or contain malicious payloads. The assigned malware score of 0 and low security risk (~0.2) are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code is legitimate, well-designed for its purpose, and contains no signs of malware or malicious intent. The potential security risk stems from external resource loading, which can be controlled via trusted loader functions. The current low scores are justified and appropriate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}