{
  "purpose": "This code defines a decorator function to send notifications to a Microsoft Teams webhook before and after executing a wrapped function, primarily for training status updates.",
  "sources": "Input parameters: webhook_url (string), user_mentions (list of strings). Data is gathered from environment variables, socket hostname, and function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Requests to the webhook URL using requests.post with JSON payloads. Potential data leaks if webhook URL or mentions are sensitive. No other sinks identified.",
  "flows": "Environment variables (RANK) -> hostname (socket.gethostname) -> notification payload creation -> requests.post to webhook URL; also, function execution flow is monitored for success or exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "Use of environment variables RANK to determine master process; no hardcoded credentials; no suspicious code patterns. The code interacts with external network resources (webhook URL) but does not perform malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward notification wrapper for training processes, providing status updates via webhooks. It reads environment variables to determine process rank, gathers system info, and sends notifications before and after function execution. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious network activities beyond legitimate webhook notifications. The use of requests.post with dynamic JSON payloads is typical for notification systems. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are present. The environment variable check for RANK is a common pattern for distributed training management, not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code serves a monitoring and notification purpose without any malicious intent or behavior. It interacts with external services securely within the context of sending status updates and does not exhibit any malicious or suspicious actions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}