{
  "purpose": "The code manages configuration for the Applitools Eyes SDK, including environment variable retrieval, capability setup for mobile and NMG, and interaction with external components like CommandExecutor and ProxySettings.",
  "sources": "Environment variables accessed via get_env_with_prefix, function parameters, and external modules such as CommandExecutor and ProxySettings.",
  "sinks": "Configuration dictionaries (caps), command arguments, and environment variable dictionaries, often serialized with json.dumps.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment variables and function parameters into configuration structures and command execution calls, with serialization steps in between.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious behaviors detected. Use of environment variables and external SDK components is standard. No code injection, network exfiltration, or backdoors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles configuration setup for the SDK, setting environment variables, and preparing capabilities for mobile and NMG testing. It uses environment variables and parameters responsibly, with no signs of malicious intent. The presence of unimplemented properties raises no security concern but indicates incomplete interface implementation. No obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious patterns are present. The data flow is typical for SDK configuration routines, with serialization and environment variable handling being standard practices. The code does not perform any network activity or code execution beyond configuration, and no backdoors or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SDK configuration class with no signs of malware, sabotage, or malicious intent. The use of environment variables and external SDK components is standard. The minor security risk stems from potential misconfiguration if inputs are malicious, but this is typical for such code and does not indicate malicious activity. Overall, the code is safe and appropriate for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}