{
  "purpose": "The code provides an implementation of the 'Eyes' class for the Applitools SDK, handling configuration, environment setup, and utility functions for visual testing automation.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables via get_env_with_prefix, processes input parameters such as api_key, eyes_server_url, proxy_settings, and JSON data in set_mobile_capabilities and set_nmg_capabilities functions.",
  "sinks": "Places where untrusted data could lead to vulnerabilities include string formatting with json.dumps in set_mobile_capabilities and set_nmg_capabilities, and the use of environment variables. However, no direct execution of untrusted code, system commands, or data leaks is observed.",
  "flows": "Input data such as api_key, eyes_server_url, proxy_settings, and environment variables flow into configuration dictionaries and are used to set environment arguments and capabilities. No dangerous data flows, command injections, or code execution paths are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code behavior detected. The code employs standard SDK patterns, environment variable usage, and configuration setup. No hardcoded secrets besides environment variable reliance are present. No obfuscation or malicious logic is identified.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a visual testing SDK class, with functions to set mobile and NMG capabilities based on environment variables and input parameters. No code injection, network connections to suspicious domains, or malicious behavior is detected. Use of environment variables and JSON formatting are standard practices, and the code does not perform any unauthorized actions. There are no backdoors, data exfiltration mechanisms, or obfuscated code segments. Overall, it seems benign and consistent with SDK setup routines.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a typical SDK configuration class with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It securely handles environment variables and configuration data, with no suspicious activities or malware indicators. The code is safe for use in the context of its intended SDK functions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}