{
  "purpose": "This code provides a robust implementation of enumerated types in Python, allowing creation and management of enums with string keys and associated values.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from constructor parameters (__init__ methods), particularly the *keys parameter when creating Enum instances, and accesses attributes like __author__, __license__, __version__, etc.",
  "sinks": "The code does not appear to handle untrusted external data directly or include code that executes external commands, network operations, or writes sensitive data. No sinks for untrusted data are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor arguments to internal storage of enum keys and values; attribute access retrieves enum members. No external data flows into or out of the system in a way that impacts security.",
  "anomalies": "The code is standard for an enum implementation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The use of properties and custom exception classes is typical. There are no suspicious or unusual code constructs.",
  "analysis": "The module defines custom exceptions for error handling, including enumeration creation errors and immutability enforcement. The core classes are Enum and EnumValue, managing enum creation, access, and comparison. The implementation enforces immutability of enum instances by raising exceptions on attribute or item modification. The code is well-structured, adheres to common patterns, and does not perform any suspicious operations. No network, file I/O, or external command execution is present. All data handling appears limited to internal enumeration management without external influence or malicious side-effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard enumeration library with no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security risks. It provides a safe, immutable enum implementation suitable for use in larger projects. No malware or security vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}