{
  "purpose": "The code provides a module for creating and managing enumerated types in Python, allowing users to define sets of named constants with immutability and comparison features.",
  "sources": "Reads input from the constructor parameters (__init__ methods) when creating Enum instances and EnumValues, particularly the keys provided to Enum(). No external data sources or user input handling are present.",
  "sinks": "Uses internal attributes and string representations, with no indication of untrusted data processing, network connections, or file operations. No sinks that could lead to data leaks or malicious actions are found.",
  "flows": "Data flows from Enum constructor keys into EnumValue instances; comparisons are made internally among EnumValue objects. No external or untrusted data flows are identified.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns, such as dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets, are present. The license and author information are standard. The code uses standard class structures and properties without obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The module defines custom exception classes, a comparator decorator for EnumValues, and classes for Enum and EnumValue. It provides an enumeration creation mechanism with safeguards against empty enums and invalid keys. No network, file, or user input handling exists. The code is clean, well-structured, and follows standard patterns. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities are evident. The purpose is to facilitate safe enumeration creation, not to perform any external or malicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-implemented enumeration utility with no malicious intent or security risks. It does not perform any harmful actions, data exfiltration, or network communications. It is safe for use in projects requiring enumeration support.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 1
}