{
  "purpose": "This script serves as a command-line tool for linting and reformatting HTML templates using djLint, with options for configuration, file processing, and progress display.",
  "sources": "User input paths via command-line arguments, environment variables (potentially), stdin stream reading when '-' is used, configuration files, and file contents during processing.",
  "sinks": "Reading from stdin, reading/writing temporary files, displaying output in terminal, and potentially network-related logging or error messages (though not explicitly).",
  "flows": "Input data from user paths or stdin -> temporary file creation or direct file processing -> lint/reformat functions -> output display or file modifications.",
  "anomalies": "The code creates a temporary file from stdin input without any sanitization or validation, which could be exploited if stdin is manipulated maliciously. The code imports many modules and executes file processing based on user input, but there are no evident external network calls, command executions, or data exfiltration points present. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The progress bar and output handling are standard.",
  "analysis": "The script performs typical CLI operations: reading user-specified files or stdin, creating a temp file for stdin input, and processing files via thread or process pools. No suspicious code or external network calls are observed. The only potential concern is handling stdin input into a temporary file, which could be exploited if stdin is maliciously crafted, but this is standard practice and not inherently malicious. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. The module uses standard Python libraries and functions for file handling, concurrency, and terminal output without suspicious modifications. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate CLI tool with standard practices, and no malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard command-line utility for linting and formatting HTML templates. It reads input from user files or stdin, processes files with concurrency, and displays progress. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected. The only minor concern is handling stdin input without validation, which is typical for CLI tools but could pose risks if stdin is maliciously controlled. Overall, the script appears safe and intended for legitimate use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}