{
  "purpose": "The script serves as a command-line tool for linting, formatting, and checking HTML templates using djLint.",
  "sources": "Input sources are file paths provided via command-line arguments and stdin (standard input). The code reads from stdin if '-' is present in the source list and from files specified directly in arguments.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include reading from stdin, writing to temporary files, and outputting formatted or linted results to stdout.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from stdin or specified files into the get_src function, which processes paths. The process function performs linting or reformatting, then outputs results. The temporary file created from stdin data is read back for output if needed.",
  "anomalies": "The creation of a temporary file from stdin data and immediate reading back for output is a normal pattern, not suspicious. No hardcoded credentials or unusual code patterns are observed. Usage of third-party libraries like click, tqdm, colorama, etc., appears standard. No obfuscated or suspicious code constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical CLI application using standard libraries and well-known third-party modules. It processes files and stdin input, performs linting and reformatting via invoked functions, and manages progress display. The temporary file handling for stdin input is safe and conventional. There are no signs of malicious code, such as network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors. All data handling is confined to local files or stdin/stdout, with no external communication. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious behaviors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate CLI tool for HTML template linting and formatting. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The temporary file handling for stdin input is standard and does not introduce security concerns. Overall, the code is safe based on this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}