{
  "purpose": "This script is designed to provide a command-line interface for linting and reformatting HTML templates, supporting various configuration options and processing files or stdin input.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from files specified via command-line arguments or from stdin (via click.get_text_stream). It also reads configuration files if provided.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include reading stdin data, reading and writing temporary files, and printing formatted or linting output to stdout. No untrusted data is directly sent over the network or stored externally.",
  "flows": "Input data (stdin or files) flows into get_src() for processing. The process function applies reformatting or linting. Results are printed or returned based on configuration, with temporary files cleaned up afterward.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual patterns are present. The use of tempfile and Path for handling temporary files is standard. No signs of malicious behavior like data exfiltration, network connections, or backdoors are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a CLI for processing files or stdin input, with options for formatting and linting. It uses standard libraries and practices, with safe handling of temporary files and process pooling. No external or hidden network activities, data leakage, or malicious code patterns are found. The flow is straightforward, focusing on file processing and output display. It adheres to common patterns for command-line tools and does not include suspicious or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate CLI tool for HTML linting and formatting with no detectable malicious intent or security risks. It follows safe practices for handling input, temporary files, and concurrency. No malware or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}