{
  "purpose": "The script is a command-line tool for linting and reformatting HTML templates, with options for configuration, file handling, and progress reporting.",
  "sources": "Input source is obtained from command-line arguments ('src') and possibly stdin (via click.get_text_stream('stdin')). Data is read from files, temporary files, and stdin streams.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include reading files (file.read_text()), writing to temporary files (temp_file.write()), and printing output via echo().",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (files or stdin) into processing functions (lint_file, reformat_file), and results are output through echo() and sys.exit(). Progress bar updates reflect process status.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or backdoors detected. Usage of temporary files is standard, and no dynamic code execution, network connections, or obfuscation present. The code reads stdin and writes to stdout safely. No suspicious or unusual code patterns identified.",
  "analysis": "The script imports standard libraries and third-party modules for CLI, progress display, and formatting. It defines a command-line interface with numerous options, but none that perform malicious activities. It handles files, including stdin, with temporary files for processing, which is a common pattern. The process function calls external modules for linting and formatting, assumed to be safe. Progress bars and output handling are typical for CLI tools. There are no indications of malicious code, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code adheres to normal patterns for file I/O, process management, and user interaction.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard CLI utility for linting and reformatting HTML templates. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks based on the provided implementation. All data handling appears safe and intended for legitimate processing. No suspicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}