{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of feature detectors for analyzing C++ code features using libclang, primarily to identify language features and attributes across different C++ standards.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules (e.g., 'clang.cindex'), logger setup, and class method parameters such as cursor, token_spellings, token_str, and available_cursor_kinds. No user input or untrusted data sources are present.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks could include logging statements and pattern matching within tokens and cursor properties, but these are for feature detection, not for executing or transmitting untrusted data.",
  "flows": "The code flows from source data (cursor, tokens) through feature detection methods, which analyze the data for specific patterns or attributes, and then logs or returns boolean indicators. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of feature detection for C++ code analysis. There is no code that performs network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications. Use of 'logger.debug' and pattern matching is benign and consistent with analysis tasks.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically defines numerous feature detectors for various C++ standards and features, primarily using pattern matching on tokens and cursor properties. It utilizes the 'clang.cindex' library for AST analysis. No code injection, malicious logic, or sabotage mechanisms are identified. The code relies on pattern matching and logging for feature detection, all of which are standard for static code analysis tools. No external or untrusted data sources are processed, and no network or system operations are performed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static analysis utility for detecting C++ language features and attributes. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. The code is well-structured, and its purpose is consistent with safe code analysis practices.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}