{
  "purpose": "This code provides a framework for detecting various C++ language features and attributes via code analysis, likely for purposes such as code compliance, feature detection, or static analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads tokens, cursor kinds, token strings, and cursor attributes from an abstract syntax tree (AST) or tokenized code, especially from the 'clang.cindex' library, and some internal methods like 'get_children()' and 'get_tokens()'. It does not include external input sources, but processes code structure and tokens.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain data sinks that send untrusted data externally, perform network operations, or execute dynamic code. It primarily detects features via static code analysis. There are no suspicious data leak points or external communication points.",
  "flows": "The detectors analyze code tokens, cursor kinds, and code structure to identify specific language features or attributes. No data flows from untrusted sources to dangerous sinks; detection is purely static and pattern-based.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain unusual or malicious logic. It is extensive but primarily pattern matching and attribute detection. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. No obfuscation or hidden code is detected. No malicious code or system manipulation is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple feature detector classes for various C++ standards, implementing detection logic via token patterns, cursor kinds, and code structure. The registry manages these detectors and runs all detectors against code, aggregating feature detections. There is no indication of malicious intent; it is a static analysis framework. The only potentially suspicious aspect could be the use of 'logger' for debug and warning logs, but this is standard for diagnostics and not malicious. No external communications, code injection, or harmful actions are present. The code is comprehensive but solely for static feature detection.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a feature detection framework for static analysis of C++ code features and attributes. It does not contain malicious behavior, external data leaks, or system manipulation. It is a benign, pattern-matching analysis tool with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}