{
  "purpose": "This code provides a framework of feature detectors for analyzing C++ code features using clang's libclang library, mainly for identifying language features, attributes, and syntactic patterns.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from cursor objects (e.g., cursor.kind, cursor.spelling, cursor.type), token strings (token_str), token spellings (token_spellings), and cursor's child nodes (cursor.get_children()). It also inspects the token stream and cursor kind for pattern matching.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include detection of patterns like attributes, keyword usage, and code constructs, but there are no apparent sinks that directly cause data leaks or perform unsafe operations. No network, file, or system command interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from cursor attributes, token strings, and token spellings through pattern matching logic within each detector's detect method. These patterns set feature flags but do not execute unsafe operations or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain anomalies indicative of malicious intent. It is a structured, pattern-matching framework designed for static analysis of C++ code features. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. No use of unsafe functions or code injection mechanisms is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple feature detectors as classes, each implementing detection logic based on cursor kinds, token sequences, and string patterns. It uses a registry class to manage these detectors, which are invoked to analyze code for language features. All logic relies on pattern matching and property inspection; there are no system calls, network operations, or data exfiltration code. The code appears to be a static analysis tool component with no malicious behavior. It follows standard design for code feature detection and does not execute any untrusted code or system commands.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a structured static analysis framework for detecting C++ language features and attributes. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It is safe and intended for feature detection in source code analysis. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}