{
  "purpose": "Define data structures and type annotations for a Python package, involving immutable mappings and a NamedTuple with specific fields.",
  "sources": "Import statements, particularly from 'typing', 'pyrsistent', and a local module '.flags'. Use of 'pmap()' and type annotations suggest data initialization or configuration setup.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks identified; the code does not perform I/O, network, or file operations. It merely defines types and a class.",
  "flows": "Not applicable; the code only defines types and a class without data flow or processing logic.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual obfuscation or encrypted code: Variable names are non-descriptive, possibly auto-generated or obfuscated. The import from '.flags' with a variable name that appears as random string suggests potential obfuscation or hiding purpose. The type 'NNSTVedNOFhanpSJHyFOQXouwslEERkm' is unconventional and not meaningful. However, these alone do not indicate malicious intent, possibly obfuscated or intentionally unclear naming.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard typing modules and 'pyrsistent' for immutable data structures. It defines a parameterized PMap type with an unusual key type 'NNSTVedNOFhanpSJHyFOQXouwslEERkm' and values that include a property, a mysterious variable from '.flags', and a Type. It initializes an empty immutable map 'NO_OVERRIDES'. It then defines a NamedTuple with two string fields and a third field typed with the complex 'NNSTVedNOFhanpSJHyFOQXouwslEERkm' involving a NamedTuple. The variable and type names are obfuscated or non-descriptive, which could be an attempt to hide purpose or simply generated code. There is no code that performs network access, data collection, or other malicious actions. The structure appears to be configuration or data definition, with no evident malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a data structure and type definition module with obfuscated naming. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided snippet. The obfuscation may be benign or may warrant further review if part of a larger, suspicious codebase, but no direct malicious or security-threatening actions are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}