{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions and data structures for handling progress indicators, sparse dictionaries, n-grams, sampling, logging, and other common operations within a larger software system.",
  "sources": "Imports external modules (logging, math, random, sys, types, functools, backports.functools_lru_cache, progressbar), and reads environment info (Python version). Uses input parameters for functions (e.g., sequence, n, data, generator).",
  "sinks": "Uses random number generation (random.randint), logging warnings, and printing to stderr (sys.stderr.write). No untrusted data sources or external network interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sequence, data, iterators) flow into functions such as ngrams, weighted_sample, _progress, etc. Random choices in weighted_sample influence selection, and progress functions output dots or progress bar markers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials. Use of random number generator is standard, not suspicious. No code injections or unsafe evals. The progress bar fallback class prints dots; no malicious intent evident. No obfuscated code, only standard Python features. Use of a backports module and logging warnings is standard. The code adheres to typical utility patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of utility functions and classes designed for non-security-critical operations such as progress display, sparse dictionary management, n-gram generation, and sampling. It uses standard libraries and patterns. No external network connections, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors are present. Random functions are used for sampling but are implemented securely for their purpose. The logging and environment info are for usability and diagnostics only. Overall, the code appears benign and standard.",
  "conclusion": "This code contains utility functions and classes with no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage. It performs typical operations for data handling, progress indication, and sampling without any suspicious behavior or malware indications. The code is safe for use within larger systems.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}