{
  "purpose": "The script provides a command-line interface to configure and start the Redshift Utils MCP Server, managing environment variables and configuration checks before running the server.",
  "sources": "User input via command-line options (--cluster-id, --database, --secret-arn, --region, --profile) and environment variables (REDSHIFT_CLUSTER_ID, REDSHIFT_DATABASE, REDSHIFT_SECRET_ARN, AWS_REGION, AWS_DEFAULT_REGION, AWS_PROFILE).",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the call to mcp.run(), which presumably starts the server. No direct data sinks like network connections or file writes are visible in this script, but the server startup may involve network operations.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from command-line arguments or environment variables into environment variables and the final configuration dictionary, then into the mcp.run() function.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs environment variable modifications based on user input without sanitization or validation beyond presence checks. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated or suspicious language features. The only notable aspect is the environment variable manipulations, which are typical for configuration but could be exploited if inputs are maliciously crafted.",
  "analysis": "The code collects configuration inputs via CLI options and environment variables, updating environment variables accordingly. It checks for missing critical configs and logs errors before exiting if any are absent. The main server startup is encapsulated in mcp.run(), with error handling for known and unknown exceptions. There are no signs of malicious code such as network exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The code operates within normal CLI and environment variable manipulation practices. No obfuscation or malware-like behavior detected. The only potential concern is the environment variable modifications, which are standard but could be exploited if inputs are malicious, although no immediate malicious intent is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard CLI wrapper for server configuration and startup, with no evident malicious behavior or malware. It performs environment variable management and error handling in a typical manner. The overall security risk is low; the code does not contain malicious intent or suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}