{
  "purpose": "A WebSocket server implementation that manages client connections, message framing, and handshake procedures.",
  "sources": "Reading incoming handshake request, reading WebSocket frames from client socket.",
  "sinks": "Sending handshake response, sending framed messages to clients, closing sockets.",
  "flows": "Request headers -> create_accept_key() -> handshake response -> message reception -> parse_websocket_frame() -> message processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes placeholder methods (_new_client, _client_left, _message_received) with no implementation, which could be intentional or incomplete. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No evident malicious code such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or data theft. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected. The only potential concern is that the callback functions can be set externally, which might allow injection of malicious behavior if misused, but this is a standard pattern.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard WebSocket server functionality with proper handshake processing, message framing, and threading. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity. The callback functions for client connection and message handling are externally configurable, which could be misused if the server is controlled by an attacker, but this pattern is typical for flexible server implementations. No hardcoded credentials or secret keys are present. The code appears to follow normal WebSocket server design principles without obfuscation or malicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward WebSocket server implementation without malicious intent or malicious behavior. It is configurable via callback functions, which is standard practice. No suspicious or malicious activity is detected, and the overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}