{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for formatting various Cassandra Query Language (CQL) data types into string representations with optional color coding for display purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables for timestamp formats, imports standard libraries for date/time manipulation and regular expressions, and processes data passed into formatting functions, including potentially untrusted input data for display.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is string formatting functions that output formatted data, which could be used maliciously if input data is untrusted and improperly sanitized, potentially leading to injection or display issues. However, no network, file, or external system interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input values (potentially untrusted) into formatting functions which process and output formatted strings, sometimes with color coding. No external system interactions or sensitive data exfiltration pathways are evident.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious code segments such as obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. The code uses standard libraries and patterns for data formatting. Environment variables are used for configuration, which is common and not suspicious. No dynamic execution or eval/exec calls are present. There are no signs of malicious code or sabotage.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a comprehensive set of formatting functions for Cassandra data types, including handling of date/time, numeric, collection, and user-defined types. It uses regular expressions, environment variables, and standard libraries appropriately. No code appears to be malicious or intentionally harmful. The presence of color coding functions and formatting logic is consistent with display and user interface purposes. No network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The code structure is typical for a formatter module, with no suspicious patterns or anomalies detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate data formatting module intended for displaying Cassandra data types with optional color coding. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It appears safe for use, with no signs of malware or security vulnerabilities. The overall security risk score is very low.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}