{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions and classes for formatting and displaying Cassandra Query Language (CQL) data types, including date/time formatting, collection formatting, and type parsing, primarily for use in a CLI or visualization context.",
  "sources": "Input data for formatting functions, such as 'val' parameters in format_value and related functions; environment variables for timestamp format; class initializations and method parameters for type and formatting info.",
  "sinks": "Formatted output strings that could potentially be used in displays or logs; no direct data leak or untrusted output sinks evident; no network or system modification observed.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into formatting functions -> processed through various formatter functions based on type -> output as colored or plain formatted strings.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code strictly deals with data formatting and type parsing, with no network access, file system modification, or external command execution. Regular expression usage is standard for control characters and string parsing. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution mechanisms are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles data formatting for Cassandra data types, including parsing types, formatting timestamps, collections, and primitive types with optional coloring for CLI display. It uses environment variables to configure timestamp formats, which is standard. No signs of malicious payloads, such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. The functions and classes are well-structured for data processing without executing external or unsafe operations. The regex patterns and type parsers are used for string handling and do not pose security risks. Overall, the code is focused on data formatting and display logic, with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate utility module for formatting Cassandra data types for display purposes. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is a standard implementation for data visualization and type handling, with no suspicious anomalies. The overall security risk score is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}