{
  "purpose": "The code appears to facilitate mapping and transforming query fields, especially for database schemas involving embedded documents and nested structures.",
  "sources": "Reads from function parameters such as 'entry', 'fields', 'query', and 'entry_query'. It also accesses attributes of objects like 'field', 'inner', 'embedded_document_cls', and 'schema.fields'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially transforms query dictionaries and nested structures, returning modified field names and data representations. No direct untrusted input handling or output functions are present.",
  "flows": "Input query or entries flow through mapping functions, where field names are replaced or transformed, potentially involving embedded document schemas, leading to reconstructed query data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard schema attribute access and straightforward data transformations. No obfuscated code, system commands, or network interactions are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs schema-aware mapping for database queries, replacing field names with their database equivalents based on provided schema definitions. It processes nested fields using splitting on dots, retrieves schema attributes, and converts documents to Mongo-compatible formats. The use of 'getattr', 'isinstance', and schema attributes appears standard. No dynamic code execution, network access, or data exfiltration methods are evident. The functions are purely data transformation utilities, aligned with typical ORM or ODM patterns. No suspicious or malicious behaviors are identified. The code is clean and adheres to typical schema handling practices, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a schema-aware query mapping utility that processes nested query structures for a database schema, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It appears safe and standard for handling embedded document schemas and query transformations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}