{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes to interact with RudderStack APIs for data synchronization, profile management, and ETL processes via HTTP requests within an Airflow environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data such as connection IDs, API endpoints, and request parameters; retrieves access tokens from connection objects; and reads response data from API calls.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows primarily through API responses which are processed and returned; no direct data leaks or sensitive data writes are present.",
  "flows": "Source data (API response data, connection parameters) flows into method calls, which then make HTTP requests to external endpoints; responses are parsed and returned; no evidence of data being sent to untrusted destinations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are observed; API tokens are retrieved securely from connection objects. No obfuscated or unusual code constructs detected. Request retries and error handling are standard. No suspicious URL manipulations or dynamic code execution present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of HTTP request handling with retries, status polling, and API interaction within an Airflow plugin context. It uses standard libraries and best practices for API communication, including error handling and logging. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are evident. The code relies on external configuration and secure token storage. The use of sleep for polling is typical. The logic is straightforward and appears intended for legitimate data synchronization and monitoring tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate, well-structured API interaction code for data synchronization workflows. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It handles sensitive tokens properly via connection objects, uses retries, and performs standard status polling. Overall, the code is safe and aligns with intended functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}