{
  "purpose": "The class provides simple character replacement-based encryption and decryption for strings, likely for obfuscation or basic encoding purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data is taken via method parameters 'string' for encrypt() and 'encrypted_token' for decrypt(), which are provided externally when the methods are called.",
  "sinks": "The methods perform string replacements; no untrusted data flows into external systems or files within this code. There are no network operations, file I/O, or environment variable accesses.",
  "flows": "Input strings are transformed character-by-character into symbols in 'encrypt' and reversed in 'decrypt', based solely on replace operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code is extensive with many replace calls, which may suggest an attempt to obfuscate or complicate the code. The pattern of replacing characters with symbols and vice versa is straightforward and symmetrical. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. No network or file operations are present. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as system modification, data theft, or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a simple substitution cipher through chained string replacements. It lacks dynamic or runtime evaluations, external dependencies, or network communications. Its complexity appears to be for obfuscation or custom encoding rather than malicious intent. No anomalies like hardcoded secrets or malicious behavior are evident. The approach is purely for transforming strings via character replacements, which is not inherently dangerous or malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign implementation of a character replacement cipher, likely intended for obfuscation or encoding purposes. There are no signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or security risks. Its complexity is solely due to the extensive replacement mappings, but it does not perform any harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}