{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and applies instrumentation wrappers for OpenAI SDK functions to enable metrics and tracing for monitoring purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration options (kwargs), module imports, and function calls within wrapper functions such as 'Completions.create', 'Embeddings.create', 'Images.generate', and various 'wrap_function_wrapper' calls.",
  "sinks": "Function wrappers that intercept calls to OpenAI SDK methods; these could potentially handle untrusted data if user input is passed directly into these functions. No explicit sinks for data exfiltration or malicious payload execution are present.",
  "flows": "Sources (e.g., method calls like 'Completions.create') are wrapped to monitor and collect metrics/traces; data flows through these wrappers. No explicit untrusted data flows are detected outside the SDK's standard operation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code appears to perform standard instrumentation setup for monitoring. Exception handling for optional APIs is minimal and only covers missing modules or attributes.",
  "analysis": "The code imports various OpenTelemetry and OpenAI SDK modules to set up tracing and metrics. It conditionally creates metrics histograms and counters if metrics are enabled. It wraps SDK functions such as 'Completions.create', 'Embeddings.create', and image generation functions with monitoring wrappers. Optional beta API wrappers are included within a try-except block, gracefully handling missing modules. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or unintended data leaks. The code does not handle or store sensitive data explicitly, nor does it perform network communications or system modifications beyond standard monitoring hooks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate instrumentation setup for monitoring OpenAI SDK calls. It does not contain malicious behavior or suspicious anomalies. The focus is on metrics and tracing, with no evident attempts to exfiltrate data, manipulate system files, or perform malicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}