{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client interface for interacting with Salesforce's Tooling API, enabling operations such as executing anonymous Apex code, querying data, and managing SObjects.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from method parameters such as 'body', 'query', 'json', and file contents read in 'execute_apex_from_file'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests via '_get', '_post', '_patch', and '_delete' methods, which send data to external Salesforce endpoints. The 'execute_apex' method sends Apex code for execution.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-supplied parameters (e.g., 'body', 'query', 'json') to network requests, especially in 'execute_apex', 'query', 'create', 'get', 'update', and 'delete'. The 'execute_apex_from_file' reads file content and passes it to 'execute_apex', which then transmits it over the network.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code or suspicious variable names. The code follows typical API client patterns without unusual dynamic code execution or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward API client implementation for Salesforce Tooling API. It securely handles input parameters and makes network requests without evident insecure coding practices. The 'execute_apex' method takes Apex code as input and executes it remotely; while this is a powerful feature, it relies on external, trusted input and does not appear to execute code locally. No suspicious file handling or code injection mechanisms are present. The methods are designed for legitimate API interactions. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden network activity are evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard API client for Salesforce Tooling API functions. It does not contain malicious code or malware. Its primary risk lies in executing arbitrary Apex code through 'execute_apex', which could be misused if given malicious input, but this is a legitimate feature of the API client. Overall, the code is secure and behaves as intended for interacting with Salesforce.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}