{
  "purpose": "Defines a Django CMS plugin for displaying images with various options such as styles, captions, links, and image processing settings.",
  "sources": "User inputs via model fields, environment settings (settings.CMSPLUGIN_FILER_IMAGE_STYLE_CHOICES, settings.CMSPLUGIN_FILER_IMAGE_DEFAULT_STYLE), and related model relations (e.g., foreign keys, page fields, file fields).",
  "sinks": "URLField for alternative image URL, potential for redirecting to external sites, and image-related data that may be rendered or used in templates.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input and model fields into rendering methods (__str__, properties), particularly in image URL selection and caption/alt text composition.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of obfuscated or non-meaningful variable names; the code appears intentionally complex and uses many dynamic or optional attribute references which may obscure malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious external connections are evident. No obfuscated code, code injection, or malware-like behavior is apparent. Use of external choices and settings does not itself indicate malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Django CMS plugin with multiple configurable fields related to image display, including image selection, styles, links, and attributes. It contains methods for validation and string representation, using dynamic properties for image URLs and alt text. The structure is consistent with a plugin designed for flexible image rendering. No indications of malicious activity such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. Variable names are obscure but this may be due to code obfuscation or auto-generation. No suspicious external domain connections or code injections are detected. The use of environment settings is standard for configurable choices. Overall, the code appears to serve a legitimate purpose without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a Django CMS plugin for managing and displaying images with various options. It does not exhibit signs of malware or malicious behavior. The obfuscated variable names suggest possible code generation or obfuscation, but do not imply malicious intent. The security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}