{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to split FASTA files into multiple smaller files based on user-specified parameters such as number of splits, overlap, kmers, and header templates. It processes sequence data for bioinformatics analysis.",
  "sources": "Input is read from a FASTA file via the pyfasta library, command-line arguments, and internal data structures holding sequence information.",
  "sinks": "Output files are written for each sequence or sequence fragment, with filenames generated dynamically based on templates or sequence headers.",
  "flows": "Sequence data is read from the FASTA object, processed through filename generation and sequence splitting functions, then written to output files. Filename templates and sequence headers serve as intermediate variables guiding data flow.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs obfuscated function and variable names, complex string manipulations, dynamic filename templates, and verbose logging. No network activity, hardcoded secrets, or system commands are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script performs legitimate sequence splitting tasks typical in bioinformatics workflows. Obfuscation and complex control flow are present but do not demonstrate malicious behavior. No external network calls, data exfiltration, or system compromise indicators are detected. The obfuscation may serve to conceal proprietary algorithms or simply be a result of complex naming conventions common in scientific code. The low malware scores across reports align with the absence of malicious activity. The high obfuscation score reflects the code's complexity and naming obscurity, but this alone does not imply malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate bioinformatics utility for FASTA file splitting. Despite obfuscation, there is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain compromise. The low malware score is justified, and the overall security risk remains minimal. Caution is advised if deploying in untrusted environments due to obfuscation, but the current analysis indicates benign functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}