{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for plotting time series data, diagnostics, and visualizations, primarily for analysis of statistical models and residuals.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'data' dictionary in the 'plot_diagnostics' function, specifically from 'ds' and 'resid'. External libraries such as matplotlib, statsmodels, and a local utility module are imported for plotting.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sinks such as network connections, file writes, or system commands are present. The plotting functions generate visual outputs locally.",
  "flows": "Data from the 'data' dictionary flows into plotting functions, which produce visualizations on the local system without external data transmission or modification.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, malicious code, obfuscation, or unusual behavior are detected. The code appears straightforward and intended for visualization.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple plotting functions: 'plot_series' and 'plot_series_stacked' for visualizing time series data, with customization options for titles, labels, and legends. The functions utilize an imported '_plot_series' utility. The 'plot_diagnostics' function generates residual diagnostics, including residual plots, autocorrelation, and histograms, using matplotlib and statsmodels. All operations are standard visualization procedures without any suspicious or malicious behavior. There are no indications of data leakage, backdoors, or malicious payloads. The code does not perform any file operations, network communication, or system commands that could indicate malicious activity. It relies on trusted libraries and local data inputs for plotting.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign visualization utility intended for statistical analysis of time series residuals. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The code is well-structured for its purpose and does not perform any suspicious actions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}