{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes for automating browser interactions using Selenium WebDriver, including login, cookie management, and browser control, primarily for web automation and testing.",
  "sources": "Input data from user-supplied parameters (account, password), file reads for cookies and logs, and screenshots from webpage elements.",
  "sinks": "File writing for cookies and logs, subprocess calls to launch browser processes, and potential execution of dynamically generated scripts.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input and files into browser actions (loading cookies, logging), and webpage screenshots or data are used in OCR or stored in logs. Cookies are read and written to files; logs are read and appended; subprocess commands launch browsers.",
  "anomalies": "The subprocess commands to start Chrome with remote debugging port could be exploited if manipulated, but appear standard. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors. The code to modify cookie expiry times via regex might be misused to manipulate cookies, but is not inherently malicious. No obfuscated code detected; code structure is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The script automates web browsers for tasks such as login and cookie management, using Selenium WebDriver with options to avoid detection. It imports standard libraries and third-party packages for OCR and web automation. The subprocess commands launch Chrome or Chromium with remote debugging, which could be exploited if external control is possible, but currently are standard commands. No hardcoded secrets beyond the default account/password are present. There are no suspicious network calls or data exfiltration code. The code appears intended for automation or testing purposes. No signs of malware such as system disruption, data theft, or backdoors. Potential minor concern with subprocess commands for remote debugging, but they are standard for automation testing. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious behavior, but the use of subprocess to launch browsers with debugging ports should be monitored in untrusted environments.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical automation script for web interactions with no evident malicious intent. It manages cookies, performs login, and uses OCR for verification, which are common in automation workflows. No malware or malicious behaviors are detected. The only minor security consideration is the subprocess commands to launch browsers with remote debugging, which could be exploited if misused, but currently are standard. Overall, the package appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}