{
  "purpose": "Instrumentation for Tortoise-ORM to report SQL queries and connection attributes via OpenTelemetry spans, enabling observability and tracing of database operations.",
  "sources": "Database connection objects (connection, capabilities, filename, database, user, host, port), query strings, query parameters, and ORM methods such as 'from_queryset' and 'from_queryset_single'.",
  "sinks": "Span attributes set with database system info, database name, user, host, port, query statements, and optionally query parameters, which could be logged or transmitted in telemetry data.",
  "flows": "Input data from connection objects and query parameters flow into span attributes during span creation in '_hydrate_span_from_args' and during method wrapping in '_do_execute' and '_from_queryset'.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or malicious logic detected. The code captures potentially sensitive data (queries, parameters, connection info) for telemetry, which is standard but could raise privacy concerns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical OpenTelemetry instrumentation module for Tortoise-ORM, wrapping database client methods to create tracing spans with relevant connection and query info. It uses 'wrapt' for function wrapping, with support for multiple database backends. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The data captured is used solely for monitoring, not exfiltration. The scores assigned (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: 0.2) are consistent with the code's purpose and potential privacy implications. No anomalies or suspicious behaviors are identified. The code is well-structured, standard, and safe for supply chain use, with the only concern being privacy due to query parameter capture, which is a known trade-off in telemetry tools.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard instrumentation module for Tortoise-ORM, designed for observability. It does not contain malicious or obfuscated code. The low security risk score appropriately reflects the handling of sensitive data for monitoring purposes. No evidence of sabotage or malicious intent is present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}