{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility for fetching, decoding, and converting currency exchange rates from an external API, and managing currency code and symbol mappings from a local JSON file.",
  "sources": "Data sources include HTTP GET requests to 'https://theforexapi.com/api/' with query parameters, and reading a local JSON file 'currencies.json' for currency data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the response text and JSON data being decoded, and the reading of local JSON files. The code also involves data returned from the API being used directly in calculations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external API responses and local JSON file reads into decoding functions and then into currency conversion calculations; user input (amounts, currency codes) influences these flows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Use of 'simplejson' instead of standard 'json' may indicate preference but not malicious intent. The commented-out line in '_decode_rates' is benign. No obfuscated code, no unusual dynamic execution, no hidden backdoors. The code relies on external API and local data; no apparent malicious manipulations.",
  "analysis": "The code fetches exchange rate data via HTTP requests using 'requests' library, processes JSON responses, and performs currency conversions. The local JSON data for currency info is loaded once from a file. No user inputs are directly processed in a way that could lead to code injection. Data flows are straightforward. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The only external interaction is with a publicly accessible API and a local JSON file. The code does not perform any suspicious network activity beyond API requests. No obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious logic detected. The code appears to implement legitimate currency conversion functionality with standard security practices.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard implementation of currency rate fetching and conversion with no malicious or sabotage behavior. It relies on public APIs and local data files, with no indication of malicious intent. No security risks are evident beyond general reliance on external API availability.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}