{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to fetch, convert, and handle currency exchange rates from an external API, and to manage currency metadata such as symbols and names.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from an external API endpoint 'https://theforexapi.com/api/' and from a local JSON file 'raw_data/currencies.json'. It also uses user-provided parameters like 'base_cur', 'dest_cur', 'amount', and 'date_obj'.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data from the API response is decoded and used in currency conversions. The 'amount' parameter provided by users is used in calculations. No data is explicitly sent or written to external sources or files other than reading from a local JSON and calling an API.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('base_cur', 'dest_cur', 'amount', 'date_obj') influence API requests and calculations. The API response data flows into rate calculations and conversions. Local JSON data is used to retrieve currency metadata.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors, backdoors, or hardcoded secrets are present. The API endpoint and file reading are standard operations. Usage of external API without input validation or rate limiting could pose operational risks but not malicious ones. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs currency data retrieval and conversion via standard HTTP GET requests to an external API and local JSON file reads for currency info. It uses exception handling for error states related to API unavailability and data mismatches. No signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The use of external requests is typical, and no dynamic code execution or obfuscated logic exists. The only potential concern is the use of external API data without validation or rate limiting, which is operational, not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical implementation for currency conversion and data management, with no malicious behavior detected. It securely reads local data and external API responses, with proper exception handling. There are no signs of malware or malicious code activities. Overall, the code appears safe based on the provided snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}