{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and resources for managing an Azure HPC Cache using Pulumi, including argument classes, resource classes, and state management. Its main purpose is infrastructure as code deployment.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters from class constructors, properties, and method arguments such as cache size, resource group name, SKU, subnet ID, tags, and optional configuration blocks for access policies, directories, DNS, identity, and encryption keys.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can potentially be injected through input properties, such as tags, resource identifiers (like key vault ID, subnet ID), or configuration blocks that could contain malicious data if supplied from untrusted sources. No explicit sinks like network calls or data exfiltration points are present in this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (sources) into resource properties during resource instantiation and property setting. The properties are stored internally and later used by Pulumi's deployment engine, but no direct malicious flow (such as network exfiltration or code execution) is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be auto-generated, with extensive boilerplate, and does not include any obfuscated code or suspicious constructs. There are no hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. The comments warn about generation origin and registration of resource providers. The code does not perform any malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step, the code defines data classes for input arguments and resource state, with many properties and options to configure an Azure HPC Cache. It uses Pulumi's resource model, with input and output properties, and handles resource registration, importing, and property management. No code injection, network activity, or security-sensitive data handling (such as logging secrets) is present. The input parameters are typical for resource provisioning. The structure is standard for Pulumi resource definitions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as code execution, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code is consistent with infrastructure-as-code patterns and appears safe.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is an auto-generated Pulumi resource class for managing Azure HPC Cache resources. It contains standard resource definition patterns with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It does not include any suspicious code, obfuscation, or secret handling beyond typical resource property assignment. The code appears safe, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}