{
  "purpose": "This code defines Pulumi resource types for managing Azure HPC Cache resources, including input types, resource class, and state handling, for infrastructure as code automation.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to constructors, property getters, and internal utility functions for setting resource attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data such as resource IDs (e.g., key_vault_key_id), configuration parameters (e.g., location, subnet_id), and tags could be exposed if misused, but there are no evident data leaks or untrusted data flows.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are assigned to resource properties; getter methods retrieve stored configuration data. No data flows from untrusted sources to sinks; the code handles resource attribute management securely.",
  "anomalies": "The code is largely auto-generated boilerplate for resource management with no signs of obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or malicious behaviors. There are no hard-coded credentials, network connections, or suspicious code snippets. Comments indicate that the file was generated by a Pulumi tool, with no malicious intent implied.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured as a typical Pulumi resource module, defining input types, resource classes, and state management. No external data sources or dynamic code execution are present. The resource attributes pertain to infrastructure configuration and are handled through standard Pulumi mechanisms. There are no unusual patterns, obfuscated code, or signals of malicious behavior. The code includes references to sensitive identifiers like key_vault_key_id but does not misuse them. Overall, this appears to be standard, auto-generated infrastructure code without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical Pulumi resource definition module for managing Azure HPC Cache resources. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is safe and intended for infrastructure automation. The presence of generated comments and standard resource handling indicates no security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}