{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes and functions for managing long-running Azure operations, including polling status, deserializing responses, and handling asynchronous workflows.",
  "sources": "Response headers (via _get_header_url), response content (via response.json()), response status codes and content, request URLs (via response.request.url), and optional environment or input parameters.",
  "sinks": "Deserialization of response JSON data, raising custom exceptions, making network requests via update_cmd, and invoking callbacks.",
  "flows": "Response headers are validated and used to obtain URLs; responses are deserialized to determine status; polling functions repeatedly call update_cmd with URLs from headers or initial request; callbacks are executed upon completion.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code observed. URL validation is standard. No obfuscated code present. Use of threading for polling is typical. No suspicious data leaks or privacy violations detected. Exception handling is comprehensive.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical long-running operation management for Azure resources, including response validation, status polling, deserialization, and callback execution. URL validation occurs through _validate, which checks URL schemes and netlocs, with no dangerous pattern. Response handling and error raising follow expected patterns, and network requests are made via provided callable functions. No indicators of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command injection, or backdoors are present. The use of threading for asynchronous polling is standard practice, and no obfuscated or suspicious code constructs are detected. The overall design and implementation appear safe and aligned with standard SDK practices.",
  "conclusion": "This code implements legitimate mechanisms for handling Azure long-running operations. No malicious or sabotage behavior detected. It manages asynchronous workflows, response validation, and status polling securely and transparently.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}