{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for managing and polling long-running operations, particularly in the context of Azure resource management, including response validation, status checking, and asynchronous operation handling.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include HTTP response headers, response content, and request URLs. Data is read from response objects, headers, and response bodies.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include URL validation, response body deserialization, status updates, and callback execution. No direct data leakage or unsafe data handling observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from response headers and response bodies into status checks, deserialization, and URL validation. These are then used in polling and callback mechanisms to manage asynchronous operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors identified. The code appears standard for managing long-running HTTP operations, with proper validation and exception handling. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation for managing asynchronous Azure operations, including status validation, response deserialization, and threading for polling. URL validation and response handling follow best practices, with exceptions raised for invalid statuses or responses. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system compromise, or covert operations. The code's structure and logic are consistent with legitimate SDK or client library functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate and security-conscious, designed for robust long-running operation handling in Azure SDK contexts. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. It is well-structured, with appropriate validation and exception management, indicating a low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}