{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for applying formatters to sequences, dictionaries, and other data structures, primarily for data transformation or validation purposes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters: sequences, dictionaries, input values, and conditions. Specific points include 'value' parameters, 'formatters', and 'key_mappings'.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks involve untrusted data leading to security effects. Formatting functions yield transformed data but do not execute external commands or write data externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs through formatter functions and condition checks, then yields transformed data or raises exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. Use of warnings.warn is standard for deprecation notices. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, no hidden behaviors detected. The code uses standard Python features and external dependencies that are not suspicious by themselves.",
  "analysis": "The code is composed of data transformation utilities using standard Python constructs. It employs type hints, decorators, and generator functions to process sequences and dictionaries. The deprecation warning indicates maintenance and backward compatibility, not malicious intent. No code injection, data exfiltration, or external network activity is present. Exception handling is used to manage errors during data formatting. External dependencies are standard utility modules, not suspicious. The overall structure suggests a focus on safe data handling, with no signs of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign set of utility functions for data formatting and transformation. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It follows standard coding practices with no suspicious or harmful code detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}