{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for applying various formatters and transformations to data structures like lists and dictionaries.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function parameters: lists, dictionaries, and callable conditions within the functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink points include the application of user-provided formatters and conditions, which could execute arbitrary code if the formatters or conditions are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through formatting and transformation functions, potentially executing malicious formatters or conditions if they are maliciously supplied.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity detected. Usage of deprecated warnings and dynamic composition is standard for functional utilities. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features are present. The functions depend on user-supplied formatters and conditions, which, if malicious, could execute arbitrary code.",
  "analysis": "The code implements data transformation utilities, applying formatters to list elements, dict items, and sequences. It includes functions for applying conditional formatters, key remapping, and combining formatters. There is reliance on user-supplied functions, which could potentially execute malicious code if those functions are maliciously provided. No network operations, file system access, or data exfiltration code are present. The use of warnings and the structure of the code appears standard for utility libraries. The code does not perform any suspicious operations or contain hidden backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a set of safe-looking data transformation utilities. The primary security concern involves the use of external or user-supplied formatter functions, which could be malicious if crafted with harmful logic. No direct malware or malicious behaviors are identified in the static code. Overall, the code itself appears benign, but caution should be exercised if untrusted formatters are used.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}