{
  "purpose": "This code implements a client for interacting with the Polygon API, providing functions to generate signatures, send requests, and manage problem and contest sessions.",
  "sources": "Input data includes user-provided API key and secret, function arguments (e.g., problem_id, name, owner), and internal generated data such as timestamps and random numbers.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data such as API keys and secrets are used internally but not transmitted externally in an insecure manner. External requests are made via requests.get, but no untrusted data from user input is sent over the network. No data leaks or privacy violations are evident.",
  "flows": "API key and secret flow into signature generation, which then influences request headers. Request parameters are assembled from function arguments and internal data, then sent via HTTP GET. No untrusted input flows into dangerous sinks like file system or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "The use of random.randint for signature salt generation is standard; no unusual code is observed. The code includes detailed comments, uses standard libraries, and proper exception handling. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code generates API signatures using secure hashing (sha512) with a random salt, constructs requests with appropriate parameters, and handles responses with error checking. No suspicious or malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or obfuscated code, is present. The structure is standard for an API client. Use of random for cryptographic purposes is acceptable for non-cryptographic signatures, and no insecure practices are visible.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard, well-structured API client for Polygon with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It handles API signature generation and request management appropriately without suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}