{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to load, manage, and merge configuration settings from YAML files, environment variables, and profiles, providing a structured and immutable view of the configuration data.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (os.getenv), YAML configuration files loaded from disk (YAML.load), and initial configuration data provided as a dictionary.",
  "sinks": "None of the code explicitly writes or executes untrusted data directly. It reads environment variables and files, and processes data structures.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and file contents are loaded into data structures, merged with existing configuration, and then encapsulated within an immutable mapping object.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are apparent. The code uses standard libraries, and the data flow appears to be configuration management. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution present. The only notable point is the recursive variable replacement in configurations, which could potentially be misused if environment variables are maliciously set, but this is a standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code performs configuration management through loading YAML files, environment variables, and profiles. It uses deep copying and recursive variable replacement for flexible configuration handling. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection. The functions are straightforward, focusing on safe data handling. The class provides an immutable view of configuration data, preventing accidental modification. No suspicious or malicious logic is detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard configuration loader and manager with no evident malicious intent. It securely loads and merges settings from various sources, encapsulating them safely. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}