{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom session middleware for a web application using the Starlette framework, managing session cookies with signing and optional security features.",
  "sources": "Reads cookies from the incoming HTTP request; accesses environment variables for secret key; reads request and response messages.",
  "sinks": "Sets 'Set-Cookie' headers in HTTP response to store session data; potentially writes session data to the cookie payload.",
  "flows": "Reads session cookie from incoming request → verifies and decodes cookie → loads session data → on response, if session modified, signs and encodes session data and sets it in cookie header.",
  "anomalies": "Use of a custom dictionary subclass (YeUpiyauKzrAwaLhGYnEwvGHClFiUWoa) with a 'modified' flag, but no evidence of malicious code behavior. The session data is base64-encoded and signed with itsdangerous, which is standard. Cookie handling includes optional secure flag. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious URL/domains detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom session middleware class that manages session cookies with signing to prevent tampering, using itsdangerous for timestamped signatures. It loads session data from a cookie, decodes and verifies it, and attaches it to the scope. When responding, if the session was modified, it re-signs and updates the cookie. The code appears to implement standard session management without suspicious or malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The encoding, signing, and cookie handling follow typical secure practices. There are no signs of data exfiltration, remote connections, or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a secure session middleware that manages session data via signed cookies. It does not contain any malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. The overall design appears secure and standard for session handling, with no suspicious or malicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}