{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes, enums, constants, and functions for managing OCI and Docker image references, manifests, and related metadata. It facilitates parsing, normalisation, serialization, and classification of image references and manifests.",
  "sources": "The code reads static class attributes, constants, and method parameters. It parses image reference strings and manifest data provided as strings, bytes, or dictionaries.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain apparent sinks that process untrusted data into sensitive system actions or external communications. No direct data leaks or system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Input strings (image references, manifests) are parsed and potentially normalised; these processed values are used in object instantiation and method calls. No data is transferred externally or used in a manner suggesting malicious intent.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes normalisation functions and flexible parsing of image references, which could potentially be manipulated if external inputs are maliciously crafted. However, these are standard procedures. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. No obfuscation, code injection, or suspicious dynamic execution is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides data structures, parsing, and classification functions for OCI and Docker image metadata. It uses standard Python libraries and patterns, with careful handling of different reference formats and schema versions. There are no indications of malicious behaviors such as network communications, credential theft, or code injection. The functions are straightforward, focusing on data serialization, parsing, and class-based encapsulation. The only potential concern is if input data (image references or manifests) are maliciously crafted; however, normalisation and parsing are handled safely and are typical for such tools.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured utility module for handling OCI and Docker image references and manifests. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are evident. The code performs standard parsing, normalisation, and data management tasks without malicious intent or security risks. Its design appears benign and suitable for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}