{
  "purpose": "The code defines an abstract base class for streaming responses within a web service framework, including a nested response class that handles ASGI response streaming using token-based data generation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input primarily from the method parameters, such as token_streamer, response objects, and ASGI scope, receive, and send functions. It does not read external data sources directly.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the token_streamer callable, which is invoked to generate streaming content, and the send function used for ASGI responses.",
  "flows": "The token_streamer is called within stream_response, which sends headers and streaming data through the send callable. Data flows from the token_streamer to the network via send.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The token_streamer is an externally supplied callable, allowing flexible, possibly untrusted code execution, but this is expected in streaming implementations. No obfuscated code or malicious network activity evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of an abstract streaming response class in a web framework, designed for subclassing and extension. It employs typical ASGI patterns with no signs of malicious behavior. The token_streamer function is user-supplied, which could be misused if provided by an untrusted source, but this is a common pattern in streaming APIs. The class structure and methods follow standard practices without suspicious logic. No external data sources, network connections, or system modifications are present that indicate malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured framework component for streaming responses in a web application. It does not contain malware, malicious backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. Its primary risk depends on the trustworthiness of the token_streamer provided at runtime, but this is inherent to streaming implementations. Overall, the code is safe and not malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}