{
  "purpose": "Generate a Shared Access Signature (SAS) token for Azure IoT Hub authentication, providing secure access with expiry.",
  "sources": "URI input, shared access policy name, shared access key, expiry time.",
  "sinks": "Authorization header in HTTP requests with the generated SAS token.",
  "flows": "URI is encoded, expiry time is set, string is signed with HMAC SHA-256 using the shared key, signature is base64-encoded, and token is constructed with URL-encoded parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity. Minor potential issue: the signature produced by b64encode() is bytes and should be decoded to string before URL encoding, but this does not impact maliciousness.",
  "analysis": "The code correctly implements SAS token generation following Azure's standards. It encodes the URI, computes an HMAC SHA-256 signature over the string '{encoded_uri}\\n{ttl}', base64 encodes the signature, and constructs the token with URL-encoded parameters. The shared access key is expected to be provided externally and is not hardcoded. No malicious patterns, obfuscation, or suspicious behaviors are present. Minor technical note: the base64-encoded signature should be decoded to a string before inclusion in the URL parameters to prevent potential formatting issues, but this does not indicate malicious intent. The code uses standard libraries and practices, with no signs of sabotage or malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard implementation of Azure IoT Hub SAS token creation. It does not contain malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security flaws. The low malware score (0), zero obfuscation (0), and low security risk (~0.1) are appropriate. The minor technical note regarding signature decoding is not a security concern but should be addressed for correctness. Overall, the code is safe, transparent, and aligns with best practices.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}