{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to extend and customize Django ORM models and querysets for managing PostgreSQL locks and activity related to database processes, primarily for monitoring or administrative purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from Django models, database query parameters, and possibly user-provided filter strings.",
  "sinks": "Database query execution (via cursor and ORM queries), string formatting for SQL clauses, dynamic model retrieval, and data filtering.",
  "flows": "Input from filter parameters and model relations flows into SQL query string construction, which then interacts with PostgreSQL to retrieve lock and activity data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures observed. The code uses dynamic SQL construction but in a controlled manner. No obfuscated code or suspicious function calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The code extends PostgreSQL lock management via Django models and custom querysets. It constructs SQL CTEs dynamically based on database version and input parameters, but only uses standard SQL functions and Django ORM features. The use of string interpolation in SQL is confined to model and relation names, with no evident injection vectors because the model names are retrieved internally or validated through Django's ORM. The filter parsing in 'config' applies string splitting but is limited to key-value pairs, with no evidence of unsanitized input affecting SQL execution. The code interacts with PostgreSQL's lock views and functions in a read-only manner, with no data modification or external network activity observed. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are detected in this review.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard extension of Django models and querysets for monitoring PostgreSQL locks and activity. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It employs controlled dynamic SQL construction and uses safe ORM practices. Therefore, it poses no significant security risk based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}