{
  "purpose": "This code defines models, querysets, and query compilers for managing and analyzing PostgreSQL locks within a Django application, specifically targeting lock information and activity management.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from Django settings, database query results via cursor, and model relation data through Django ORM methods.",
  "sinks": "Database query executions via cursor, ORM filters, and model data updates; especially in get_ctes methods and filter methods.",
  "flows": "Input data from settings and method parameters flow into query construction and filtering, which then generate SQL code executed through database cursors or ORM methods.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are observed. The code performs standard database querying and ORM filtering. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution is present. The code uses standard functions and libraries for querying and model management.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily focused on querying PostgreSQL lock states and related activities within a Django ORM context. It includes custom query compilers, query classes, and models to interface with PostgreSQL's lock views and functions like pg_locks and pg_blocking_pids. The methods construct SQL queries to retrieve lock info, handle version-specific logic, and provide filtering and activity control functions. The code uses safe ORM patterns, standard Django practices, and does not perform any network or system modifications beyond database querying. No hard-coded secrets, malicious logic, or obfuscated code is detected. The only potential security concern might be the dynamic SQL string construction in get_ctes, but it appears to be used solely for internal query building, with no indication of injection points outside the standard ORM usage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate implementation for PostgreSQL lock analysis within a Django project. It does not contain malware, malicious backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. It primarily interacts with database system views and functions in a safe manner. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}