{
  "purpose": "The code defines models and querysets for managing PostgreSQL lock information within a Django application, including custom query compilation for lock monitoring and management of lock-related activities.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from database models (e.g., related to pg_locks, pg_activity) and system configuration (settings), and executes raw SQL queries using Django's database cursor.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe SQL query parts generated dynamically, especially in methods like get_ctes() where raw SQL strings are constructed with interpolated values such as settings.DATABASES and query parameters.",
  "flows": "Data flows from database models and system settings into dynamically generated SQL queries; these queries are executed through database cursors, and their results are used to manage lock activities. User-provided parameters (e.g., in config or filter methods) influence query filters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual obfuscation detected. The code constructs raw SQL with interpolated values but does not appear to execute untrusted user input directly. Use of dynamic SQL is limited to internal query generation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines Django models, querysets, and custom query compiler classes for managing PostgreSQL lock data. It uses system settings and model relations to generate raw SQL queries that access PostgreSQL's lock-related system catalogs. The get_ctes() method constructs complex CTEs for lock information, including wait start times and blocked activity. The query building relies on safe interpolations from internal configuration, with no user input incorporated into SQL strings without validation. No evidence of malicious code or backdoors, and no suspicious data exfiltration, code injection, or system disruption mechanisms are present. The overall pattern indicates monitoring and management functions for database locks rather than malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured implementation for PostgreSQL lock monitoring within a Django project. It dynamically generates complex SQL for internal use but does not show signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. No high-security risks or malware are evident, and the code is consistent with intended database administration functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}