{
  "purpose": "The code defines Django models and querysets for managing and querying PostgreSQL lock information, including custom query compilation and management functions for lock activities.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the database via cursor execution (in get_ctes method), model query filters, and model relations (such as models.Model and models.ForeignKey).",
  "sinks": "SQL query construction with f-strings in get_ctes, particularly in forming SQL CTEs (common table expressions). No direct untrusted input handling detected beyond standard Django ORM filters.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-supplied filters into the ORM query filters, then into SQL queries generated by get_ctes and other ORM methods. These are then executed via database cursors.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are detected. The code appears to follow standard patterns for database querying and model management. No obfuscation or misleading variable usage is observed. The use of dynamic SQL in get_ctes is consistent with typical Django custom query patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several Django models and custom querysets for managing PostgreSQL lock information, including methods that generate complex SQL CTEs with string interpolation. The get_ctes method constructs SQL with database and relation filters, incorporating PostgreSQL version checks. The overall code uses standard Django ORM and external libraries (pgactivity, pglock). No external inputs are directly processed in an unsafe manner. The dynamic SQL uses formatted strings with safe variables like database name and relation names, which are expected to be sanitized or trusted within the application context. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity appears to be present. The code's structure and logic do not exhibit signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for PostgreSQL lock management within a Django project, utilizing ORM and custom SQL for database activity monitoring. No malicious behavior or security risks are detected. The overall security posture appears sound based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}