{
  "purpose": "Define a complex neural network module class with various configurable parameters for constructing a residual network architecture.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from the __main__ section: torch.rand generated input; also imports several modules and functions; reads parameters during class initialization.",
  "sinks": "Uses input data for model processing; potentially the build_graph function from 'hiddenlayer' which visualizes the model architecture.",
  "flows": "Input tensor flows into the model's __main__ part, through the network construction, and into the visualization function; within class methods, data flows through sequential layers and functions, with some data transformations.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains many dynamically generated parameters, extensive use of import aliasing, and complex initialization logic that may obscure behavior. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are evident. Use of a visualization library 'hiddenlayer' for model graph generation, which is benign. No evident code injection, reverse shell, data exfiltration, or network activity observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a neural network class with multiple configurable parameters, including dynamic handling of list/tuple inputs, validation of parameter lengths, and creation of sequential modules. It imports various custom building blocks, likely for complex network architectures. The __main__ section creates an input tensor, initializes the network with specific parameters, and visualizes the architecture. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or malicious behavior are apparent. The code is highly complex but structurally legitimate for a neural network definition and visualization. No obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, albeit complex, implementation of a neural network architecture with visualization. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. It seems purpose-built for defining and visualizing a network model, with no hidden or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}