{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python client for interacting with an AI Tutor API, including functions to initialize, send prompts, retrieve responses, and manage conversation history.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from API endpoints (/ and /tutor_info) via HTTP GET requests and sends data through POST requests to /query. It also reads environment information via get_ipython() and inputs from method parameters such as access_code and prompt.",
  "sinks": "The code sends the access_code, prompts, and message history to the API. It displays outputs using print and printmd functions. No direct data leak or code execution occurs within this code; it relies on API responses.",
  "flows": "Source: Initialization and load_tutor_info() fetch API data; get_response() sends prompts and message history. Sinks: API endpoints (/ and /query) and display functions. Flow: input parameters -> API requests -> API responses -> display outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets like passwords or API keys aside from 'access_code' provided externally. The code includes environment detection for Jupyter notebooks, which is normal. The URL adjustment logic is straightforward. No obfuscated code, no suspicious data handling, or unusual control flows. The exception handling appears standard, with no hidden or malicious code paths.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical API client operations: fetching tutor info, sending prompts, and displaying responses. It uses standard Python libraries requests, typing, and IPython, with no indications of malicious behavior. The only external data it processes is via API requests, and the data handling seems appropriate. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The environment detection for notebooks is standard. Error handling is basic, and there are no signs of code injection or malicious data leaks. The code's purpose appears legitimate and intended solely for API interaction and display.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a legitimate API client for an AI Tutor service. It does not contain malicious behavior, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. Its operations are standard for such clients, with no suspicious or malicious logic detected. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}