{
  "purpose": "The code defines spatial analysis classes operating on GeoDataFrames, including calculations of area ratios, counts, densities, and spatial relationships, primarily for geographic data analysis.",
  "sources": "Data is read from GeoDataFrame columns such as geometry, unique IDs, and attribute columns; no external data sources or inputs are used during execution.",
  "sinks": "No external data transmission, network connections, file writes, or system commands are present; all operations are in-memory within the Python environment.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input GeoDataFrames into class constructors, where internal calculations process the data, resulting in pandas Series stored as class attributes; no external sinks or data exfiltration occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. Usage of deprecated decorators indicates maintenance rather than malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of spatial analysis classes utilizing standard open-source geospatial libraries (geopandas, libpysal, pandas, numpy). It performs typical spatial data operations such as merging, grouping, buffering, and density calculations. No network activity, file I/O, or system commands are present. The code is well-structured, with clear class definitions and comments. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or sabotage are evident. The use of deprecated decorators suggests ongoing maintenance, not malicious intent. The data flow is internal, with no external communication or data exfiltration. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1-0.2) are justified and consistent with the code's benign nature.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate spatial analysis toolkit with no malicious or sabotage features. It relies on standard open-source libraries, performs in-memory computations, and contains no network or system command operations. The security risk is minimal, and the malware and obfuscation scores are appropriate. Overall, the supply chain security for this dependency is sound.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}