{
  "purpose": "The code implements a pipeline for token classification tasks using BERT-based models, specifically for detecting cues and scope in text. It loads models, preprocesses input tokens, performs predictions, and outputs annotated tokens with labels.",
  "sources": "Reads input tokens from function parameters, loads models and tokenizers from pre-trained model repositories, and reads environment variables for file paths.",
  "sinks": "Outputs prediction results to standard output using print statements; processes and returns token and label sequences.",
  "flows": "Input tokens are tokenized, passed through models to produce logits, logits are converted to labels, and these labels are merged with original tokens to produce final annotations. Results are printed to stdout.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'os.path.realpath' to compute a directory path but not further utilized. The class structure contains placeholders like 'special_tokens = ...', which indicates incomplete or placeholder code, but no obfuscated or suspicious code. No hardcoded credentials, network activity, or file manipulations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles loading transformer models, tokenizing input, running inference, and merging subtoken predictions into original tokens. It uses standard libraries and methods without any signs of malicious activity. No network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The placeholder '...' suggests incomplete code but not malicious intent. The overall structure aligns with typical NLP inference pipelines.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard NLP inference pipeline for token classification, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain any network activity, backdoors, or suspicious operations. The placeholders are likely for implementation details, not malicious code. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}