{
  "purpose": "The code encrypts and decrypts Python scripts, generating a main script that decrypts and executes the code at runtime using exec().",
  "sources": "Reads input Python files, especially lines starting with 'import' or 'from', and the encrypted content for decryption.",
  "sinks": "Executes decrypted code via exec(), which is a potential sink for malicious code if inputs are untrusted.",
  "flows": "Reads input file -> encrypts/decrypts content -> writes output file -> main script imports encrypted data -> decrypts at runtime -> executes code via exec().",
  "anomalies": "Uses exec() on decrypted code without validation, which is inherently risky; generates a 'mainscript.pyw' that dynamically executes code.",
  "analysis": "The code reads files, encrypts/decrypts content, and creates a main script that decrypts and runs code via exec(). The pattern of runtime decryption and execution is dangerous if inputs are malicious. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The use of exec() on decrypted code is a significant security concern, as it allows arbitrary code execution. The code is straightforward and not obfuscated, but the pattern can be exploited maliciously. The malware scores across reports vary, but given the pattern, a higher score (~0.75) is justified. The security risk is high due to dynamic code execution. The obfuscation score is low, as the code is clear. Overall, the pattern is risky and should be used with caution, especially with untrusted inputs.",
  "conclusion": "The code pattern of decrypting and executing code at runtime introduces a high security risk and potential for malicious exploitation. While no explicit malicious payloads are present, the unsafe pattern warrants a high malware score (~0.75) and a high security risk (~0.75). The code itself is straightforward, with no obfuscation. It should be flagged as dangerous if used in untrusted environments, and best practices recommend avoiding dynamic execution of decrypted code or implementing validation and sandboxing.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.75,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}