{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to encrypt and decrypt Python source files using a TokenCryptor class, and generates a main script to run the decrypted code dynamically.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from files specified by input path argument; the content of these files is processed for encryption or decryption.",
  "sinks": "The decrypted code is executed dynamically using exec() on the decrypted string, which can lead to code execution if the source is malicious or tampered.",
  "flows": "File input → reading content → encryption/decryption → writing output → optionally generating a main script that imports and executes the decrypted code via exec().",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval-like execution via exec() on decrypted code introduces significant risk. The script generates a Python script that decrypts and executes code at runtime, which can be exploited if the input is malicious. No hardcoded credentials are present. The process of encrypting/decrypting code and executing it dynamically suggests obfuscation or code concealment intent.",
  "analysis": "The script reads input Python files, encrypts or decrypts their contents with TokenCryptor, and writes output files. When encrypting, it creates a 'mainscript.pyw' that imports the encrypted module, decrypts its content, and executes it dynamically using exec(). The use of exec() on potentially decrypted code constitutes a significant security risk, especially if input files are untrusted. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets or credentials, but the pattern of decrypting and executing code at runtime is inherently dangerous and can be exploited for malicious purposes. The code structure suggests obfuscation or hiding malicious payloads, as it dynamically decrypts and runs code without clear visibility. There are no signs of obfuscation in the code itself, but its behavior facilitates obfuscated or malicious code execution.",
  "conclusion": "The code's design allows for encrypted code to be decrypted and executed dynamically, which is a high security risk if used with untrusted inputs. While no explicit malicious payload is evident, the pattern of decrypting and executing code at runtime can be exploited to run malicious code. This pattern should be carefully reviewed and restricted to trusted sources. The malware score is high due to the runtime execution of potentially sensitive code. Overall security risk is elevated because of this dynamic code execution.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.75,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "report_number": 3
}