{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be designed for detecting and normalizing confusable characters, likely for security purposes such as preventing homograph attacks or identifying visually similar characters in strings.",
  "sources": "Reads confusable character mappings from a JSON file located relative to the module's directory.",
  "sinks": "Uses data internally for string comparison and normalization; no external data sinks are evident, such as network or file writes.",
  "flows": "Reads mapping data -> confusable_characters() retrieves mappings -> is_confusable() compares strings -> normalize() processes and normalizes strings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code relies on external JSON file for mappings, which is standard; no suspicious or unusual code constructs observed. Functions perform string processing without side effects.",
  "analysis": "The code loads a confusable character mapping from a file, then provides functions to detect if two strings are confusable and to normalize strings based on these mappings. The is_confusable() function compares strings for similarity based on confusable characters. The normalize() function converts strings into a normalized form, likely for comparison or validation. The code includes careful handling of ASCII and non-ASCII characters, as well as prioritization options. No network activity, system modification, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The overall structure is consistent with string normalization and comparison tasks, with no indications of malicious intent or harmful behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for safe string normalization and comparison, likely for security purposes such as homograph attack prevention. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or suspicious data exfiltration. The only potential concern is reliance on external configuration data, which is standard practice. Overall, the code appears benign and secure.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}