{
  "purpose": "The code manages network devices via an API, performing device status checks, firmware updates, configuration, and data retrieval, including writing device info to a file.",
  "sources": "Reads device responses, device status, firmware info, configuration data, and file input (e.g., 'qr.svg'). Uses hardcoded IP address and secret credentials.",
  "sinks": "Outputs data via print statements, writes device info into an SVG file, and performs network API calls that could potentially leak or manipulate device data.",
  "flows": "Source data from device API responses and hardcoded credentials flow into print statements, file writes, and API commands that modify device state or retrieve info.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated import names and variable identifiers, presence of hardcoded IP address and secret, extensive device control functions, and writing device info into SVG files without validation.",
  "analysis": "The script interacts extensively with device APIs, performing status checks, updates, and configuration tasks. It uses obfuscated import names and variable identifiers, which complicate analysis but do not inherently indicate malicious intent. Hardcoded IP and secret credentials pose security risks if exposed. The code outputs device info and writes to files, which could be exploited if manipulated. No signs of malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or sabotage are evident. The obfuscation and credential exposure are security concerns but do not constitute malware. The malware score is low (around 0.15), reflecting the absence of malicious actions. The obfuscation score is high (around 0.75), justified by the obfuscated import names and variable identifiers. The security risk score is moderate (around 0.5), considering the hardcoded secrets and device control functions that could be misused if secrets are compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a device management script with significant obfuscation and credential exposure. It does not exhibit malicious behavior but has security-sensitive features that could be exploited. The low malware score is appropriate, while the obfuscation and hardcoded secrets warrant caution. Overall, it poses a moderate security risk due to potential misuse if secrets are exposed, but no active malware or sabotage is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.15,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}