{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Streamlit component for displaying images and capturing click coordinates, supporting images from URLs, local files, or numpy arrays.",
  "sources": "Image source parameters such as string URLs, local file paths, or numpy arrays. Also reads image files from disk when a Path or string is provided.",
  "sinks": "Embedding image data into base64 strings for web display; potential risk if image sources are maliciously injected or manipulated, but no direct sink for untrusted data outside display context.",
  "flows": "Image source inputs are converted to base64 data URLs, which are then passed to a custom Streamlit component. User interactions (click coordinates) are captured by the component, but data flow is confined to display and callback.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code behaviors observed. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The code's structure is straightforward, primarily handling image encoding and UI rendering.",
  "analysis": "The script loads images from various sources, encodes them in base64, and passes them to a custom frontend component for user interaction. It does not execute untrusted code, perform network requests (apart from accepting URL sources), or manipulate environment variables. The only external data input is the image source, and the only output is user-interaction data (coordinates and timestamp). No malware or malicious behavior detected. The code appears to be a standard implementation of a custom Streamlit component with safe image handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign implementation intended for user interaction with images in a Streamlit app. It does not contain malicious intent or malware. The only potential security concern is the acceptance of external image URLs, but since these are only embedded as data URLs and no network requests are made to fetch images directly within the code, the risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}