{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Django middleware for OpenTelemetry instrumentation, capturing request and response data for observability and tracing.",
  "sources": "Reads input from request.META, request.scope, request.path, request.method, request.headers, response.items(), and optional environment variables for context propagation.",
  "sinks": "Sets span attributes, injects context into response headers, and modifies response status code and headers, potentially leaking sensitive information if headers or attributes contain secrets.",
  "flows": "Input data from request META or scope flows into span attributes and context, which are then injected into response headers and used for telemetry. Request start time and exception info are stored in request META and used at response time.",
  "anomalies": "Uses standard libraries, no hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code, unusual dynamic execution, or backdoors evident. No suspicious external network connections or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a Django middleware for OpenTelemetry, capturing HTTP request/response data, managing span lifecycle, and propagating context. It conditionally supports ASGI and WSGI, handles different Django versions, and allows hooks for custom processing. The code appears to follow normal patterns for instrumentation, with no signs of malicious behavior, data leakage beyond normal tracing, or malicious code insertion. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or secret theft mechanisms are present. The only potential security concern is if headers contain sensitive data; however, sanitization functions are included. Overall, the code is well-structured and adheres to expected instrumentation practices.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate OpenTelemetry Django middleware for request tracing and observability. It contains no malicious or sabotage-related behavior. Its security risk is minimal, primarily involving the handling of request/response headers, which is mitigated by sanitization functions. The overall malware likelihood is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}