{
  "purpose": "This code implements OpenTelemetry instrumentation for Django applications, enabling tracing and metrics collection for HTTP requests and responses.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include request.META, request.scope, request.path, request.method, request.resolver_match, request.build_absolute_uri, and request.items; also request.headers in ASGI requests.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points include setting span attributes with request and response headers, injecting context into responses, and logging exceptions. Injection points for context propagation and span attribute setting are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from request headers and attributes to span attributes during process_request; request data is used for span creation and attribute extraction; response headers and status code are used for span and context injection; exceptions are stored in request.META for later processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. The code uses dynamic imports and conditional logic based on Django versions, which are standard practices. No obfuscated code or obvious backdoors. The presence of hooks (_otel_request_hook, _otel_response_hook) allows external code to inject behavior, which could be exploited if misused, but this is typical for hooks.",
  "analysis": "The code provides instrumentation for Django, capturing request and response data, creating spans, and injecting trace context. It conditionally supports ASGI and WSGI, manages span lifecycle carefully, and records metrics. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system modification, or backdoors are evident. The hooks offer flexibility but are not inherently malicious. No suspicious network activity or hidden code detected. The code appears well-structured for its purpose, with no indicators of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of OpenTelemetry Django middleware for tracing and metrics, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The presence of hooks and detailed attribute collection is typical for instrumentation but should be monitored for secure use. Overall, it appears safe and aligned with intended functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}