{
  "purpose": "Provide utilities for constructing, parsing, and validating DICOMweb URIs according to the DICOM standard, including handling of UID components, query parameters, and resource hierarchies.",
  "sources": "Parsing of input URLs, method parameters such as UID strings, frames sequences, query parameter dictionaries, and URI string inputs.",
  "sinks": "String concatenation for URI construction, URL parsing and validation, raising exceptions on invalid input, and regex matching for UID validation.",
  "flows": "Input URLs and parameters are validated, processed, and used to generate or parse URI objects. Inputs such as UIDs and frames flow through validation functions, and constructed URIs are converted to strings or parsed back into objects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation present. UID validation allows for permissive mode which could accept non-standard UIDs, but this is a documented feature rather than malicious behavior. The code performs standard URI parsing and validation without any hidden or malicious code paths.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a comprehensive implementation for managing DICOMweb URIs, with validation for URLs, UIDs, and resource hierarchies. All functions seem to perform legitimate operations such as URL validation, regex checks, and string manipulations aligned with standards. No external network communication, data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors are detected. Permissive mode allows non-standard UIDs, which could be misused if exploited, but this is an explicit feature for handling non-conformant data, not malicious intent. The structure is clear, and no code indicates hidden backdoors or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for DICOM URI handling with thorough validation and parsing routines. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The permissive UID mode should be used cautiously, but it is a documented feature, not malicious. Overall, the code appears safe and aligns with its stated purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}