{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for preparing, running, and managing urban simulation workflows involving URBANopt, Modelica, REopt, RNM, and related tools. It facilitates automation of building and energy system simulations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input files such as feature geoJSON files, scenario CSV files, system parameter JSON files, environment variables, and external scripts or executables (e.g., uo_des.exe, thermalnetwork.exe). It also reads measure configurations and model files from specified directories.",
  "sinks": "The code executes external programs via subprocess (e.g., uo_des, thermalnetwork, Modelica tools), copies files (e.g., EPW weather files, Gemfile, measure files), and writes configuration or script files (batch or shell scripts). It reads and writes JSON, CSV, and geoJSON files, and potentially copies or modifies system or model files.",
  "flows": "Input files (geoJSON, CSV, JSON) are read to configure simulation parameters. Scripts and environment files are generated and executed via subprocess, invoking external simulation tools. Results files are then located and their paths returned. There are potential source-to-sink paths through execution commands that run external binaries or scripts, and file I/O operations that modify or generate configuration files, measure arguments, and simulation outputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses subprocess.Popen with shell=True or shell=False in different contexts, and invokes external executables such as uo_des.exe, thermalnetwork.exe, and Modelica tools without detailed validation of their contents or behavior. It copies files like weather files and Gemfile, and modifies geoJSON properties, which are typical but could be misused if files are compromised. No explicit obfuscation or suspicious code constructs are present. No hardcoded credentials or secret tokens are detected; however, there are default developer keys embedded in code, which is a security concern. The code executes system commands with constructed strings, which, if influenced by external inputs, could pose injection risks, though inputs appear validated via file existence checks and assertions.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily orchestrates workflows for building and running energy simulations using external tools. It constructs batch and shell scripts dynamically based on local paths and configurations, then executes these scripts. The external command invocations include parameters such as file paths and environment variables; these are constructed from local variables and environment settings, with no user-provided unvalidated input in the command strings. File I/O operations involve copying weather files, measure files, and creating configuration scripts, which are standard for simulation workflows. The code does not contain logic for network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection, and it does not process untrusted input beyond basic file existence assertions. The embedded developer key is a potential security risk if exposed publicly but is not malicious in intent. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms but does involve execution of external binaries that could be exploited if those binaries are compromised or manipulated externally.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed to automate complex energy simulation workflows, relying on external programs and files. There are no signs of malicious intent or sabotage within this code. Its security risks are related to the handling of external executables and embedded default keys, which could be exploited if the environment is compromised. The overall malware score is low, and the security risk score is moderate due to embedded secrets and external command execution, but there are no indications of malicious code or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 1
}