{
  "purpose": "This code provides management functions for AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments and applications, including termination, deletion, cleanup, and configuration querying.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from environment names, application names, configuration settings, and user confirmation prompts; accesses AWS services via the elasticbeanstalk and s3 modules; retrieves configuration settings and environment details.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data could be sent to AWS services (e.g., deleting objects in S3, terminating environments), but these are standard AWS API calls. User confirmation prompts and logs do not handle untrusted data in a risky way.",
  "flows": "User input (e.g., environment and application names, confirmation responses) influences AWS API calls for termination, deletion, cleanup, and configuration retrieval. AWS API responses guide subsequent actions like cleanup and configuration checks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. No unusual or malicious-looking code patterns. All external interactions are with legitimate AWS services or local IO functions. No hidden network communications or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of functions managing AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments, including termination, deletion, and cleanup routines. It interacts with AWS APIs for environment and application management, including deleting S3 objects for application versions and cleaning up configuration settings. The use of prompts and confirmation ensures user oversight. All AWS interactions are standard SDK calls; no code injects, malicious logic, or secret harvesting is evident. The code handles exceptions, such as NotAuthorizedError, appropriately. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious payloads, or suspicious data flows. The functions follow typical management patterns and do not appear malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate management utility for AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments and applications, with no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It performs expected operational tasks securely and transparently.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}