{
  "purpose": "The code provides management functions for AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments and applications, including termination, deletion, cleanup, and configuration checks.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment names, application names, configuration settings, environment configurations, and application versions from AWS services, and user inputs via io.validate_action.",
  "sinks": "AWS API calls to terminate environments, delete applications, delete S3 objects, and modify configuration settings; also outputs messages via io.echo and logs warnings.",
  "flows": "User input and AWS service responses are used to trigger environment termination, application deletion, and configuration cleanup; data flows from input and AWS responses to API calls and output messages.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are observed. Usage of AWS SDK calls appears standard and appropriate. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system damage, or reverse shells are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages AWS resources via the boto3-based 'elasticbeanstalk' and 's3' modules, along with input/output operations. It performs resource deletion, environment termination, configuration cleanup, and confirmation prompts. The functions use standard AWS SDK calls and contain no suspicious code, obfuscation, or malicious logic. No hardcoded secrets or unusual data flows are evident. The code includes error handling for authorization errors during S3 deletions. The overall structure is consistent with legitimate resource management scripts, and no signals indicate malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be legitimate resource management code for AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments and applications. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The code uses standard AWS SDK interactions and user prompts responsibly. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}