{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a set of utility functions for generating migration scripts for a database ORM, such as creating, removing, and altering models and fields.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from Model attributes, class attributes, and function parameters (e.g., table names, model fields, and migration parameters). It also reads model metadata and fields for generating code strings.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs formatted strings for migration commands, such as 'create_model', 'remove_model', 'add_fields', 'remove_fields', and 'change_fields'. It constructs SQL-like commands based on model data and parameters.",
  "flows": "Data flows from Model attributes and function parameters into string formatting functions, which generate migration command strings; these strings are then returned by the functions. No untrusted input is directly executed or injected.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The functions primarily generate strings for migration scripts; the code structure is straightforward. No suspicious network activity, system modification, or data leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of utility functions for code generation related to database migrations. It reads model metadata, such as table names, fields, indexes, and schema info, then produces formatted migration commands as strings. The functions use string formatting, conditional logic, and attribute access. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious data handling. The functions do not perform network operations, access environment variables insecurely, or execute untrusted data.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for generating migration scripts, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities based on the provided snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}