{
  "purpose": "Implementation of OAuth 1.0 request signing and verification logic, including support for multiple signature methods and request configurations.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include request.uri, request.headers, request.body, and optional parameters such as nonce and timestamp; these are used for generating signatures and OAuth parameters.",
  "sinks": "Generated OAuth signatures, headers, and signed request components (URI, headers, body) are the main outputs. No direct data leaks or unsafe operations are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data (uri, headers, body, OAuth parameters) flows through methods like get_oauth_signature and sign, resulting in signed request components. Signature generation uses hashing functions; no data is sent over networks within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. No unusual code constructs or dynamic code execution are present. Signature methods are registered and called via a safe mapping. No obfuscation or hidden backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard OAuth 1.0 signing procedures, including parameter collection, normalization, and signature base string creation. It handles different signature methods, encodes/decodes data appropriately, and manages request signing in a structured way. No malicious behaviors, such as network data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system damage, are present. The code adheres to OAuth specifications and employs safe cryptographic operations. There are no signs of hardcoded secrets or backdoors. The logging is for debugging purposes and does not involve sensitive data. Overall, the implementation appears secure and standard for OAuth signing tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured OAuth 1.0 signing library with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It properly handles signing, parameter encoding, and request rendering without suspicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}