{
  "purpose": "The code implements the Stochastic Outlier Selection (SOS) algorithm for outlier detection, including distance computation, affinity calculation, and outlier scoring based on Gaussian kernels and perplexity.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input array X in methods _x2d (distance matrix computation), fit (data input), and decision_function (new data). It also reads from class attributes during computation.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations solely on input data and internal matrices; no data is sent over the network, written to files, or exposed in a suspicious manner.",
  "flows": "Input data -> distance calculations -> affinity matrices -> outlier scores. Data flows through distance computation, affinity optimization, and score calculation without external influence.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The code uses standard libraries and functions. The only dynamic aspect is the iterative beta adjustment for perplexity matching, which is a normal technique in t-SNE-like algorithms.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of the SOS outlier detection algorithm. It uses numpy for numerical operations, scipy for distance metrics, and numba for performance optimization. The distance computation supports multiple metrics, including 'euclidean' and 'none' for precomputed dissimilarity matrices. The core method _d2a performs a binary search to match perplexity by adjusting the precision (beta), which is typical in similarity-based models like t-SNE. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident in data handling or computational logic. The code avoids hardcoded secrets, external network calls, or system modifications. It is well-structured, using existing libraries appropriately, and does not contain obfuscated or malicious code patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a legitimate and standard outlier detection algorithm without any signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not perform any external data exfiltration, hidden system modifications, or suspicious network activity. The only potential concern is the iterative beta adjustment for perplexity matching, which is a normal algorithmic step, not malicious. Overall, the code appears safe and purely focused on outlier detection.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}