{
  "purpose": "This code provides SDK methods for managing data sources, including adding new data sources and retrieving their configurations, primarily for indexing or search functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from method parameters such as 'name', 'datasource_category', 'url_regex', and other configuration parameters. It also reads environment variables for security via 'get_security_from_env'.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs HTTP requests and sends them over the network to specific API endpoints ('/api/index/v1/adddatasource', '/api/index/v1/getdatasourceconfig'). It handles responses and raises errors based on response status codes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method input parameters into request objects, which are serialized and sent via HTTP requests. Responses from these requests are checked for success or failure and processed accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious functions are evident. The code relies on standard libraries and SDK patterns. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The use of 'get_security_from_env' suggests environment-based security management, which is standard. The functions perform API calls without evident malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard SDK implementation for data source management, including adding data sources and fetching their configurations. It uses environment variables for security and serializes data using standard functions. The HTTP request and response handling include typical error checks. No suspicious or malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors, is present. The code does not perform any operations that could be malicious, such as connecting to unknown domains, executing code, or accessing sensitive data without authorization. All operations are confined to API requests and standard SDK functionalities.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical SDK implementation for data source management, with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It uses standard security practices like environment-based security and structured API interactions. Overall, it appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}