{
  "purpose": "The code implements a client SDK for Salesforce Marketing Cloud, managing authentication tokens, WSDL retrieval, and SOAP communication setup. It handles OAuth2 and legacy tokens, retrieves configuration from files and environment variables, and performs operations like adding subscribers and creating data extensions.",
  "sources": "Configuration files, environment variables, JWT tokens, network requests for WSDL and token refresh, file I/O for WSDL caching, SOAP headers for authentication.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to token and WSDL endpoints, SOAP headers with credentials, file writes for WSDL storage, in-memory token storage.",
  "flows": "Reads configuration and environment variables -> Retrieves or updates WSDL -> Authenticates via tokens -> Sets SOAP headers -> Performs API operations like add/update subscriber or data extension.",
  "anomalies": "Uses placeholder credentials ('*') in SOAP security headers, appends 'legacy=1' to auth URL without validation, writes server responses directly to files without validation, static WSDL filename. No obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard SDK client for Salesforce Marketing Cloud, with token management, WSDL retrieval, and SOAP setup. No malicious code or obfuscation is present. The main concern is the use of placeholder credentials ('*') in SOAP headers, which are insecure and could be exploited if not replaced with real credentials. WSDL retrieval and caching are standard but lack validation, which could pose security risks if endpoints are compromised. The code handles sensitive data appropriately within expected SDK patterns. No active malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. The scores assigned in the reports are consistent with these observations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SDK client with standard practices, but it contains insecure placeholder credentials in SOAP headers and minimal insecure handling of WSDL files. These are configuration issues rather than malicious behaviors. The malware score is correctly 0, obfuscation is absent, and the security risk score of approximately 0.2-0.3 reflects these insecure practices but not active malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}