{
  "purpose": "This script is designed to set up and configure the build process for the Python lz4 package, including compiling C extensions and managing dependencies.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (PYLZ4_EXPERIMENTAL, PYLZ4_USE_SYSTEM_LZ4), import statements, version checks, and configuration data (e.g., extension sources and compile args).",
  "sinks": "System commands (sys.exit), print statements for unrecognized compilers, and potential network access through package installation tools (not directly in code but implied via setup).",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence build options; imports and version checks determine code paths; configuration data flows into setup() for package installation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Use of environment variables for toggling features is typical. No suspicious network activity or data leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs environment checks, manages build configurations, and sets up extension modules for compilation. It carefully chooses whether to use system libraries or bundled sources based on environment variables and availability checks. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected; it operates as a standard setup script. The use of environment variables allows customization but does not introduce security risks by itself. No code injection, data leakage, or covert operations are present. The import of 'pkgconfig' is for dependency detection and is not malicious. Overall, this appears to be a legitimate build setup script with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build setup script for a Python extension module with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It uses environment variables to control build options and manages dependencies securely. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}