{
  "purpose": "This code provides configuration variables, constants, and templates for an AWS security analysis tool, likely used for assessing IAM policies and permissions for potential security issues.",
  "sources": "Reading configuration files (default-exclusions.yml), environment variables (not directly used here, but the file paths and YAML loading), and static data definitions (lists, dictionaries, templates).",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly send data, execute commands, or interact with external systems in a malicious manner. The YAML file reading could be a sink if external YAML files are maliciously replaced, but this is a standard pattern for configuration loading.",
  "flows": "Configuration file is loaded from disk into memory; static data structures are defined for analysis and reporting purposes.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code is mainly static configuration and data definitions. No code executes untrusted inputs or performs network operations.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up constants, templates, and static data structures for a security analysis tool focused on AWS IAM policies. It loads a YAML configuration file to customize exclusions, which is standard practice. The lists and dictionaries define security-relevant actions, severity levels, and methods for privilege escalation, which are all static and publicly available information. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious patterns are observed. The YAML file loading could be a concern if the YAML file is maliciously altered, but this is part of normal configuration management. Overall, the code appears to be well-structured static configuration data with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains no malicious behavior or security risks. It is a static configuration and data setup for an AWS IAM security assessment tool. No malicious or suspicious code patterns are detected. The YAML file loading is standard for configuration purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}