{
  "purpose": "This code provides configuration templates, constants, and data structures for AWS IAM policy analysis, including risk assessments and severity levels. It is part of a security auditing tool for AWS permissions.",
  "sources": "Reads from the file system: 'shared/default-exclusions.yml'; imports modules like 'os', 'yaml', and 'logging'; defines static data such as 'EXCLUSIONS_TEMPLATE', 'MULTI_ACCOUNT_CONFIG_TEMPLATE', and lists like 'READ_ONLY_DATA_EXFILTRATION_ACTIONS' and 'ACTIONS_THAT_RETURN_CREDENTIALS'.",
  "sinks": "None directly observed; no data outputs or untrusted data processing identified. No network or system commands are executed.",
  "flows": "N/A - the code mainly defines static data and configuration templates without dynamic data flows.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive configuration data and constants but no signs of malicious anomalies, backdoors, or suspicious logic. No hardcoded credentials or secret keys are present. The inclusion of policy templates and action lists is standard for such security tools.",
  "analysis": "The script is a configuration and constant definition module for AWS permission analysis, including severity mappings, risk descriptions, and specific action lists related to AWS security risks. It reads a YAML exclusions file, loads its content, and performs schema validation, which is typical for security configuration tools. No suspicious code behaviors, such as network calls, system commands, or obfuscated code, are present. The code does not process untrusted input beyond reading a local file. All data structures are static or loaded from trusted files.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard configuration and constants module for an AWS security auditing tool. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or obfuscated code. It functions solely to define data structures, templates, and static lists used elsewhere in the tool. The risk of malware or malicious intent is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}