{
  "purpose": "This code provides configuration options for deploying Google Cloud Functions, including runtime, triggers, permissions, and other deployment settings.",
  "sources": "Code reads environment variables (e.g., firebase_config), imports modules (firebase_functions.private.*), and uses function parameters for configuration data.",
  "sinks": "Data is mapped to manifest structures and may include secrets, environment variables, and input parameters that could potentially be used to influence deployment or runtime behavior.",
  "flows": "Input data such as secrets, environment variables, or configuration parameters flow into manifest definitions, but no data is directly sent over networks or to untrusted external systems within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors observed. Use of _util.Sentinel objects indicates design for handling special reset values. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present. No code injection, data leakage, or unsafe SQL is present. Functions primarily map configuration data to manifest structures without executing untrusted code or network operations.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly defines configuration classes and functions to generate deployment manifests for Cloud Functions, with no evidence of malicious intent. It uses safe practices such as data validation and structured data mapping. The imports are from reputable Google Firebase modules, and no code indicates network access, data exfiltration, or malicious activity. It relies on external manifest and utility modules for deployment details, and the presence of Sentinel objects suggests proper handling of reset states. Overall, the code is focused on deployment configuration and does not contain malicious behaviors or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a safe, well-structured configuration module for Google Cloud Functions deployment. It contains no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It simply maps user-supplied options into manifest representations for deployment. The security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}