{
  "purpose": "This code defines CloudFormation resource classes and properties for AWS MediaConvert services using the AWS CDK, mainly for infrastructure as code deployment.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external or untrusted input; it primarily defines classes, properties, and type-checking stubs for AWS resource constructs. It imports modules and defines data structures and methods related to AWS CloudFormation resources.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that process untrusted data or perform actions based on external input. The code mainly interacts with AWS CDK internals and constructs, with no network or data leak functions.",
  "flows": "There are no data flows from untrusted sources to sinks. The code only sets properties and defines data types, with no runtime data processing or external data handling.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code behaviors are present. The functions are mainly type-checking stubs and class constructors for AWS resource representations. No hardcoded secrets, network calls, or backdoors are present. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is used.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard generated library for AWS CDK constructs representing AWS MediaConvert resources, such as JobTemplate, Preset, and Queue. It includes class definitions, property accessors, type checking, and data structures for resource properties. The purpose is to facilitate infrastructure deployment, not runtime data processing or external communications. No signs of malicious behavior, such as hidden network activity, secret exfiltration, code injection, or sabotage, are evident. The inclusion of type-checking stubs indicates validation logic for static analysis, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, non-malicious library for defining AWS MediaConvert resources within the AWS CDK framework. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It purely models cloud infrastructure resources and supports type safety checks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}