{
  "purpose": "Provides utilities for converting between meter-based coordinates and geographic coordinates (longitude, latitude) and for handling polygon coordinate transformations in a geospatial context.",
  "sources": "Reads input coordinate arrays (polygon vertices, location objects, points) and origin longitude/latitude parameters.",
  "sinks": "Performs mathematical calculations and returns transformed coordinate data; does not write to external systems or files.",
  "flows": "Reads coordinate data (sources), computes conversion factors, applies transformations, and outputs geographic or meter-based coordinate arrays.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors observed. No use of untrusted external inputs other than coordinate data. No obfuscated or unusual language features. Use of standard mathematical formulas and data transformations.",
  "analysis": "The code implements geographic coordinate conversions based on WSG84 assumptions, involving calculations for meters-to-degrees conversions and vice versa. It uses standard trigonometric and mathematical functions without external data or network calls. The functions rely on input parameters and mathematical formulas to perform coordinate transformations, with optional pre-calculated conversion factors for efficiency. No input validation, but the mathematical logic appears straightforward and typical for geospatial calculations. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. The code is well-structured, with clear separation of concerns, and does not perform any suspicious actions such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of geographic coordinate transformations for geospatial applications. It performs mathematical computations using well-known formulas without any malicious intent or suspicious behavior. There is no evidence of malware, supply chain attacks, or security risks within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}