{
  "purpose": "This script is a setup configuration for building and installing the openTSNE Python package, including compiling extensions, checking for dependencies, and converting notebooks to documentation.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from files ('README.rst', version.py, and notebook files). Retrieves include directories, library directories, and system environment variables. Checks for external C libraries (fftw3, omp).",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks that could leak untrusted data or perform harmful actions are present. No network communication, file exfiltration, or command execution is detected.",
  "flows": "N/A — the script mainly configures build environment, compiles extensions, and converts notebooks; it does not process untrusted external data or perform runtime data flows.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no suspicious or malicious logic. The 'ConvertNotebooksToDocs' class dynamically imports nbconvert and reads notebook files, but this is for documentation purposes and not inherently malicious. The 'has_c_library' function creates temporary files and attempts compilation, which could be misused in a different context, but here it is used solely for dependency detection. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard setup configuration for building a Python package with compiled extensions, including platform-specific and dependency checks. It imports and uses well-known libraries (distutils, setuptools, nbconvert, numpy). It performs dependency checks by attempting to compile dummy C files, which is a common method for verifying system libraries. There is no code that attempts to connect to external servers, send data, or perform unauthorized actions. All functions and classes serve typical purposes such as compiling extensions, converting notebooks, and gathering build info. No suspicious code patterns or malicious intent are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build script for a Python package, with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It relies on trusted libraries and performs common build tasks. No malware or security threats are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}