{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom exception classes and error handling for a database migration framework, likely used in Django or a similar ORM system. Its primary purpose is to manage and report errors related to migration processes.",
  "sources": "Input sources include migration objects, exception info passed during error instantiation, and string representations of migration states or errors.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are string formatting outputs for error messages and traceback information. No untrusted external data or user input is directly processed or output in a dangerous manner.",
  "flows": "Data flows from exception info (exc_info) or migration objects into traceback strings or error messages, then outputs as formatted strings. No external data is fed into the system or sent over networks.",
  "anomalies": "The code primarily consists of class definitions for errors and warnings with no evidence of dynamic code execution, obfuscated logic, or hidden behaviors. There are no hardcoded credentials, network communications, or data leaks.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured as a collection of custom exception classes for handling various migration-related errors. It uses standard Python traceback formatting functions and string formatting to generate error messages. No external data sources, network operations, or security-sensitive operations are present. The code appears to be straightforward error handling logic for a migration framework, with no malicious activity or sabotage evident. The use of traceback formatting is standard for debugging purposes and does not pose a security risk. No input sanitization or output sanitization concerns arise here because the data handled are internal objects and error messages.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of exception and warning class definitions used for error handling within a migration system. It contains no malicious behavior, security risks, or obfuscated code. The code is safe and does not perform any network or system operations that could be exploited.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}