{
  "purpose": "This script formats Jupyter notebooks (.ipynb files) using the Black code formatter, applying consistent styling to code cells within notebooks.",
  "sources": "Reads notebook files via nbformat.read(), including source code in code cells and output cells.",
  "sinks": "Writes reformatted notebook content back to files via nbformat.write() when --write-back is enabled.",
  "flows": "Source: nbformat.read() loads notebook files; format_cell_source() formats code in cells; reveal_magic() processes magic commands; final notebook content is written back with nbformat.write() if required.",
  "anomalies": "Contains functions hide_magic() and reveal_magic() that replace magic commands with placeholders, which is a form of obfuscation or masking but not malicious. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious network activity is evident. The code relies heavily on the 'black' library; no dynamic code execution, network connections, or data exfiltration code is present. The logic appears standard for a code formatter with special handling for notebooks.",
  "analysis": "The script uses standard libraries (pathlib, typing) and third-party modules (black, nbformat, click). It implements command-line options for formatting files, including inclusion/exclusion patterns. The core functionality reads notebooks, formats code cells with black.format_str(), and optionally writes the reformatted notebooks back. Magic commands are temporarily masked during formatting but are not executed or transmitted. No suspicious code such as network calls, data leaks, credential handling, or backdoors is present. Error handling is limited to formatting exceptions and file read/write errors, which are normal. The code appears to be a specialized utility for formatting notebooks without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, specialized notebook formatter utilizing the Black library. It employs masking of magic commands for formatting compatibility but does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It operates within its scope as a formatting tool without external communication or data exfiltration. Overall, no evidence of malware or security threats is identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}