{
  "purpose": "The script recursively walks through a project directory, reads Python files, processes string tokens for normalization, and rewrites the files with the modified source code.",
  "sources": "Reading Python files using 'open' with 'utf-8' encoding, and tokenizing the content with 'tokenize.generate_tokens'.",
  "sinks": "Writing back to the same Python files with 'open' in write mode, overwriting the original source code.",
  "flows": "File reading (input) -> tokenization and string normalization (processing) -> file overwrite (output).",
  "anomalies": "The script modifies string tokens representing docstrings or string literals via regex replacements, which could be misused to alter code semantics or insert malicious strings if manipulated. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The code manipulates source code at a fundamental level but does not introduce external network or system calls.",
  "analysis": "The script performs directory traversal and selectively processes Python files. It reads each file, tokenizes its content, and applies regex-based substitutions to normalize string literals, specifically targeting double-quoted strings and docstrings. It then rewrites the files with the normalized source code. The process is straightforward, with no external network activity, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors observed. The regex substitutions are simple string replacements, likely for formatting consistency or code normalization, not malicious tampering. The code does not contain obfuscated parts or malicious payloads. Overall, it appears as a source code normalization utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a source normalization tool that processes Python files by modifying string literals and rewriting files. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, nor does it contain malware or security risks. It is a benign utility aimed at source code formatting. The main concern is the potential for accidental code corruption if regex replacements are misapplied, but no malicious intent is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}