{
  "purpose": "The code integrates Celery task lifecycle signals with Scout APM for monitoring and performance tracking, and optionally retrieves safe Django settings.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment configuration via imported modules and functions; it accesses Celery task request attributes and headers; it calls get_safe_settings() which reads Django safe settings if Django is installed.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include sending traceback information and environment details to ErrorMonitor.send(), and logging debug information. No untrusted data is directly written to files, network, or external systems in a malicious manner.",
  "flows": "Input from task request attributes, headers, and exceptions flow into tracking functions and error reporting; environment info flows from get_safe_settings() into ErrorMonitor.send().",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for monitoring integrations. There are no hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns. Usage of get_safe_settings() is conditional and safe. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The script hooks into Celery signal handlers to monitor task execution, error handling, and queue timing. It conditionally uses Django's SafeExceptionReporterFilter to get safe settings, and sends exception info and environment data to ErrorMonitor. The configuration copying function extracts 'scout_' prefixed settings from a provided app configuration. No suspicious or malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The functions perform expected monitoring tasks with standard Python and Django idioms.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard monitoring integration for Celery and Scout APM, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It reads environment and task data, reports errors, and manages signal connections responsibly. No malicious intent or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}