{
  "purpose": "The code is a language detection library that analyzes input text to identify its language using n-gram models and probabilistic methods.",
  "sources": "Input text passed to the 'append' method; environment variables (not explicitly used here); internal data structures like self.text and self.word_lang_prob_map.",
  "sinks": "Potential output through return values of 'detect' and 'get_probabilities'; internal probabilities calculations; debug print statements if verbose mode is enabled.",
  "flows": "Input text is processed in 'append' (cleaning URLs/emails), then n-grams are extracted. Probabilities are initialized and iteratively updated in '_detect_block', with normalization and convergence checks, finally producing language predictions.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'six' for compatibility; standard random seed setting; no hardcoded credentials or sensitive data; debug print statements ('six.print_') could leak internal probabilities if verbose is enabled, but not malicious. No evidence of dynamic code execution or obfuscated logic.",
  "analysis": "The code performs language detection by extracting n-grams from input text after cleaning URLs and emails. Probabilities are initialized (possibly with priors) and iteratively refined over multiple trials, with convergence criteria based on probability normalization. The 'append' method removes URLs and email addresses using regex and normalizes text. Probabilities are adjusted based on n-grams' language likelihoods. The code relies on external modules for n-gram processing and unicode block detection but does not include or invoke any network operations, system modifications, or external malicious functions. Debug output via 'six.print_' is conditional on verbose mode but not malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or system-impacting actions are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a language detection algorithm with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses standard probabilistic techniques and open-source libraries for compatibility and text processing. The only potential concern is debug output if verbose mode is enabled, but this is not malicious. Overall, the code is safe with no evident security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}