{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for processing pytest result dictionaries, particularly focusing on handling test step IDs, modifying test IDs, and extracting pytest parameter names while excluding step-related parameters.",
  "sources": "Input data is obtained from pytest session objects, dictionaries of test results, and function parameters. Data reading occurs in the functions handling test result dictionaries and pytest session data.",
  "sinks": "The code does not appear to write data to external systems or execute untrusted commands. It manipulates internal data structures and calls other functions for processing.",
  "flows": "Input data from pytest session and dictionaries flows through functions that modify or extract data, especially in 'handle_steps_in_results_dct' and 'get_all_pytest_param_names_except_step_id'. No external system calls or untrusted data executions are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are present. The code includes commented-out code, typical in development, but no obfuscated or malicious constructs. The code relies on external dependencies like 'pytest_harvest' which is optional and properly handled.",
  "analysis": "The code performs data processing tasks: it modifies test result dictionaries by extracting and removing step IDs, constructs new test IDs, and filters pytest parameter names. There are no signs of malicious behavior; functions perform logical data transformations. The presence of commented-out code and standard exception handling indicates routine development practices. No network calls, data exfiltration, or system manipulation are observed. The code depends on external libraries for test data extraction, and checks for their presence.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility module for pytest result processing, with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It performs standard data handling tasks with appropriate safeguards and no suspicious operations. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}