{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for processing pytest harvest results, particularly handling test step identifiers and filtering pytest parameters, to facilitate test result analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads module imports, function parameters, and dictionary keys within functions. It accesses results_dct, test_id, and pytest session data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include removal and modification of test IDs, copying of dictionaries, and raising exceptions. No sinks appear to process untrusted external data directly for destructive actions or data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (results_dct, session) through functions that manipulate dictionaries and strings, mainly copying, filtering, and modifying IDs. No data flows lead to network or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls. The code relies on standard library functions and external modules (pytest-harvest). The removal of step parameters and handling of test IDs appears standard for test result processing. There is commented-out code and a deprecated alias, but nothing suspicious. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manipulates dictionaries containing test results, adjusting test IDs based on parameters, and filtering pytest parameter names. It uses copying to avoid side effects and raises exceptions on invalid parameters. All operations are typical for test management and do not include malicious behavior. No network calls, data exfiltration, or privilege escalation mechanisms are present. The only external dependency is 'pytest_harvest,' which is used as intended. The functions perform expected data processing without any hidden or malicious code logic.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a set of utility functions for pytest test result processing. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware indicators. It appears to be a legitimate part of a testing framework's tooling, with no signs of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}