{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for processing and manipulating pytest results dictionaries, particularly focusing on handling test step identifiers and filtering pytest parameters. It is intended for test result management within pytest-based testing workflows.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'results_dct', 'session', and optional filter inputs. It also imports modules and functions, notably 'copy', 'remove_param_from_pytest_node_str_id', and potentially 'get_all_pytest_param_names' from 'pytest_harvest'.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks where untrusted data could lead to security vulnerabilities or data leaks. No code writes data to network, filesystem, or external systems. The functions perform in-memory data processing only.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into internal processing steps: 'results_dct' is iterated, data is copied and manipulated, particularly IDs and parameter sets, then stored in a new dictionary with modified keys and possibly altered content. The 'session' parameter is used for obtaining parameter names via external library functions, and no untrusted data is transferred beyond in-memory processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward utility functions without obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors. It includes commented-out code and references to external modules, but no suspicious or malicious patterns are evident. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions designed for test result data manipulation. It carefully copies input data to avoid in-place modification, handles different data structures depending on 'flatten' status, and manages missing data scenarios with appropriate exceptions. The only external dependency, 'pytest_harvest', is used conditionally, and there's a deprecation alias present. No network activity, code injection, or data exfiltration is detected. The functions perform safe data transformations, primarily copying, parameter removal, and key modifications, with proper validation and error handling. Overall, the code appears to be benign, well-structured, and intended solely for test data processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for managing pytest result dictionaries, focusing on handling test step IDs and parameters. It contains no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. Its operations are limited to in-memory data manipulation, with appropriate error handling. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}