{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to compare two Snowpark DataFrames or Snowflake tables, providing detailed reports on their differences, similarities, and mismatches.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from Snowflake tables or DataFrames, and accesses environment variables indirectly through imports. It also reads template files for report generation.",
  "sinks": "The code writes reports to files; no data is sent over the network, and no system commands or external executions are present. No untrusted data sinks are identified.",
  "flows": "Input data (Snowflake tables or DataFrames) flows through comparison functions, with intermediate results stored in DataFrames. Report generation reads from templates and writes to files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The code uses standard library functions, external dependencies, and straightforward logic. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are detected. There are no suspicious network connections, code injections, or system command executions.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a well-structured, purpose-built comparison utility for Snowflake data, with detailed logging and reporting. It uses standard Snowpark and Python features, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. All data reads and writes are related to comparison processes, and no suspicious external communications or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The only external dependency is the 'snowflake' package, which is optional and controlled. No hidden or malicious behaviors are detected, and the code adheres to typical data comparison and reporting patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate data comparison utility with no evident malicious intent or sabotage. It performs data comparison and reporting securely, with no suspicious or malicious actions embedded. The security risk is minimal, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}