{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to compare two Snowpark DataFrames or Snowflake tables for equality, generating reports on data differences, mismatches, and similarities.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from Snowflake tables or DataFrames (session.table(), DataFrame.columns, DataFrame.dtypes), and performs comparisons, aggregations, and filtering operations on these data sources.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points include report generation and export functions, especially if sensitive data is printed or written to files. No network connections or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. No file writing involves sensitive data transfer or malicious commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from Snowflake tables or DataFrames into comparison functions, which analyze columns and rows, then generate summary reports and mismatched samples. No external untrusted inputs or outputs are directed to external systems or networks; flows are limited to data processing within Snowflake and report generation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are observed. The code includes standard data comparison logic, with no obfuscated language features, dynamic code execution, or misleading variables. The import of optional snowflake dependencies is handled safely with warning; no malicious behavior is evident. No unusual behaviors or hidden functionalities detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs data comparison operations using Snowpark DataFrames, including joins, filtering, and aggregations. All operations follow standard data comparison and report generation patterns. No suspicious network activity, credential theft, or system damage code is present. No use of code injection, untrusted input execution, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The logic is straightforward, focused on data comparison and reporting, with safe handling of data sources. No obfuscation or malicious behaviors are detected. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility for data comparison, with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Snowflake DataFrame comparison utility with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It performs standard data comparison and report generation functions, without suspicious network activity or data exfiltration. No evidence of backdoors, hardcoded credentials, or obfuscation is found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}