{
  "purpose": "The code compares two Snowpark DataFrames or Snowflake tables for data discrepancies, generating detailed reports on differences, nulls, and mismatches.",
  "sources": "Reads data from Snowflake tables via Snowpark API or from provided DataFrame objects; reads report templates from external files.",
  "sinks": "Outputs logs, HTML reports, and CSV-like data files; no network activity or external data exfiltration observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from Snowflake or DataFrames into comparison functions, then into report generation modules, with file outputs and logs as final steps.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious behaviors detected. Uses standard libraries and controlled dependencies.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured, well-documented utility for comparing Snowflake datasets, performing validation, and generating reports. It uses standard SQL and Python constructs, with optional dependencies for Snowpark. No signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or sabotage are present. The external template file reads are benign and typical for report formatting. The functions handle nulls, data types, and comparison tolerances appropriately. No network activity or external command execution is observed. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1) are consistent with the code's behavior and structure.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, open-source data comparison utility for Snowflake environments. It contains no malicious logic, backdoors, or obfuscation. The security risk is minimal, primarily due to standard file I/O for report templates. The malware and obfuscation scores are correctly set to zero, and the low risk score (around 0.1) is justified. Overall, the code is safe, well-structured, and suitable for production use in data validation contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}