{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionalities to compare two Snowpark DataFrames or Snowflake tables, generating reports on data differences and similarities.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from Snowflake tables or Snowpark DataFrames; also reads template files for report generation.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include log messages, generated reports (including HTML), and SQL queries executed via session.sql(). The code does not write to external systems or perform network activity.",
  "flows": "Input data is loaded via session.table() or passed as DataFrames; data is processed through comparison functions, with intermediate data stored in DataFrames, culminating in report generation or exception raising.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no suspicious URL or network activity; no code injection or obfuscated code present; report generation relies on external template files, which are not suspicious; no backdoors or malicious logic observed.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard data comparison techniques on Snowflake data, including join, difference, and null checks. All operations are typical for data validation workflows. The import of snowflake modules is conditional and documented as optional. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or hidden behaviors are present. The functions involve file I/O for report templates and report output, which are common and benign. There are no indications of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code intent. The use of logging is standard for debugging and reporting purposes. Overall, the code is a legitimate data comparison utility with no malicious indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a data comparison utility for Snowflake data, involving standard data operations, report generation, and logging. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate, open-source data validation tool without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}