{
  "purpose": "This code provides methods for manipulating and extracting information from SQLAlchemy 1.4/2.0 ORM and Core query results, including custom result row types and internal data trimming.",
  "sources": "None of the functions read untrusted input directly; the code mainly processes ORM query objects, result rows, and internal SQLAlchemy structures.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs and manipulates result tuples and rows, which are not directly used for executing system commands or network operations.",
  "flows": "The functions take ORM query objects or result rows as input, process internal attributes, and produce customized result types or trimmed rows, without executing untrusted code or external commands.",
  "anomalies": "The code accesses internal attributes (_compile_state, _entities, _keymap, etc.) of SQLAlchemy objects, which may be version-dependent or considered internal APIs, but there is no malicious logic. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The code appears to be intended for internal use for result processing.",
  "analysis": "The code focuses on extracting column keys from ORM queries, creating custom result row types, and trimming extra columns from rows. It uses internal SQLAlchemy attributes, which might be risky if API changes occur but are not inherently malicious. No suspicious network or system commands are present. No data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected. The functions are intended for result manipulation within a safe context.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of result processing utilities for SQLAlchemy ORM and Core. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The internal attribute access suggests it is designed for internal or library use, not for malicious purposes. No security risks are evident beyond potential dependence on internal APIs that might change.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}