{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and class extensions for manipulating and extracting information from SQLAlchemy 1.4/2.0 query results and rows, mainly for internal or advanced usage scenarios.",
  "sources": "The code reads internal attributes of SQLAlchemy query objects, result rows, and metadata. It accesses query descriptions, compile states, entity labels, and row data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include returning modified rows, creating custom result types, and modifying internal row data structures. These could influence data processing or leakage if misused.",
  "flows": "Data flows from query compilation and description to result row processing, including extraction, trimming, and reformatting of result data based on internal query state and row metadata.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The code directly accesses internal attributes like _compile_state, _entities, _parent, _data, _key_to_index, and _keymap, which are typically considered internal. The use of lambda for result_type and the custom TruncatedRow class may be slightly unconventional but are not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily interacts with SQLAlchemy's internal attributes to customize result processing, such as extracting column keys, creating custom result tuple types, trimming extra columns from rows, and normalizing query objects. It relies on internal attributes like _compile_state, _entities, and _parent, which are part of SQLAlchemy's internal API, not public, but do not directly perform network communication or file manipulation. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious control flow. The functions are for internal data manipulation, with no hardcoded credentials or network operations. The code appears to be designed for advanced result handling without any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for SQLAlchemy internal result processing. It accesses internal attributes but does not perform any malicious actions or contain malware. The purpose seems to be customization or internal tooling. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. The code is low risk, with only moderate reliance on internal, non-public APIs.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}