{
  "purpose": "Provides Unicode character data lookup functions, including name, category, bidirectional class, numeric values, decomposition, case transformations, block, script, and property alias conversions.",
  "sources": "Reads data from imported dictionaries such as unicode_data_to_* and property_value_alias_*; reads input characters via the 'chr' parameter and their ordinal values via 'ord'.",
  "sinks": "Returns strings, integers, or floats based on character data; raises exceptions in some functions; performs lookups on potentially externalized data structures.",
  "flows": "Input character 'chr' → 'ord(chr)' → data lookup in unicode_data_to_* or property_value_alias_* → output or exception.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exception handling for KeyError; possible redundant sorting of dictionary keys in each function; no evidence of code injection, dynamic code execution, or network operations. No hardcoded secrets or credentials. No backdoors or obfuscated code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code consists primarily of data lookup functions that access preloaded Unicode data structures. Each function retrieves character properties based on the Unicode code point. The functions employ standard data access patterns with exception handling to manage missing data. No code constructs suggest malicious intent, such as network communication, file modification, or covert channels. The repeated sorting of dictionary keys in each function may be inefficient but is not inherently malicious. The code's structure indicates a static data-driven design without obfuscation or hidden behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a Unicode data lookup module that performs standard, safe data retrieval operations. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. It appears to be a legitimate, read-only data access implementation. The security risk is minimal, and no malicious intent is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}