{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python client interface for connecting to HiveServer2 and Impala services, executing SQL queries, and handling results. It facilitates database operations and fetches metadata and profiling info.",
  "sources": "Data inputs originate from method parameters, such as SQL statements, configuration dicts, connection parameters (host, port, credentials), and responses from remote RPC calls within the Thrift protocol communication.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could reach sinks through returned query results, logs, or responses from RPC calls. These include SQL query strings, operation logs, profiles, or error messages. Malicious data could be included in responses from server or injected into logs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs (SQL queries, connection parameters) to remote RPC calls. Responses are fetched and processed into result objects or logs. Data from server responses flows into result batches, logs, or exception raising points. There is also flow from method parameters into RPC request objects, and responses back into the caller after processing.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains no obfuscated or intentionally malicious constructs. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. Use of dynamic code execution or reflective features is absent. No unusual or suspicious behavior such as network exfiltration, system modification, or hidden backdoors is evident. Exception handling is standard, and no data leakage mechanisms are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive client library implementing a standard interface for HiveServer2 and Impala via Thrift. It manages connections, sessions, queries, and result fetching with typical patterns. There is no evidence of malicious code, such as code injection, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. All RPCs and data handling appear to be standard protocol implementations. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The use of logs and exception handling follows best practices without suspicious behavior. The code is well-structured, with clear separation of concerns, and does not contain obfuscation or malware indicators. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate, open-source database client library.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, legitimate client interface for HiveServer2 and Impala using Thrift protocols. It exhibits no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage. The code follows normal patterns for database connectivity, query execution, and result handling without suspicious behaviors. Security risks are minimal and typical of client libraries. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}