{
  "purpose": "This code implements a client interface for connecting to HiveServer2 and Impala services, executing SQL queries, managing sessions, fetching results, and processing query metadata.",
  "sources": "User inputs via method parameters such as 'operation', 'parameters', 'statement', 'schema', 'db_name', 'table', and configuration dictionaries; network responses from Thrift RPC calls; environment variables for user info; internal method calls and session management functions.",
  "sinks": "RPC calls to the HiveServer2 and Impala services; network responses which could include query results, logs, profiles, and error messages; internal method calls that may modify session state or execute commands.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sources) are used in RPC request constructions; RPC responses (sinks) are processed to fetch data or status; control flows execute queries, fetch logs, check statuses, and manage session states; results are processed into batches and returned to callers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns identified. The code primarily manages network communication and data handling. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. Exception handling is standard. No unexpected data leaks or privacy violations detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard client-server operations with thorough session and operation management. It uses standard RPC protocols with retries and error handling, ensuring robustness. No code patterns indicative of malicious intent, such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden data leaks, are present. The code's purpose is consistent with legitimate database interaction. No suspicious or malicious behavior identified.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured client implementation for HiveServer2 and Impala interactions. It manages queries, sessions, and result fetching securely and transparently. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. The code is consistent with its purpose as a database client library.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}