{
  "purpose": "The code is a Python wrapper for interacting with a Nexus database API, providing methods for authentication, data retrieval, and data modification.",
  "sources": "Reads data primarily from environment variables, function parameters, response content, request headers, and configuration attributes such as API keys, usernames, passwords, and request data.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include network requests (via requests.request), logging sensitive information, and data returned from responses. The code writes to logs and sends data over HTTP requests.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters or environment/config variables (source) through methods that construct requests, then over the network via requests.request, and finally into response handling and logging. Sensitive data such as API keys, credentials, and request bodies are used in request headers and payloads.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code or suspicious language features. The code does handle credentials securely via base64 encoding and does not directly expose them. There are no hidden backdoors or malicious command executions. The only notable concern is the logging of potentially sensitive request data, which could leak secrets if logs are not secured.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard API client wrapper with methods for authentication, request handling, and CRUD operations. It encodes credentials securely, performs network requests with proper headers, and processes responses. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or backdoors are detected. The code does log debug information, which could be a risk if logs are improperly secured, but this is a common practice. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code patterns are found. Overall, the code appears to implement a legitimate API client without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical API wrapper with no indications of malicious behavior or malware. It handles credentials and requests securely, performs standard operations, and does not exhibit suspicious patterns. The primary security consideration is ensuring logs are protected to prevent leakage of sensitive information. Overall, it is safe and not malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}