{
  "purpose": "This code implements the WebSocket frame handling according to RFC 6455, enabling framing, masking, and parsing of WebSocket messages.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include bytes received during parsing (via the generator 'parser' method), and potentially external input to the build method if called with external data (though not explicitly shown).",
  "sinks": "The code processes input data and produces byte sequences for WebSocket frames. Sinks include the build method output (bytes) and the unmask method which operates on data. No external data sinks (like network or file output) are directly visible.",
  "flows": "Input bytes are received during parsing (from network), processed through the generator, and transformed via unmasking or frame building. The unmask function XORs data with the masking key. The build method assembles frames for sending.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. The code's functionality aligns with standard WebSocket framing and parsing logic. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code adheres to RFC 6455 for WebSocket framing, with proper handling of frame headers, payload lengths, masking, and control frames. Input data is processed securely with boundary checks. The unmask method performs a straightforward XOR operation, and the build method correctly constructs frame bytes. No malicious data leakage, backdoors, or malicious behavior is evident. The code performs standard protocol operations without any suspicious logic or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of WebSocket frame processing. It performs necessary validation and data handling without any signs of malicious intent or security risks. The absence of suspicious behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or unintended data leaks indicates a low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}