{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to recover deleted or overwritten blobs in Azure Blob Storage by restoring snapshots or versions, effectively providing data recovery functionalities.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'prefix' (string or AzurePath) for listing blobs, and 'restore_dt' for specifying the restore time. These are used within various functions for data retrieval and decision making.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the HTTP requests to Azure Blob Storage for undelete, promote, delete snapshot, and recovery operations, which can lead to data modification or deletion. The code issues commands that alter storage states based on retrieved metadata.",
  "flows": "Sources (e.g., prefix, restore_dt) influence control flow and determine whether recovery actions are performed. Data retrieved from Azure (listings, metadata) flows into decision points that trigger HTTP requests to modify storage (undelete, promote, delete snapshots).",
  "anomalies": "The code contains some comments indicating experimental or untested status. There is a reliance on assert statements which could crash if assumptions fail, but no hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are evident. Use of 'repr' and verbose string manipulations are notable but not suspicious per se. No obfuscation is apparent; code structure appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The script performs Azure Blob Storage recovery operations, including listing blobs, their snapshots and versions, and potentially restoring blobs to previous states. It uses asynchronous HTTP requests to Azure endpoints, with functions to undelete, promote snapshots/versions, and delete snapshots as needed. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found; authentication details seem to be externalized via 'azure_auth_req'. The comments suggest this is experimental code, possibly not thoroughly tested. The code’s flow is straightforward: it lists versions/snapshots, determines the appropriate recovery candidate based on a restore timestamp, and performs the recovery operations accordingly. No malicious or suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious system modifications are evident. The logic is aligned with intended recovery features, not malicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a non-malicious, experimental Azure Blob Storage recovery utility. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. Its purpose is to restore blob states based on snapshots or versions, with proper use of Azure APIs. No security risks such as hardcoded secrets or backdoors are detected. It appears safe for its intended purpose, with no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}