{
  "purpose": "This code is an experimental utility designed to recover deleted or overwritten data in Azure Blob Storage by listing blobs, undeleting, promoting specific versions or snapshots, and deleting snapshots as needed.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from Azure Blob Storage via REST API calls, including listing blobs, retrieving version/snapshot information, and metadata from API responses.",
  "sinks": "The code performs HTTP requests to Azure endpoints to undelete blobs, promote versions or snapshots, and delete snapshots, which can modify or delete data in the storage account.",
  "flows": "Data flows from listing blobs and their versions/snapshots (sources), through decision logic based on timestamps and status, to API requests that modify blob states (sinks), such as undeleting or deleting snapshots.",
  "anomalies": "The code is marked as experimental and untested, uses assertions without comprehensive error handling, and contains print statements for status updates. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscation are present. The typo in 'execute_reponseless()' appears to be a minor mistake but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code performs legitimate Azure Blob Storage recovery operations using REST API calls, with clear logic for selecting versions or snapshots based on timestamps. It lacks malicious payloads, backdoors, or covert channels. The assertions and experimental comments suggest caution but do not imply malicious behavior. The destructive operations (undelete, delete snapshots) are aligned with data recovery purposes. No obfuscation or suspicious patterns are detected. The security risk is low but non-zero due to potential data loss if misused. The malware score is zero, consistent with the absence of malicious activity. The code's overall structure and intent indicate a legitimate recovery utility rather than malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, experimental Azure Blob Storage recovery tool with no signs of malware, obfuscation, or malicious intent. Its destructive capabilities pose operational risks if misused, but these are inherent to recovery functions, not malicious sabotage. The low security risk score of approximately 0.2 accurately reflects this. Proper safeguards and validation are recommended before deployment. Overall, the supply chain security posture is sound, with no malicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}