{
  "purpose": "The code aims to recover deleted or overwritten data in Azure Blob Storage by listing, undeleting, and restoring blob versions or snapshots.",
  "sources": "Reads include input parameters for paths, restore timestamps, and data from the 'xml_page_iterator' function. Data is also retrieved from Azure responses during API requests.",
  "sinks": "Potentially modifies blobs via undelete, promote, delete snapshot, or restore actions. Writes are performed through HTTP PUT and DELETE requests to Azure endpoints, and print statements for status updates.",
  "flows": "Data flows from listing versions/snapshots to selecting candidates based on restore timestamps, then performing undelete, promote, or delete snapshot actions depending on conditions.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains untested experimental comments, asserts without handling errors, and no explicit validation of input data. It relies heavily on external modules without internal validation, which could be exploited if malicious inputs are fed. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code patterns detected. No obfuscated code present.",
  "analysis": "The script is designed for Azure blob recovery, utilizing asynchronous requests to manage versions and snapshots. It includes logic for selecting suitable blob states based on timestamps, and performing recovery operations. The code appears to be standard API interaction code, with no evidence of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads. No unsafe code practices like insecure eval or code injection are evident. The use of print statements for user feedback and assert statements for control flow suggest the code is for controlled environments, not malicious intent. Overall, the functions perform standard Azure recovery tasks with no suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is an experimental Azure blob recovery tool with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected. It performs legitimate cloud storage operations without engaging in data theft, system compromise, or covert channels. It is not obfuscated, and no malware indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}