{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to recover deleted or overwritten data in Azure Blob Storage by listing, undeleting, and restoring blobs using versioning and snapshots.",
  "sources": "Reads data from Azure Blob Storage via HTTP requests, including listing blobs, versions, snapshots, and performing undelete and copy operations; utilizes environment variables or configuration for authentication.",
  "sinks": "Performs blob undelete, copying, and deletion actions via HTTP requests with potentially elevated permissions; executes async network requests that modify storage states.",
  "flows": "Sources (Azure Blob Storage requests) lead to sinks (modification requests such as undelete, promote, delete); flows include listing blobs to identify targets, then executing undelete or restore actions based on blob metadata and user input.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; code is marked as experimental and not fully tested; involves potentially destructive operations (undelete, delete, promote) but driven by user-controlled parameters. No obfuscated code, malicious obfuscation patterns, or suspicious function behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is an implementation of blob recovery functionality in Azure Storage, using REST API requests. It handles listing versions and snapshots, undeleting blobs, promoting versions, deleting snapshots, and restoring blobs to previous states. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible; authentication is abstracted via imported modules. The operations are consistent with legitimate recovery workflows and do not include covert data exfiltration, system damage, or unauthorized access patterns. The code's purpose is to recover data, not to harm or surreptitiously collect data. It employs async network requests properly and manages blob states carefully. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate, albeit experimental, recovery utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code performs Azure blob recovery operations in a controlled and intended manner, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is designed for data recovery and does not include any malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The code is experimental, but functionality aligns with legitimate use cases. No security risks or malware indications are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}