{
  "purpose": "The code aims to recover deleted or overwritten data in Azure Blob Storage by leveraging Azure's versioning and soft-delete features.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'prefix' parameter (string or AzurePath), restore date ('restore_dt'), and data fetched via XML parsing from Azure's REST API responses.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are HTTP requests to Azure Blob Storage (PUT, DELETE) that perform undelete, promote, delete, and copy operations, possibly altering stored data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from Azure API responses (versions, snapshots info) through logic that determines whether to undelete or restore blobs, then performs corresponding HTTP requests to Azure endpoints to modify blob states.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no obvious hardcoded credentials or secrets; it is well-structured with comments. The use of 'assert' statements enforces assumptions about data consistency. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is present. The only notable feature is its experimental nature and the possibility to perform destructive operations like undelete and delete.",
  "analysis": "The code interfaces with Azure Blob Storage to list versions and snapshots, then conditionally restores blobs by undeleting and copying versions or snapshots. It uses standard Azure REST API requests for undelete, copy, delete, and promote operations. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system harm mechanisms are evident. It relies on legitimate Azure REST APIs and standard libraries. The code is well-structured and documented, with no signs of obfuscation or hidden malicious intent. Its main concern is the potential for destructive actions if misused, but this appears to be by design for data recovery, not malicious purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for Azure blob data recovery and employs legitimate API interactions without any malicious intent. It includes mechanisms to undelete, restore, and delete blobs as part of data recovery processes. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. However, due to its ability to perform destructive actions, it should be used carefully and only in trusted environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}