{
  "purpose": "This code enforces a minimum required version of Apache Airflow (2.9.0+) for the package 'apache-airflow-providers-papermill'. It performs a straightforward version check and raises an error if the environment does not meet this requirement.",
  "sources": "The code reads the imported 'airflow.__version__' to determine the current Airflow version.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks where untrusted data is processed or could lead to data leaks or malicious effects; the code only raises an exception if the version requirement is not met.",
  "flows": "The source ('airflow.__version__') flows into the version comparison logic; if the condition is not satisfied, it triggers a RuntimeError, terminating execution.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies are present. The code is standard, auto-generated, with license headers, and performs a simple version check. No obfuscation, malicious patterns, or suspicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a benign, auto-generated dependency validation script. It imports the 'airflow' module version, assigns a package version, and compares the current Airflow version against a minimum required version (2.9.0). If the installed version is below this threshold, it raises a RuntimeError. The logic is straightforward, with no dynamic code execution, network activity, or handling of untrusted input. The license headers and comments are standard. The version comparison uses 'packaging.version.parse' correctly, albeit with a slight redundancy. No signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are present. The code serves solely to enforce dependency constraints, which is a common and safe practice.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign dependency validation script with no malicious, obfuscated, or security-risk behavior. The assigned scores of malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, and security risk: 0 are appropriate and consistent with the code's behavior. No modifications or concerns are necessary.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}