{
  "purpose": "The code defines advanced type annotation constructs, helper functions, and compatibility layers for Python's typing system, including support for protocols, generics, and new type hints. It serves to extend and backport typing features for various Python versions.",
  "sources": "The code reads system version info, imports from standard and typing modules, and accesses attributes of the typing module, collections, sys, and other standard libraries. It also reads global variables during class creation and from the execution frame.",
  "sinks": "There are no direct sinks that process untrusted data or perform data leakage. No network, file, or external system interactions are present. No handling of untrusted inputs is evident beyond type annotations.",
  "flows": "The code mainly establishes class and function definitions, with internal helper functions managing type annotations, class construction, and compatibility. No flow from untrusted input to sensitive operations is visible.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive compatibility handling with different Python versions, including dynamic class creation, manipulation of internal typing attributes, and use of exec() for defining classes. It defines internal classes for type constructs with no runtime checks, purely for static analysis support. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of complex, version-dependent definitions for typing extensions, including classes like Protocol, Final, Literal, and others, along with helper functions. It leverages dynamic class creation, internal typing module attributes, and conditional imports to support a broad Python version range. All logic pertains to static type annotations and compatibility, with no evidence of malicious behavior. The extensive compatibility code, while complex, is standard for type extension modules and does not perform any harmful operations. No network, file I/O, or data exfiltration code is present. The code avoids runtime evaluation of untrusted inputs and uses only safe standard library functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of typing extensions, focusing on static type hints and backward compatibility. It contains no malicious or sabotage elements. Its complexity and version-dependent constructs are typical for such type extension modules and do not suggest malicious intent or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}