{
  "purpose": "This script defines and registers a custom colormap ('sauron') and its reversed version ('sauron_r') for use with Matplotlib, and demonstrates their usage with example images.",
  "sources": "The code reads predefined arrays for color control points and data from numpy's array creation functions. It also reads the list of existing colormaps from matplotlib to avoid duplicate registration.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks where untrusted data flows into potentially dangerous operations or system effects. The code solely manipulates internal data structures for colormap creation and visualization.",
  "flows": "The source of data (color control points) is processed to create colormaps, which are then used for rendering images with Matplotlib. The flow is from predefined arrays to colormap registration and then to plotting.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation. The code includes only legitimate plotting and colormap registration logic, with no network or system modification activities.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with metadata comments, followed by imports of standard plotting and numerical libraries. It defines a function 'register_sauron_colormap()' that creates and registers two colormaps ('sauron' and 'sauron_r') if they are not already registered, by constructing color lookup tables from predefined RGB arrays. The arrays are used to define color gradients, with symmetric properties. The script includes an example usage within the '__main__' block that generates a simple test image, registers the colormap, and displays two images with the colormap applied. No malicious behavior or security risks are present; the code performs standard data visualization tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is purely for creating and visualizing custom colormaps in Matplotlib, with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security vulnerabilities. It includes standard practices for colormap registration and plotting. There is no evidence of harmful behavior or security threats.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}