{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions to build and export Python code snippets related to data visualization and querying within the dtale framework, mainly for interactive data analysis and visualization in notebooks.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from global_state (get_history, get_settings, get_context_variables, get_dataset, get_dataset_dim, get_query) and input parameters such as data_id, imports, and query strings. It also processes dataset and configuration information stored in global_state.",
  "sinks": "Generated code strings that include data querying, DataFrame setup, and visualization commands. These outputs could potentially execute queries or data manipulations when run, but there are no direct sinks like network calls, file writes, or system commands within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from global_state functions and input parameters into the assembled code snippets, which are returned as a list of code lines. These snippets can execute queries, process datasets, or generate visualization code when run, but there are no explicit malicious sinks or external data exfiltration points.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior detected. The code primarily constructs code snippets for visualization and querying purposes. There is a reliance on global_state, but no unusual or malicious code patterns are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code assembles Python code snippets for data visualization and querying within the dtale framework by extracting stored history, settings, dataset information, and query parameters. It carefully builds code for dataset setup, query execution, sorting, and visualization export. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious payloads, or external network activity. The functions serve legitimate purposes in an interactive data analysis environment. No external or unsafe code execution mechanisms are present, and the code appears to be safe and straightforward.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility module for constructing data analysis scripts in the dtale environment. It does not contain malicious intent, obfuscated code, or suspicious behavior. It operates within the expected scope of data visualization and querying code generation, with no evident security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}