{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to parse, validate, and normalize email addresses, including handling internationalized addresses, domain literals, and length constraints.",
  "sources": "Reads input email addresses in functions like split_email, validate_email_local_part, validate_email_domain_name, and validate_email_domain_literal.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks for untrusted data are present; the code performs validation and normalization without executing or transmitting data externally.",
  "flows": "Input email addresses are parsed and validated step-by-step through splitting, character validation, normalization, and length checks. The data flow is strictly internal, from input to validation outcomes.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation are present. The code uses standard libraries and regular expressions for validation. No suspicious external network activity or hidden behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code thoroughly validates email syntax, length, and domain names using standard libraries (re, idna, ipaddress). It handles complex cases such as quoted local parts, internationalized addresses, and IPv4/IPv6 literals. There are no signs of malicious behavior; all operations are focused on validation and normalization. The code does not execute external commands, access network resources, or contain hidden backdoors. All external library usage (idna, ipaddress) is appropriate and standard for email validation. No obfuscated code or malicious payloads are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs comprehensive, standard email address validation and normalization. It contains no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. Its purpose is legitimate, focusing on ensuring email syntax and domain correctness. Overall, it appears safe with no security threats identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}