{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to validate, parse, and normalize email addresses, including local parts, domain names, and address literals, ensuring compliance with email RFC standards.",
  "sources": "Data sources include the input email string provided to the split_email function and data read from environment variables or external inputs through function parameters. The code also uses external libraries (re, unicodedata, idna, ipaddress) to process and normalize data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include raising exceptions (EmailSyntaxError) upon detecting invalid data, which could be exploited if errors leak sensitive details. However, no data is directly sent over the network or written to external systems within this code. No unsafe code execution or data leakage points are identified.",
  "flows": "The main data flow begins with input email strings being split into parts, validated for syntax, unsafe characters, length, and domain correctness, then normalized and encoded. Errors or exceptions are raised if validation fails at any step, preventing further processing. External libraries (idna, ipaddress) process parts of the data for normalization and validation.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are present. The code uses exception handling properly. No suspicious network connections or system modifications are observed. There is thorough validation, with no code that performs external communication or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code implements comprehensive email validation, including parsing local parts and domain names, handling quoted strings, Unicode, and internationalized addresses. It employs regexes for syntax checks, uses Unicode normalization, IDNA for international domains, and carefully validates character safety and length limits. The functions avoid executing external commands or network calls. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data handling are found. The code appears to serve a strictly validation and parsing purpose with robust safety measures.",
  "conclusion": "This source code performs detailed, standards-compliant email address validation and normalization without any evident malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain network activity, data leakage, or backdoors. All operations are contained within validation logic, focusing on correctness and security of email address parsing.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}