{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to validate, parse, and normalize email addresses, including domain and local parts, ensuring compliance with relevant RFC standards.",
  "sources": "Input email address string provided to functions like split_email(), local parts and domain parts extracted during parsing, environment variables (if used outside this code), and external modules (re, unicodedata, idna, ipaddress).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include raising exceptions with detailed error messages, and the use of idna library for Unicode normalization and encoding which could be exploited if malicious input is crafted. No network, file, or environment variable interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Input string flows into split_email() for parsing; parsed local and domain parts flow through validation functions such as validate_email_local_part() and validate_email_domain_name(); unsafe characters are checked via check_unsafe_chars(); errors are raised if invalid. The flow is primarily validation and normalization without side effects or external data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious or suspicious code patterns identified. The code contains comprehensive validation with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or covert behaviors. The usage of external libraries appears appropriate and standard. No obfuscated code or malicious payloads are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code meticulously performs email syntax validation per RFC standards, including parsing display names, local parts, and domain parts, with detailed character and length checks. Unicode normalization via idna library is used appropriately for internationalized domains. Exception handling is employed to prevent invalid inputs. No network access, system command execution, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code’s behavior aligns with standard email validation routines and does not exhibit malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a comprehensive email address validation module with no indicators of malicious or sabotage behavior. It employs standard validation techniques, external libraries, and exception handling to ensure RFC compliance. There are no suspicious or malicious patterns detected, and the code appears secure and well-structured.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}