{
  "purpose": "This code implements a simple local HTTP server to handle OAuth 2.0 redirect responses, extract access tokens from URL fragments, and display appropriate success or error pages.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the URL query string and URL hash fragment in incoming HTTP GET requests.",
  "sinks": "The code writes HTML pages to the client's browser and stores query parameters, including the access token, in the server's query_params attribute.",
  "flows": "The server receives an HTTP GET request, parses the URL query string, and if an access_token is present, stores it in server.query_params and displays a success page; otherwise, displays an error page. The embedded JavaScript extracts the access_token from the URL fragment and redirects to the server with the token in the query string.",
  "anomalies": "The embedded JavaScript accesses window.location.hash and redirects to a local server URL, which is standard in OAuth implicit flow. The server code stores received parameters without validation but does not process or transmit them elsewhere. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation. The code is straightforward and uses standard libraries for handling OAuth redirects.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement a typical OAuth 2.0 implicit flow handler. It serves HTML pages for successful, error, and redirect states, and extracts tokens from URL fragments via JavaScript. The server captures query parameters including access tokens, storing them in a server attribute. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or backdoors. The code does not handle or transmit sensitive data beyond local storage. The JavaScript used for token extraction is standard and does not perform any malicious actions. The server allows reuse to prevent port conflicts and does not log messages, reducing potential information leakage.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a local OAuth redirect handler. It does not contain malicious behavior or suspicious anomalies. It correctly handles OAuth redirect flows and stores tokens locally for further use. The implementation is straightforward with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}