{
  "purpose": "The code implements a local HTTP server to handle OAuth 2.0 redirect callbacks, extract access tokens from URL fragments, and serve appropriate HTML pages based on the success or failure of the OAuth flow.",
  "sources": "Reads incoming GET requests and URL query strings, specifically parsing URL fragments (hash part) for access tokens.",
  "sinks": "Writes HTML responses including success, error, and token extraction pages. Also performs URL decoding and query parsing.",
  "flows": "Handles GET requests, extracts query parameters, especially 'access_token', and serves corresponding HTML pages. The JavaScript on EXTRACT_TOKEN_PAGE reads URL hash, extracts 'access_token', and redirects with token in query string.",
  "anomalies": "The script includes a client-side JavaScript snippet that parses URL hash to retrieve tokens, which could potentially be misused if embedded malicious scripts or if the token handling were insecure. However, the code itself does not contain hardcoded secrets or backdoors. The server does not perform any external network requests or store tokens; it simply captures and serves OAuth tokens.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of an OAuth redirect handler, with functions to parse query strings, extract access tokens, and serve HTML pages based on success or failure. The JavaScript is designed to parse URL hash fragments for tokens, which is standard in OAuth implicit flows. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious network activity are present. The server only handles local redirect requests and does not perform any malicious actions or data exfiltration. The code's design is consistent with common OAuth redirect handlers and does not contain obfuscation or malware characteristics.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical OAuth redirect handler intended for local token capture during OAuth flows. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The JavaScript used for token extraction is standard and does not exhibit obfuscation or malicious intent. Overall, it appears safe and purpose-specific.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}