{
  "purpose": "This code implements a simple HTTP server to handle OAuth 2.0 redirection and token extraction, serving static HTML pages for success, error, and redirecting states.",
  "sources": "The server reads URL path query parameters using urlparse and parse_qs when handling GET requests.",
  "sinks": "The server writes HTML responses to the client, including conditional content based on presence of 'access_token'. It also uses window.location.href in client-side JavaScript to redirect based on token presence.",
  "flows": "Input from URL query string (via urlparse) is processed and stored in server.query_params. If 'access_token' is found, a success page is returned; otherwise, an error page. The client-side JavaScript parses URL fragment to check for 'access_token' and redirects if found.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns; the client-side JavaScript performs token extraction and redirect in a standard manner. The server handles token passing securely within the session context. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code appears to be designed solely for OAuth redirect handling.",
  "analysis": "The server is a straightforward implementation of an OAuth 2.0 redirect handler. It serves static HTML pages for success, error, and redirecting states. The server extracts query parameters from the URL and stores them, particularly focusing on 'access_token'. The client-side script parses the URL fragment to extract the token and performs a redirect. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The use of standard libraries and straightforward logic indicates a benign purpose aligned with OAuth flow handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a local OAuth redirect handler. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to serve a legitimate purpose related to OAuth token retrieval without any suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}