{
  "purpose": "Provides decorators for logging HTTP request and response details, including execution time, headers, URL, method, and optionally request/response bodies, primarily for debugging and monitoring purposes within a client class.",
  "sources": "Request object (headers, body, method, URL), response object (headers, status code, body, elapsed time), class attributes (logger, is_log_req_resp_allowed).",
  "sinks": "Logs generated via the logger, potentially exposing sensitive request/response data if logging is enabled for bodies.",
  "flows": "Decorator wraps functions; on invocation, it retrieves request/response info, logs details based on flags, measures execution time, and handles exceptions, passing through results or raising errors.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation. Minor potential issue: direct access to 'x-correlation-id' header without existence check, which could raise KeyError.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard logging decorator pattern, capturing request/response metadata and timing. It conditionally logs request and response bodies based on a flag, which could lead to sensitive data exposure if not managed properly. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or external malicious communication are present. The use of dynamic attribute access is typical for such utilities. The main security concern is the potential leakage of sensitive data through logs, not malicious intent. The code is well-structured, with exception handling and timing measurement. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1-0.3) are appropriate given the benign nature but potential data exposure risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard logging utility designed for HTTP request/response monitoring. It does not contain malware, obfuscation, or malicious logic. The primary security consideration is the potential exposure of sensitive data via logs, which is a common trade-off in such utilities but not indicative of malicious activity. The assigned scores are consistent with the analysis, with malware and obfuscation scores at zero and a low to moderate risk score reflecting data leakage concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}