{
  "purpose": "The code provides a logging decorator for HTTP request responses and a utility to decorate all methods in a class, primarily for debugging and monitoring purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads data from function parameters, response objects (headers, url, body, status code), and potentially environment if logger or client attributes are externally configured.",
  "sinks": "Logs data to a logger (could potentially expose sensitive info if logs contain request/response bodies), and raises exceptions.",
  "flows": "Wrapped functions may process requests and responses, logging details including request URL, response status, headers, and bodies if allowed. Errors are logged with exception details.",
  "anomalies": "Code does not contain obfuscated patterns. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious API calls are visible. Logging of request and response bodies is conditional, which could leak sensitive data if not properly controlled.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on logging HTTP responses and decorating class methods. It does not include any network connections or data exfiltration mechanisms. The get_ava_log_entry function conditionally logs request and response data, which if misconfigured, might leak sensitive info. The decorators are standard and do not perform any dynamic code execution or obfuscation. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as hidden backdoors, data theft, or remote command execution. The overall structure and usage are consistent with debugging tools, not malware. However, logging request and response bodies can be risky if sensitive data is present and not filtered.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign logging utility intended for debugging and monitoring HTTP requests. It does not contain malware, malicious backdoors, or obfuscated code. The main security concern is the potential exposure of sensitive data via logs if not properly managed, but this is a common risk with logging implementations rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}