{
  "purpose": "This code is a setup script for a Python package, reading metadata such as version and maintainer info from files and passing them to setuptools.setup.",
  "sources": "Reads __init__.py for version info, reads files for long description, uses static data for setup parameters.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sources or external inputs; no network or external command execution; data flows are from local files to setup configuration.",
  "flows": "File reads (sources) supply data to setup() parameters; no external or untrusted data flows to critical functions.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable and function names, which could be an attempt to conceal details but do not indicate malicious intent; no secrets or secrets handling observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard setup script with obfuscated identifiers. It reads package metadata from local files and passes them to setuptools.setup. No malicious behaviors such as network activity, code injection, or data exfiltration are present. The regex used for extracting version info is straightforward and safe if the __init__.py is well-formed. The obfuscation of variable names is superficial and likely intended to hinder readability but does not imply malicious intent. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is detected. The obfuscated score is high (~0.7-0.8) due to variable name obscurity, but this is not inherently malicious. The security risk score is low (~0.2), reflecting the benign nature of the code. Overall, the code appears to be a typical, obfuscated setup script with no malicious intent or activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard package setup script with obfuscated variable names. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain compromise. The obfuscation is superficial and does not indicate malicious intent. The scores assigned in the reports are justified and consistent with the analysis. No modifications are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}