{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for handling NTLM authentication, TLS certificate retrieval, channel binding tokens, and message validation within an HTTP client context.",
  "sources": "Reads server response objects, including raw socket data, and reads HTTP headers and challenge messages.",
  "sinks": "Potentially exposes server TLS certificates and hashes; does not appear to directly write or modify data to external systems or files.",
  "flows": "Extracts server certificate from response -> hashes certificate -> creates channel binding data -> processes NTLM challenge messages and signatures.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears standard for an authentication-related library. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious API calls are present. The use of 'warnings.warn' for unsupported algorithms is appropriate. No obfuscated code is detected. No indications of backdoors or malicious behavior. The function get_server_cert accesses raw socket attributes directly, which could be sensitive, but is standard for TLS certificate retrieval.",
  "analysis": "The code implements TLS certificate extraction, hashing, and NTLM message validation without any suspicious or malicious constructs. It accesses socket internals to retrieve server certificates, which is necessary but could be sensitive if misused. The functions for handling NTLM challenge messages and signature validation are straightforward and do not perform any malicious actions. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious payloads are present. The warnings and logging are appropriate for debugging and error reporting. Overall, the code is typical of an authentication utility with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility module for NTLM authentication and TLS channel binding. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. It handles sensitive data such as server certificates responsibly, but the certificate extraction method relies on internal socket attributes, which could be sensitive if misused. Overall, the code is safe and free of malware with low security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}