{
  "purpose": "The code loads a YOLO model, preprocesses images, and performs object detection, primarily for recognizing certain classes in images.",
  "sources": "Reads image files from specified paths, loads model files from package resources, and potentially reads environment variables (though none are explicitly used).",
  "sinks": "Writes images to disk, displays images using OpenCV's GUI functions, and deletes temporary image files. No untrusted data flows to network or system commands.",
  "flows": "Image files are loaded, preprocessed, passed to the model for inference, and results are displayed or saved. No network data transmission or command execution observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs path manipulation for cross-platform compatibility but does not include hardcoded credentials, obscure obfuscation, or suspicious behavior. The temporary model loading logic appears standard. The model files are accessed via importlib.resources, which is safe.",
  "analysis": "The script loads a YOLO model dynamically from package resources, preprocesses images with standard OpenCV functions, and performs inference. It modifies pathlib.Path behavior on Windows, which is a typical workaround and not suspicious. Image processing steps like deskewing and contour filtering are standard image pre-processing techniques. The code displays and saves images but does not perform network operations or execute system commands. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code detected. No obfuscation techniques are present. Functions like load_model, load_image, and save_files perform their intended roles with typical library usage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard image preprocessing and object detection script, with no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It safely loads models, processes images, and handles files without suspicious or malicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}