{
  "purpose": "The class TokenCryptor is designed to provide simple encryption and decryption of tokens by substituting characters based on a replacement table and reversing the string.",
  "sources": "The code reads input tokens for encryption and encrypted tokens for decryption via the 'encrypt' and 'decrypt' methods.",
  "sinks": "The methods process input data internally; there are no external sinks like network, file I/O, or system commands present in the code.",
  "flows": "Input tokens are transformed through character substitution, then reversed for encryption; for decryption, the process is reversed by reversing the string and mapping characters back to original ones.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses static, hardcoded replacement tables and simple string reversals without any cryptographically secure techniques or external data sources. No environment variables, external inputs beyond method parameters, or obfuscated code are present. No malicious or suspicious behaviors are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The class performs character substitution based on a predefined replacement table, then reverses the string to produce an 'encrypted' token. Decryption reverses the process, reversing the string again and mapping characters back. The logic is straightforward and does not involve any external I/O, network, or system modifications. No backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads are evident. The code’s security is weak due to simple substitution and reversal, but this does not imply malicious intent. There are no signs of malware or sabotage.\n\nThe code only manipulates data locally within its methods; it does not interact with external systems or execute arbitrary code. The static data structures are not suspicious. No obfuscation, malware, or malicious techniques are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple character substitution cipher with string reversal, serving as a basic (but insecure) encoding scheme. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It appears to be intended for trivial obfuscation or encoding rather than malicious purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}