{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to evaluate user drag-and-drop answers against a correct solution, supporting different answer formats and rules for comparison.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user_answer (JSON string) parsed from user input, and correct_answer which can be a dictionary or list defining correct configurations. Data is read from JSON input, function parameters, and class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted input is mishandled, but no sinks like network or file operations are present. The code primarily processes data in memory. No unsafe evaluation or command execution is observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from JSON parsing of user input into internal data structures. User input is flattened and mapped to internal groups and positions. These are then compared with correct answers through positional comparison functions, with no external system interaction.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior, such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code, is present. The code employs standard JSON handling, data processing, and comparison logic. No hidden or malicious constructs are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code processes user input and correct answers to perform drag-and-drop validation, using classes to compare positions and groupings. It handles different formats and rules, employing logical comparison functions. No external system calls, network access, or command executions are used. The only notable operations are JSON parsing, list/set operations, and coordinate comparisons, all of which are standard and benign. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration or code injection.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured validation module for drag-and-drop answers. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security exploits. It safely processes data in memory and performs logical comparisons without external interactions or risky code patterns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}