{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Python class for deploying an Ethereum node on Amazon Managed Blockchain using AWS CDK constructs. It provides configuration options for network, instance type, and availability zone.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from class constructors, function parameters, and type hints. It imports modules for typing, jsii, and AWS CDK constructs. The primary source of data is the EthereumNode constructor parameters.",
  "sinks": "There are no apparent sinks in the code where untrusted data is processed or could lead to data leaks or security vulnerabilities. The code mainly defines data structures and class properties without executing untrusted code or handling external inputs directly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor parameters to class properties and internal data structures. No external data flows or untrusted input processing pathways are present that could lead to security issues.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes standard patterns for defining CDK constructs, properties, and enums. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code appears straightforward and adheres to typical CDK construct definitions.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a CDK construct class 'EthereumNode' with associated properties and enums for network and instance types. It includes type checking stubs and property getters, consistent with CDK and jsii patterns. No code injection, external command execution, or untrusted data handling is present. The code's purpose is to facilitate resource provisioning in AWS infrastructure. No obfuscation or malware-like behavior is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard infrastructure-as-code construct for deploying Ethereum nodes on AWS Managed Blockchain. It contains no malicious or suspicious behavior, hardcoded credentials, or insecure coding practices. It is safe and intended solely for resource provisioning.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 1
}