{
  "purpose": "This code provides a class for interacting with the KUMA SIEM API, managing sessions, resources, folders, and rules within a security platform.",
  "sources": "User inputs include URLs, usernames, passwords, resource IDs, folder names, tenant IDs, and JSON payloads. External data sources include API responses and file contents.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request methods (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE) transmitting potentially untrusted or manipulated data; file operations for exporting and importing resources; dynamic URL construction with variables.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs or external API responses into request payloads and URL parameters. Sensitive data such as cookies, tokens, or credentials are stored in session headers and cookies. API responses are parsed and used for resource management.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code performs standard API interactions. No suspicious code structures, such as dynamic code execution, obfuscated logic, or hidden backdoors, are detected. There are no indicators of malicious privacy violations, credential theft, or system damage.",
  "analysis": "The script functions as a client library for interacting with a SIEM platform via REST API endpoints. It manages sessions securely, dynamically constructs URLs with variables, and performs resource operations. No code injections, data leaks, or suspicious behaviors are observed. The code includes proper exception handling and logging, with no signs of malicious code or sabotage. The functions focus solely on API communication and resource management within a known security context. Overall, the code appears legitimate and purpose-driven, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard API client for SIEM management with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It securely handles data, manages sessions, and performs resource operations as intended. There are no suspicious signals or behaviors present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}