{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Jupyter notebook grading system, utilizing a language model (litellm) to automatically evaluate student responses, generate feedback, and perform comparative and benchmarking analyses of submissions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from notebook files using nbformat.read, retrieves cell content via get_cell_content, and obtains responses from litellm.completion. It also reads environment variables and metadata within notebooks, but does not include any network or environment variable manipulations.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could influence the prompts sent to the language model, but the code does not directly use untrusted external input beyond notebook content. The only output manipulation occurs within the notebook outputs, where feedback HTML is embedded; no system commands or external data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "Notebook cell content (source) flows into prompt formatting, then into the call_llm method which sends prompts to litellm.completion, then responses are parsed for scoring and feedback, which are written back into notebook cells as outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hard-coded secrets, or obfuscated code are present. The code performs standard data processing, logging, and API calls. There are no backdoors, malicious data exfiltration, or system-disrupting commands.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly functions as a notebook grader with methods for loading notebooks, extracting cell content, forming prompts, calling a language model, parsing responses, and updating notebooks with feedback. All external interactions are limited to the litellm API, which is used for grading purposes. No network connections are made to suspicious domains; no environment variables or system commands are executed; no code injection, data theft, or system manipulation mechanisms are evident. The only potential risk lies in the reliance on an external language model for grading, but this is a benign, intended feature. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage within the code structure or logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of an automated notebook grading system utilizing an external LLM. It contains no malicious or sabotage features. Its functionality is limited to data processing, API communication, and notebook modification, all in a controlled and transparent manner.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}