{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Jupyter notebook grading system using a large language model (LLM) for evaluating student answers against instructor solutions, generating feedback, and analyzing grading consistency across multiple submissions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input files (notebook files) via 'load_notebook' method, which uses 'nbformat.read', and also reads the content of notebook cells via 'get_cell_content'. It also reads configuration and metadata within notebook cells, such as 'metadata' fields for 'nbgrader' attributes.",
  "sinks": "The code sends prompts to the LLM via 'litellm.completion' and processes responses for scoring and feedback. It also writes feedback back into notebooks via adding 'outputs' with HTML feedback, and writes output notebooks to disk with 'nbformat.write'.",
  "flows": "Input notebook data flows from file read ('load_notebook') into cell processing methods, and content is passed to the prompt formatter. The prompt is sent to the LLM ('call_llm'), and the response is parsed ('parse_llm_response') to produce scores and feedback, which are then written back into notebooks. The overall grading results are aggregated and stored.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior observed. Usage of 'litellm' appears standard for prompt-based LLM interaction. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or hidden network connections are present. The code contains comprehensive logging and exception handling.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a secure, structured grading framework leveraging an LLM API for evaluating student answers. It reads notebooks, extracts relevant content, formats prompts, and processes LLM responses for scoring. The process includes mechanisms for handling duplicate grade IDs, generating detailed feedback, and analyzing grading consistency across multiple submissions. All interactions with external resources (notebook files and LLM API) are standard and controlled. There are no signs of data exfiltration, malicious code execution, or hidden backdoors. The code's design is transparent, focusing on grading automation and analysis, with proper error handling and logging.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured grading system utilizing an LLM for assessing student responses and providing feedback. No malicious intent, sabotage, or malicious behavior is detected. It operates within typical parameters for educational tools and API interactions. Overall, the code is safe and does not pose security risks related to malware or supply chain attacks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}