{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a utility for loading and parsing map, tileset, and world data in different formats (JSON or TMX).",
  "sources": "Reading input files via open() function, file parameter used in functions.",
  "sinks": "Parsing functions that process file content, potential data handling but no direct data output or network communication observed.",
  "flows": "Input files are read, then passed to format-specific parsers based on the detected format. No untrusted data flows into sensitive sinks like network, system, or environment variables.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated import names and function/class names. Unusual import structure with nonsensical or placeholder names. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data handling detected. The code uses try-except for error handling, which is standard. No evident malicious code or obfuscation techniques like dynamic code execution or misleading variable names beyond obfuscation. Some inconsistent naming and misspelled error message ('Unknowm').",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily composed of three functions that detect file format based on content and parse accordingly. It employs format detection and exception handling. Import statements include obfuscated names, but their usage appears consistent with legitimate parsing tasks. No network activity, no cryptomining, or data exfiltration detected. The code's structure and content suggest benign utility functions for map and tileset loading. The obfuscation appears superficial, mainly through meaningless variable and class names, possibly to hinder straightforward analysis. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data flows are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for parsing map data files, employing format detection and error handling. It exhibits superficial obfuscation but no malicious intent or security risks are evident. Overall, it appears benign and intended for legitimate parsing tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}