{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python library for Robot Framework to manage Oracle database connections, execute SQL/PLSQL scripts, handle output, and manage timeouts. It facilitates connection switching, script execution, and detailed logging.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters (SQL/PLSQL scripts, connection info, parameters), and external files for scripts. Uses connection objects and cursor methods for data retrieval.",
  "sinks": "Executes SQL/PLSQL commands with user-provided scripts and parameters, which could lead to SQL injection if inputs are malicious. Logs detailed SQL statements with parameters replaced, potentially exposing sensitive data if not managed properly.",
  "flows": "Sources include user inputs and external scripts; flows lead to execution via cursor.execute or callproc, with parameters substituted for logging. Data flows from inputs to database execution, and output is logged or returned.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or hidden backdoors detected. The code replaces parameters only for logging, not for execution, which is standard. No suspicious network activity or malicious logic present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-structured Oracle database utility library for Robot Framework. It manages connections, executes SQL/PLSQL with parameterized queries, and logs outputs. It employs a context manager for query timeouts. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or backdoors. The primary risk involves executing untrusted SQL scripts, which is inherent to such tools but not malicious. The logging of SQL statements with parameters replaced could expose sensitive data if not carefully managed. Overall, the code's logic and structure are transparent and legitimate.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, transparent Oracle database interaction library with no evidence of malware, obfuscation, or malicious intent. The low risk score assigned in the reports (around 0.1-0.2) is appropriate, considering the potential misuse if untrusted inputs are passed, but this is typical for such utility libraries. No modifications to the scores are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}