{
  "purpose": "Analysis of open-source Python dependency for malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks, focusing on patterns like eval/exec, hardcoded credentials, obfuscation, and suspicious network activity.",
  "sources": "Input data from environment variables, untrusted data inputs, hardcoded strings, and potential network or file I/O points.",
  "sinks": "Execution functions like eval()/exec(), network connections, file writes, or data exfiltration points.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input flows into eval()/exec() or network transmission, potentially leading to malicious actions or data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval()/exec() on untrusted data, hardcoded credentials, obfuscated variable names, or code structures that hinder analysis.",
  "analysis": "The code exhibits patterns such as eval()/exec() usage, which are red flags for malicious or insecure behavior, especially if applied to untrusted data. Hardcoded credentials and obfuscation further increase suspicion. Benign code shows straightforward logic with no suspicious network activity or malicious payloads. The confidence in malicious intent is moderate when eval/exec are present without evidence of malicious payloads. Obfuscation scores are assigned based on suspicion levels, and overall security risk reflects the potential for unsafe practices. The absence of malicious patterns in some reports results in low malware scores, while reports indicating suspicious patterns have moderate scores. The scores are consistent with the described behaviors and patterns.",
  "conclusion": "Most code snippets are benign, with low malware and obfuscation scores. Report 1's use of eval()/exec() on untrusted data justifies a moderate security risk score (~0.45) and obfuscated score (~0.4). Overall, the supply chain risk is low to moderate (~0.3), but eval/exec practices warrant caution. The scores across reports are consistent with their descriptions, with the primary concern being potential unsafe eval/exec usage. The overall assessment suggests a low likelihood of active malicious payloads but highlights insecure coding patterns that could be exploited.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}