{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of Pulumi input types and data classes for configuring provider features in an infrastructure as code context, focusing on Azure resource management.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from constructor parameters, optional property setters, and Pulumi's get methods. It does not include external input sources like network, environment variables, or file I/O.",
  "sinks": "The code writes data via 'pulumi.set' calls within constructors and property setters. These do not directly lead to external effects or data leaks; they are standard for Pulumi resource configuration.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor arguments and property setters into Pulumi resource configuration objects via 'pulumi.set'. There are no untrusted input sources or external data flows indicating malicious activity.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a warning comment indicating it was auto-generated by Pulumi Terraform Bridge. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual behaviors are evident. No obfuscation, hidden code, or dynamic code execution is present. The code strictly uses standard data class patterns for infrastructure configuration.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured definition of Pulumi input types, with no external input handling or execution logic. It primarily initializes configuration data for Azure resources via class constructors and properties. No suspicious or malicious behavior such as network communication, system modification, or credential theft is present. The warning comment and structured patterns are typical for auto-generated configuration classes.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign, auto-generated set of configuration data classes for Pulumi. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. The use of Pulumi's API for setting and getting properties aligns with standard infrastructure-as-code practices. Overall, the code is safe with a very low malware score.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}