{
  "purpose": "The code interacts with a network device API to perform management tasks such as LED control, resets, firmware updates, Wi-Fi configuration, network info retrieval, QR code generation, and device identification.",
  "sources": "Reads data from device API calls, hardcoded IP address, hardcoded secret, and file system (writing QR code to 'qr.svg').",
  "sinks": "Print statements displaying device info, binary data written to file, and execution of device management functions that alter device state.",
  "flows": "Device API calls (sources) lead to print outputs, file writes, and device state changes (sinks), with no untrusted input flow evident.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of hardcoded secrets ('super_secret'), IP address, extensive device control operations, and binary QR code data written directly to SVG file. Variable and function names are nonsensical or obfuscated.",
  "analysis": "The code performs device management tasks via a third-party API, including resetting devices, updating firmware, managing Wi-Fi and guest access, and generating QR codes. It contains hardcoded secrets and IP addresses, which pose security concerns. The code is heavily obfuscated or uses nonsensical variable names, which could hide malicious intent but are not conclusive. No network connections or malicious payloads such as data exfiltration, remote access, or backdoors are evident. The operations are management-oriented, and the presence of secrets and control functions could be misused if compromised. The code does not perform any malicious actions like data theft or remote command execution, but the embedded secrets and control scope warrant caution.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a device management script with security concerns due to hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, and extensive device control capabilities. There is no evidence of malicious payloads or malware. The malware score should be low (~0.1), reflecting the absence of malicious activity. The obfuscation score is high (~0.75), justified by the nonsensical variable names and code complexity. The security risk score is moderate (~0.6), mainly due to embedded secrets and broad device control, which could be exploited if misused. Overall, the code warrants cautious handling but does not appear malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.15,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}