{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate and register metadata for Objective-C classes and selectors, likely to facilitate interaction with Objective-C APIs or frameworks, possibly related to Metal or rendering pipelines.",
  "sources": "The code reads system properties (sys.maxsize, objc.arch), and calls objc.registerMetaDataForSelector to set up metadata for Objective-C methods and properties.",
  "sinks": "The code writes metadata via objc.registerMetaDataForSelector; it does not process untrusted external inputs. No direct data leaks or harmful actions are evident.",
  "flows": "The code reads system info, then registers metadata for specific Objective-C selectors, which is a setup process rather than runtime data flow from untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "There are no indications of hardcoded secrets, unusual obfuscation, or suspicious code structures. The code primarily performs environment checks and metadata registration, typical for bindings or interface setups.",
  "analysis": "The script configures environment-dependent functions and registers Objective-C metadata for a series of selectors and properties. It includes system architecture checks and sets up method signatures. All operations are within expected bounds for Objective-C interop code. No suspicious patterns, hardcoded credentials, or malicious actions are present. The absence of external input handling or network activity further indicates benign intent. The code appears to be part of a larger framework or binding code to interface with Objective-C classes, probably for graphics or media processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a metadata setup script for Objective-C classes, likely related to Metal or rendering frameworks. It performs environment checks and registers method signatures. No malicious behavior or security risks are detected based on the provided code. It appears to be standard interop or binding code with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}