{
  "purpose": "This code is an auto-generated Objective-C runtime metadata registration script, setting up method signatures and properties for classes related to graphics or media frameworks, likely Metal or similar APIs. It performs environment checks to define functions based on system architecture and registers metadata for various selectors.",
  "sources": "Reads system properties (sys.maxsize, objc.arch) to determine architecture; registers metadata for Objective-C selectors via objc.registerMetaDataForSelector.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sources or sinks are present; the code does not process external input, network, or files. It solely registers metadata for framework interoperability.",
  "flows": "Environment checks (sys.maxsize, objc.arch) determine function definitions; then, multiple calls to objc.registerMetaDataForSelector register class and method metadata, with static selector names and type info.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or unusual behaviors are present. The code is straightforward and generated for framework setup.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard auto-generated Objective-C metadata registration script. It checks system architecture to define selector functions, then registers numerous class properties and methods with static data. No external inputs, network activity, or malicious patterns are detected. The purpose is to facilitate runtime Objective-C interoperability, with no signs of malicious intent or vulnerabilities. The code is consistent, well-formed, and typical for such generated setup routines.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, serving as a framework or binding setup for Objective-C classes. It contains no malware, obfuscation, or security risks. The assigned malware score of 0, obfuscated score of 0, and low security risk (~0.1) are justified. The code is safe for use, with no signs of malicious activity or vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}