{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be generated metadata for Objective-C interoperability, specifically registering method signatures and properties for certain Objective-C classes related to Metal (graphics/compute API). Its purpose is likely to facilitate dynamic method calls or introspection within a larger application or framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads system information (sys.maxsize, objc.arch), and registers method metadata via objc.registerMetaDataForSelector calls.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks where untrusted data flows into security-sensitive functions. The code does not process external inputs, user data, or network data. It only registers metadata and system info.",
  "flows": "The flow involves collecting system info, selecting functions based on architecture, then registering method signatures for classes like MTLFXTemporalScalerDescriptor and NSObject. No external data flows into security-critical functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or suspicious code constructs. The code relies on system info and registers method signatures; nothing appears malicious or unusual. The registration is extensive but standard for interoperability.",
  "analysis": "The code determines system architecture (32 or 64-bit, ARM64 or not), then registers metadata for Objective-C selectors, mainly related to Metal and graphics processing. It uses conditional functions for architecture-specific logic. The method registrations are typical for dynamic Objective-C frameworks, with no untrusted data or external inputs. The code's purpose is likely to facilitate bindings or dynamic method invocation. No obfuscated code, malicious behaviors, or security risks are evident. The use of 'objc' for metadata registration is standard in such contexts.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a generated metadata registration script for Objective-C classes and methods, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be standard interoperability code for Metal or related frameworks. No anomalies, backdoors, or malicious intents are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}