{
  "purpose": "The code implements Azure resource polling, Long-Running Operation (LRO) handling, and testing for Azure SDK operations, including mock testing utilities.",
  "sources": "Imports modules (base64, json, pickle, re, types, mock, pytest, requests, azure core modules). Reads input data from mocked responses and request headers/URLs.",
  "sinks": "Uses json deserialization, request URL handling, and response processing; no explicit data sinks indicate data leaks or malicious effects.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from mocked responses (ASYNC_BODY, LOCATION_BODY, RESOURCE_BODY) to deserialization and resource object creation; request URLs are used to simulate polling; no external untrusted data flows into critical operations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected. The code uses mocks extensively for testing, which is normal. No unusual code behaviors or suspicious functions found.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a testing framework for Azure SDK's long-running operations, utilizing mock responses to simulate different polling scenarios. No code injections, backdoors, or malicious network activity are evident. The usage of pickle and base64 is limited to internal test serialization/deserialization, not malicious data exfiltration. The deserialization functions process only known mock responses and do not handle untrusted input directly. There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or external data leaks. The code is structured as tests with mock data, indicating it’s intended for validation rather than malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign testing suite for Azure SDK long-running operations. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. It does not contain hidden backdoors or malicious code, and its purpose is for testing SDK polling mechanisms.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}