{
  "purpose": "The code processes hyperspectral/multispectral raster data, loading datasets, transforming coordinates, selecting spectral bands, and visualizing reflectance data.",
  "sources": "File input for dataset loading, dataset variables for spectral and coordinate data, and filename manipulations.",
  "sinks": "Internal dataset modifications, creation of image outputs, and dataset attribute updates; no external communication or data exfiltration observed.",
  "flows": "File reading -> dataset opening -> coordinate transformation -> spectral band selection -> dataset modification -> visualization output.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation with inconsistent and obscure variable/function names, dynamic attribute and filename handling, string keys that seem arbitrary, but no network activity, hardcoded secrets, or malicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard geospatial data processing tasks typical of hyperspectral data analysis, including dataset loading, coordinate transformations, spectral band selection, and visualization. Despite significant obfuscation, there are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data theft, or sabotage. The obfuscation appears stylistic or proprietary rather than malicious. The code's structure and operations align with legitimate scientific routines. No external data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads are present. The high obfuscation score reflects the code's unreadability but does not imply malicious intent. The malware score is zero, consistent with the absence of malicious patterns. The security risk remains low, as the code does not perform any suspicious or harmful actions.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a heavily obfuscated but legitimate geospatial hyperspectral data processing routine. There is no evidence of malware, malicious sabotage, or security vulnerabilities. The obfuscation warrants caution for maintainability but does not elevate the security threat. Overall, the code is safe but poorly documented and intentionally obscured, likely for proprietary reasons.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}