{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for location handling, data clipping, parallel processing, and exception logging in Python.",
  "sources": "Input data from function parameters, environment variables, and imported modules.",
  "sinks": "Output via return statements, exception handling, and URL generation.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed through functions like 'clip', 'haversine_distance', and 'consistent_shuffle'. Location class reads and validates latitude/longitude, then generates URLs or computes distances. Exception logging captures traceback information.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. Usage of 'random.shuffle' in 'consistent_shuffle' could potentially be manipulated if seed control is misused externally, but is not inherently malicious. No evidence of data exfiltration or network connections. No obfuscated or confusing code structures.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises several utility functions and a 'Location' class for geographic data. Functions perform standard operations such as clipping values, calculating distances, shuffling lists, and validating input ranges. The 'parallel_for' function uses threading for parallel execution, which is standard. The 'exception_logging' function logs exception details. No functions read sensitive data like environment variables or credentials. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious backdoors are present. The 'consistent_shuffle' function uses 'random.shuffle' without external seed control, which could be a concern if external code manipulates randomness, but this is typical for shuffling purposes. Overall, there are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of standard utility functions and a location class, with no evidence of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It performs legitimate operations and handles data safely without introducing security risks. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}