{
  "purpose": "Define constants for Azure authentication, error handling, activity info, and environment variable names used in Azure SDK integrations.",
  "sources": "Hardcoded Azure client ID, environment variable names, error and activity key constants.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sources or sinks; static configuration constants only.",
  "flows": "No data flow or dynamic data processing; constants are used as static configuration.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of a hardcoded Azure client ID ('04b07795-8ddb-461a-bbee-02f9e1bf7b46'), which is a publicly documented Azure SDK client ID; no obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of string constants for configuration purposes, including a well-known public Azure client ID. No functions, data flows, or network operations are present. The hardcoded client ID is a common pattern in Azure SDK samples and is not secret, but embedding it in source code can be considered a security concern if misused. No malicious activity, obfuscation, or data exfiltration is evident. The malware score is appropriately set to 0, as there is no malicious intent. The security risk score varies from 0.1 to 0.3 across reports, reflecting concern over the hardcoded ID but acknowledging its public nature. Overall, the code is benign and primarily configuration, with the main security consideration being the management of the client ID.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward set of configuration constants with no malicious activity or obfuscation. The only notable aspect is the hardcoded Azure client ID, which is a known public identifier used in Azure SDKs. While embedding such IDs is generally acceptable for public SDKs, it should be managed carefully to avoid misuse. The malware score remains 0, and the security risk score is low (around 0.2), consistent with best practices for public identifiers. No further action is necessary beyond standard secure handling of configuration data.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}