{
  "purpose": "This code provides a medical diagnostic AI system that processes X-ray images, generates medical records, suggests treatments, and reasons from symptoms using GPT-based services.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data such as image paths, patient information, symptoms, and image analysis results. It also uploads images to an external service via gemini.upload_file.",
  "sinks": "Generated prompts and content are sent to gemini.generate_content, which could potentially be used to deliver malicious prompts or exfiltrate data if manipulated. The upload_file method is a critical sink, as it uploads image files to an external server.",
  "flows": "Input data (patient info, symptoms, images) flows into prompt construction, with image files uploaded via gemini.upload_file. The constructed prompts are then sent to gemini.generate_content for processing or response generation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns such as obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or hardcoded credentials are present. Use of external AI service APIs appears standard. No evident malicious logic or data leakage mechanisms are observable.",
  "analysis": "The code securely handles input validation for patient info, symptoms, and images, with checks for file existence and count limits. The image analysis uses a local process_xray_image function, with no external data fetching or injection points beyond the AI API calls. The upload_file method is used to send images to an external service, but without evidence of malicious intent. Prompts are constructed with medical content, but no malicious payloads are evident. Overall, the code appears designed for legitimate medical diagnostic tasks, with appropriate input validation and no suspicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a medical diagnostic AI system that interacts with external GPT services and image storage APIs. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration tactics. The external upload and content generation are standard for such applications. Therefore, the overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}