{
  "purpose": "Evaluate supply chain security of the open source Python dependency by analyzing provided code reports for malicious behavior, anomalies, and security risks.",
  "sources": "Code snippets, patterns indicating dynamic execution, obfuscation, external network requests, hardcoded credentials, and suspicious control flows.",
  "sinks": "Potential data exfiltration points, network communication endpoints, eval/exec functions, file system modifications, and environment variable access.",
  "flows": "Sources such as obfuscated strings or network requests leading to sinks like eval/exec or external endpoints, indicating malicious or suspicious activity.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, hardcoded URLs, external network requests, or unusual control flow structures.",
  "analysis": "The reports range from no code or benign code to highly suspicious code with dynamic execution and obfuscation. Reports 1 and 2 correctly identify the absence of code, assigning zero scores. Report 3 reasonably indicates low suspicion with moderate confidence, reflecting minimal suspicious features. Report 4 describes multiple malicious indicators such as eval/exec, obfuscation, and external requests, justifying high malware (0.6), obfuscation (0.7), and security risk (0.75) scores with high confidence (0.8). Report 5 suggests potential dynamic features but lacks concrete malicious indicators, assigning low malware (0.1), obfuscation (0.2), and risk (0.3), with high confidence (0.75). The scoring aligns with the described behaviors and features. Overall, the assessments are consistent, with Report 4 being the most concerning and others indicating low or no risk. The scores are appropriate and reflect the evidence provided. No adjustments are necessary; further static and dynamic analysis is recommended for suspicious code segments.",
  "conclusion": "The supply chain security reports are generally accurate and consistent with their analyses. The high suspicion in Report 4 is justified by the presence of obfuscation and dynamic code execution, warranting further review. Other reports correctly identify benign or low-risk code. The current scoring system appropriately reflects the assessed threat levels based on the available information.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.65,
  "malware": 0.55,
  "securityRisk": 0.55,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}