{
  "purpose": "Custom Django widget for image uploading with configurable properties and media assets.",
  "sources": "Class initialization parameters, class attributes, super() method calls, and property methods accessing class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Super class constructor, property method returning forms.Media, and dictionary construction in nDsQyyTdiYLyipVVvKuTNEVTFEXShCjt.",
  "flows": "Initialization parameters flow into class attributes; property method accesses class attributes to build media assets; nDsQyyTdiYLyipVVvKuTNEVTFEXShCjt combines data from super() and class attributes.",
  "anomalies": "The class and method names are obfuscated and nonsensical, which is unusual. There are many unused or meaningless string attributes, which might indicate code obfuscation or hiding malicious intent. No actual malicious code such as network calls, file operations, or data exfiltration is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom Django widget inheriting from ClearableFileInput, with heavily obfuscated and nonsensical class and method names. It sets several class attributes with empty strings or placeholder values. The constructor initializes these attributes with parameters. The method nDsQyyTdiYLyipVVvKuTNEVTFEXShCjt creates a dictionary combining superclass data and custom widget configuration, which includes display texts and icons. The property wWqQlEbXklQvkhslJZZjSbVDhFynrXgl returns a forms.Media object referencing specific JavaScript and CSS files. All code appears to be either a heavily obfuscated widget configuration or a placeholder with no malicious logic, external network activity, or data leakage.\n\nThere are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads. The obfuscation could be to hide malicious intent, but no such intent is evidenced in this code fragment.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be an obfuscated Django widget implementation, with no clear malicious activity or security risks detected. The obfuscation may be suspicious, but the code itself does not perform any malicious actions or contain vulnerabilities. It likely serves as a customized image upload widget with added obfuscation that could be intended to hide malicious behavior, but none is present in this fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}