{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python module for interacting with the New Relic account data source within the Terraform CDK framework. It provides classes and functions for resource configuration, import, and attribute management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters, class properties, and optional configuration dictionaries. It also accesses package metadata for typeguard version.",
  "sinks": "There are no direct sinks like network calls, file writes, or execution of untrusted data. It uses jsii and Terraform CDK APIs for resource management, which are standard for infrastructure as code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and configuration data flow into class constructors and property setters. These values are used internally for resource representation and import functionality, with no indication of untrusted data processing or external communication.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The code uses standard package imports, class definitions, and configuration methods. There are no obfuscated code segments or suspicious function behaviors. The only notable aspect is the use of package metadata to determine typeguard version, which is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of a Terraform provider data source in Python using jsii and CDK constructs. It defines resource classes, configuration data types, and methods for resource import and attribute handling. All code appears to adhere to normal patterns for infrastructure code, with no suspicious logic, external network activity, or malicious intent. The checks for types and use of optional parameters are standard practices. No anomalous or malicious behaviors are identified.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate part of an infrastructure as code framework, intended for managing and importing New Relic account data sources within Terraform CDK. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It functions as a resource definition and configuration handler without executing untrusted code or exfiltrating data.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}