{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Terraform data source class for fetching a New Relic account's details using the CDK for Terraform (CDKTF). It provides methods and properties for configuring and importing existing accounts.",
  "sources": "Data input sources include constructor parameters such as account_id, id, name, scope, and optional connection, provider, lifecycle, depends_on, provisioners, etc.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows could occur via parameters like account_id, name, scope, or imported IDs, which are used in resource configuration but do not directly lead to data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sources) flow into the class constructor and configuration objects, which then are used in resource creation and import functions; no evidence of data being sent to external or untrusted endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. It employs standard patterns for CDKTF resource definition. No obfuscated or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports multiple modules and defines a data source class with typical initialization, property getters/setters, and configuration import functions. The type hints and checks ensure correct usage. No indications of malicious behavior or malicious code injection are observed. The functions and classes appear to be standard CDKTF constructs for resource management. The configuration and import functions follow expected patterns. No external network access, system modification, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, legitimate implementation of a Terraform data source for New Relic accounts using CDKTF. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be a well-structured, non-suspicious module with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}