{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python module for interacting with the 'New Relic Account' data source using CDK for Terraform (CDKTF). It provides classes and functions to configure, instantiate, and manage the data source within infrastructure as code.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, class attributes, and environment (via imported modules). Notably, it accesses package metadata (_metadata_package_version) and receives external configuration inputs through class constructors and properties.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting class properties (e.g., accountId, name, scope) which could be used to influence infrastructure configurations. The code itself does not perform data output beyond attribute access, nor does it execute untrusted commands or write files directly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into class attributes, with some type checks and configuration objects (e.g., DataNewrelicAccountConfig) created and passed into the class instance. These flows are standard for infrastructure-as-code modules and do not include external data transmission or code execution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or network operations are present. The code contains dynamic type checking based on package version, which is typical and not suspicious. No obfuscation, misleading variables, or code constructs suggest malicious intent. The only notable feature is the use of __path__ modification with extend_path, which is a normal package extension pattern.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard, auto-generated or framework-based implementation for Terraform CDK data sources. It includes class definitions, configuration data classes, and type checking stubs. There are no signs of malicious payloads, such as network calls, system modifications, or secret theft. The code manages infrastructure configuration data and ensures type safety through checks. All components seem consistent with typical infrastructure SDKs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard implementation for managing a Terraform data source related to New Relic accounts. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. It functions as intended within an IaC framework and does not pose a security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}