{
  "purpose": "This script provides command-line utilities for managing Flask applications, including running servers, shell access, and route inspection.",
  "sources": "Input is taken from command-line arguments, environment variables, and filesystem paths. Data is read from environment variables, user-specified file paths, and module attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks via environment variables, filesystem paths, and module attributes. Execution of functions via user-supplied string expressions, and dynamic importing of modules or objects. Use of subprocesses in run_simple (though not directly visible here, it calls Werkzeug’s run_simple).",
  "flows": "Command-line args and environment variables set sources. Inputs from user commands and environment variables flow into function calls like prepare_import, locate_app, and run_simple. Module attributes and parsed expressions influence app loading. Data from env vars and user input influence execution paths.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, no backdoors, no obfuscated code patterns. Use of dynamic import via import_string and eval-like behavior via ast.literal_eval for parsing expressions in find_app_by_string. No suspicious hardcoded secrets or URLs are evident. The code does include flexible module and attribute resolution, which could theoretically be exploited if combined with malicious modules, but alone, this code does not contain malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The script implements command-line utilities with options for app loading, environment loading, and server configuration. The functions perform dynamic import, module attribute inspection, and expression parsing. No code directly performs malicious activities such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system sabotage. The use of eval in 'ast.literal_eval' is limited to literals only, which is safe. The module dependencies are standard for Flask CLI tools. No obfuscation, suspicious code constructs, or malicious payloads detected. The code mainly manages application loading and server startup workflows, with standard safety checks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard Flask CLI utility script with appropriate safety checks and no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It dynamically loads modules and applications based on user input but does not contain any malicious payloads or suspicious behaviors. Its risk is low, provided the environment and modules loaded are trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}