{
  "purpose": "The code provides CLI commands for managing a Flask application, including app discovery, environment setup, server execution, and shell access. It dynamically loads modules, evaluates expressions, and manages environment variables to facilitate development and deployment workflows.",
  "sources": "Inputs from command-line options, environment variables (e.g., FLASK_APP, PYTHONSTARTUP), filesystem paths for modules and SSL certificates, and user-provided expressions for app factory functions.",
  "sinks": "Dynamic module import via __import__ and import_string, evaluation of app names and arguments with ast.literal_eval, modification of environment variables, and server startup functions. Also, eval on PYTHONSTARTUP environment variable in shell command.",
  "flows": "CLI inputs and environment variables influence module import paths, app discovery, SSL context setup, and server configuration. User-supplied expressions are parsed and evaluated to instantiate app objects or call factory functions. Environment variables like PYTHONSTARTUP are executed during shell startup.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval on PYTHONSTARTUP environment variable in shell command, dynamic import of modules and objects without explicit validation, and expression parsing with ast.literal_eval which, while safe, could be misused if inputs are malicious. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard practices for CLI management of Flask applications, including dynamic module import, app discovery, environment variable handling, and server control. The use of eval on PYTHONSTARTUP is a known Python feature that executes arbitrary code if environment variables are maliciously set, representing a potential security risk. Dynamic import and expression evaluation are controlled and error-handled, reducing the likelihood of exploitation. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or covert channels are detected. The overall structure is clear, and the operations are typical for such management scripts.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a conventional Flask CLI utility with controlled dynamic import and evaluation features. While it involves dynamic code execution points, these are standard and well-handled, with no active malicious payloads. The primary security concern is the eval on PYTHONSTARTUP, which could be exploited if environment variables are manipulated, but this is a known Python feature rather than malicious intent. Overall, the supply chain security posture is low risk, with the main vulnerability being the potential misuse of environment variables for code execution.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}