{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client class definition for interacting with AWS Systems Manager for SAP via boto3, including method signatures and documentation references.",
  "sources": "Imports from sys, typing, botocore, and internal modules; class attributes; method parameters and return types; property decorators.",
  "sinks": "Methods that accept untrusted input via kwargs (e.g., Params, operation names) and return data or perform actions such as URL generation, resource management, or tagging.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (kwargs, operation_name, Params) flows into method calls and possibly into URL generation or API requests; return values or side effects occur post-input.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are evident. The code primarily consists of type annotations, method signatures, and property definitions. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution patterns detected. No network or system manipulations are directly present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a client class for AWS SSM SAP with type annotations, method signatures, and documentation links. It uses standard Python typing and imports, with no evidence of malicious behavior. Methods accept kwargs unpacked into specific input types, which is standard for boto3 clients. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or hidden behaviors. The inclusion of docstrings and explicit type annotations supports readability and correctness but does not introduce risks. Overall, this code appears to be a well-structured interface layer for AWS SDK interactions without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, type-annotated client interface for AWS SSM SAP, with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It functions as a wrapper around AWS SDK calls, providing type safety and documentation. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious activities are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}