{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Python language server based on the Language Server Protocol, utilizing the Jedi library for code intelligence features and pygls for server communication. It handles document events, symbol resolution, code completions, hover info, and refactoring.",
  "sources": "Input sources include user text input via language server requests (e.g., completion, hover, go-to-definition), and configuration parameters during initialization. Data is also read from files via the Jedi Project and script objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the functions that process and return data, such as code completions, hover content, diagnostics, and workspace symbols. Some functions generate and return data based on user input, which could be exploited if malicious data is injected.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (user requests) flows into functions that process code or document contents (e.g., completion, hover, rename, symbol search). These flows typically involve reading the current document or workspace, passing data to Jedi for code analysis, then returning the processed results. Data flows from user input -> server functions -> Jedi analysis -> output to client.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code uses standard library functions and well-known packages (pygls, Jedi). No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. Diagnostic and refactoring functions invoke Jedi's methods; no unsafe execution or data leaks are apparent. Event handling functions follow typical patterns. No suspicious network activity or external data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of a language server that interfaces with IDE clients via the LSP. It handles initialization, diagnostics, code completion, hover, symbol resolution, refactoring, and workspace events. All functions operate within expected boundaries, calling Jedi for static code analysis and returning formatted responses. The functions process user input and workspace data without executing external commands or injecting code. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious behaviors are evident. The use of decorators for debouncing and support for notebook documents appear safe and standard. No hidden or malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or backdoors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of a Python language server with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It relies on open-source libraries and standard event handling for code intelligence functions. The overall security risk score is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}