{
  "purpose": "Implementation of a Python language server leveraging Jedi for code analysis, completions, hover, refactoring, and diagnostics within an LSP framework.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from client requests (e.g., text documents, positions, ranges, URIs) and configuration options. It also imports external modules and third-party libraries such as jedi, cattrs, and pygls.",
  "sinks": "Functions that process untrusted input include the language server features handling text document requests, symbol queries, and code actions. Potential sinks are code refactoring functions, diagnostics, and completion item resolution that could process untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Sources are inputs from LSP client requests, which flow into functions that invoke Jedi API calls (e.g., goto, get_signatures, get_names). These outputs are then transformed into LSP responses (Locations, Signatures, Symbols, Diagnostics). Data flow is mostly request → Jedi analysis → response.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network operations are present. All external dependencies are standard libraries or well-known open-source packages. No obfuscated code patterns, code injection, or unsafe environment variable usage detected. The code performs standard language server functions with typical patterns, and there are no hidden or malicious behaviors evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of a Python language server based on the Jedi library, handling features like completion, hover, go-to-definition, renaming, refactoring, and diagnostics. It processes data from client requests and uses Jedi's APIs to analyze Python code. No malicious behavior such as network data exfiltration, backdoors, or system damage routines are observed. The functions are primarily standard for a language server, with careful handling of input and output. External dependencies are reputable. No suspicious code flow or data leakage mechanisms are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured Python language server implementation for code analysis and editing support, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}