{
  "purpose": "The code provides statistical functions for calculating inverse error functions, probability point functions, and confidence intervals for continuous and dichotomous data.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments such as 'x', 'point_estimate', 'stddev', 'sample_size', 'confidence', 'bias', 'percentage', 'low', 'high', and external library imports.",
  "sinks": "There are no direct sinks that process untrusted data for malicious actions; however, the functions output statistical values based on inputs.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed through mathematical calculations, including external library calls (scipy.stats) for statistical functions, leading to returned confidence interval tuples.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard mathematical and statistical functions with appropriate error handling. The import of scipy is conditional, which is typical.",
  "analysis": "The code defines mathematical functions for approximating the inverse error function and the normal distribution's percent point function. It conditionally imports scipy.stats to provide t-distribution and normal distribution percent point functions, with fallback behavior if scipy is not available. Functions for computing confidence intervals for continuous and dichotomous data are standard statistical calculations. The code performs input validation, raising errors for invalid inputs, and includes a placeholder for a future implementation of the t-distribution power series. There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, malicious code, or backdoors. All external dependencies are used for legitimate statistical purposes. There is no evidence of data leakage, system manipulation, or malicious data exfiltration.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate statistical utility module for confidence interval calculations, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It uses common mathematical functions and conditional external library imports in a typical manner. No anomalies or suspicious patterns are observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}