{
  "purpose": "The code provides statistical functions for computing inverse error functions, percentile points, and confidence intervals for continuous and dichotomous data, primarily used for statistical analysis.",
  "sources": "Input data includes the parameter 'x' for probability calculations, sample size 'n', point estimates, standard deviations, and confidence levels.",
  "sinks": "Data flows include calculations for confidence intervals and percentile points, which are outputs used for statistical inference.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (x, n, estimates) flow into statistical functions; these functions compute intermediate values (e.g., alpha, margin) which then produce confidence interval tuples.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code imports standard scientific libraries and performs typical statistical calculations. The dynamic import of 'scipy.stats' is standard practice with fallback handling.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of functions for mathematical approximation (erfinv), percentile point functions (ppf), and confidence interval calculations. The erfinv function is a mathematical approximation, not a dynamic or obfuscated code. The ppf function uses scipy.stats when available, falling back to a custom approximation, which is standard practice. Confidence interval functions implement common statistical formulas without suspicious behavior. No external data leaks, network activity, or malicious payloads are present. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of statistical methods with proper input validation and error handling.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs statistical calculations related to confidence intervals and percentile functions using standard mathematical and statistical practices. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity are detected. The dynamic import of scipy is normal for optional dependencies. Overall, the code appears benign and intended for legitimate statistical analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}