{
  "purpose": "Parse complex relevance expressions, handle variable replacements, evaluate expressions against survey data, and mark questions as 'skipped' when not relevant.",
  "sources": "DataFrame columns for variable references, relevance expression string input, regex replacements for selected() and variable placeholders.",
  "sinks": "Evaluation of expressions via pandas.eval(), updating DataFrame values to 'skipped' based on relevance masks.",
  "flows": "Relevance expressions are transformed via regex replacements, then evaluated with pandas.eval() to produce boolean masks; these masks inform DataFrame updates.",
  "anomalies": "Use of pandas.eval() on dynamically generated expressions; potential for code injection if expressions are untrusted, though in controlled environments this is minimal.",
  "analysis": "The code parses relevance expressions, replacing selected() functions and variable placeholders with DataFrame column references, then transforms logical operators for pandas.eval(). It evaluates the expression to produce a boolean mask indicating relevance. The code then marks data as 'skipped' where questions are not relevant and currently null or marked as NA/NULL. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The primary security concern is the use of pandas.eval() with dynamically constructed expressions, which could be risky if inputs are untrusted. However, in typical survey processing contexts, expressions are internally generated, mitigating this risk. The code performs standard data handling and relevance parsing, with no network activity or malicious routines.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for survey data processing, with no evidence of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The main security consideration is the use of pandas.eval(), which should be used cautiously if expressions originate from untrusted sources. Given the controlled context, the risk is minimal. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk score is approximately 0.2, reflecting cautious acknowledgment of eval() usage. The reports' scores are consistent with this assessment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}