{
  "purpose": "To evaluate open-source Python code for malicious behavior, obfuscation, and security risks, focusing on supply chain security issues.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as 'content', 'alert_type', 'button_type', 'href', and 'extra_classes'; functions like 'render_tag' and 'format_html' that generate HTML output.",
  "sinks": "HTML rendering functions ('render_tag') where untrusted 'content' could lead to XSS if not sanitized; attributes like 'href' and 'role' that could be manipulated if not validated.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into HTML attributes and content; 'content' flows into 'format_html' which escapes by default; validation on 'alert_type' and 'button_type' limits malicious input; 'render_tag' outputs HTML with these parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. Validation on parameters is appropriate. Use of 'format_html' is standard for safe HTML rendering.",
  "analysis": "The code provides functions to render Bootstrap alerts and buttons with input validation and safe HTML rendering. 'format_html' escapes content unless marked safe, reducing XSS risk. Validation on 'alert_type' and 'button_type' prevents invalid parameters. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The primary security concern is potential XSS if 'content' is untrusted, but this is a common risk in rendering functions and not indicative of malicious intent. Malware score is 0, obfuscated is 0, security risk is approximately 0.2 due to potential injection if 'content' is untrusted, which is justified given the context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is safe, standard, and well-validated for rendering UI components. No malicious activity or obfuscation detected. The slight security risk score accounts for potential XSS if 'content' is untrusted, but the implementation itself is secure. The overall assessment supports a low malware and obfuscation score with a modest security risk, consistent with best practices.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}