{
  "purpose": "This code defines a configuration class for the HelloSign SDK, managing API credentials, server settings, logging, SSL verification, and other client-side configurations.",
  "sources": "User-provided parameters such as api_key, api_key_prefix, access_token, username, password, ssl_ca_cert, and host; environment variables and method inputs for dynamic settings.",
  "sinks": "Methods generating authentication headers (get_basic_auth_token, auth_settings), URL constructions (get_host_from_settings), and logging handlers.",
  "flows": "Input data from credentials and configuration parameters flows into authentication headers, URL formation, and logging setup. Data such as API keys and credentials are used directly in headers. No external untrusted input appears to flow into critical security-sensitive operations in this code snippet.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors, such as obfuscated code, hidden data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code mainly handles configuration and logging with standard library usage. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious URL manipulations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages configuration details for the HelloSign SDK, including API credentials, server URLs, SSL settings, and logging. It performs typical setup tasks with standard Python libraries and common design patterns for API clients. No signs of malicious behavior such as hidden network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoor functionality. All credential handling appears to be via parameters, and no code suggests unauthorized data access or malicious actions. The structure is straightforward and consistent with SDK configuration management.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical SDK configuration class with no evidence of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It securely manages credentials and settings without hiding or obfuscating any operations. The likelihood of malware is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}