{
  "purpose": "The code manages device information through CRUD operations, updating device flags and details based on request data, within a Django REST Framework viewset.",
  "sources": "Request payloads for device data, ORM queries retrieving and updating device model instances.",
  "sinks": "Database save operations; setting boolean flags and device attributes; no external network or file system interactions observed.",
  "flows": "Input data from request -> ORM retrieval or creation -> modification of model fields -> save to database.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation with nonsensical class and variable names; setting flags such as 'PoEyyArdLcsgzNuhaKIlDfrygfmxgORo' without clear context; no validation or security controls shown.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard device management operations with typical ORM interactions. The obfuscation complicates understanding but does not inherently indicate malicious intent. No external network activity, cryptography, or payloads are present. The flags and data updates are consistent with device registration and status toggling. The main concern is the obfuscation, which could be used to hide malicious behavior, but the code itself appears benign. The absence of hardcoded credentials, network calls, or system modifications supports a low likelihood of malware. The high obfuscation score reflects difficulty in analysis but does not confirm maliciousness.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a device management API with significant obfuscation. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or backdoors. The low malware score (0) aligns with the analysis, while the high obfuscation score (~0.75) indicates concern over code clarity. Overall, the security risk is moderate (~0.3), mainly due to obfuscation hindering auditability. The code appears benign but warrants further review if used in security-critical contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}