{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and classes for handling notebook documents and coordinate mapping between notebook cells and a combined notebook source, primarily for use within a language server protocol (LSP) environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from workspace.get_notebook_document, workspace.text_documents, and various properties of notebook documents and text documents, including URIs, sources, and positions.",
  "sinks": "The code writes data when creating new TextDocument instances, TextDocumentEdit objects, and when evolving parameters (attrs.evolve). It also outputs URIs and source code strings.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input URIs and positions (sources) into mapping functions, which convert cell-specific coordinates to notebook-wide coordinates, and then potentially back. Edits and locations are mapped between cell and notebook representations.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward and consistent with expected LSP utility functions. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation are detected. There is proper use of data structures and no unusual code behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes and functions for mapping notebook cell positions and ranges to a concatenated notebook source and vice versa. It uses standard Python practices, type annotations, and attrs library for data management. The functions for mapping and conversion are typical for notebook language server implementations. No external data or network connections are made. No code injections, data leaks, or malicious operations are present. The code does not manipulate system files or perform any actions that could be malicious. The overall structure supports safe data handling and transformation for notebook-based language server features.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for handling notebook document coordinate mapping and workspace interactions within a language server context. It contains no indicators of malicious behavior, security risks, or obfuscation. It appears to be well-structured, standard, and safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}