{
  "purpose": "The source code implements a version management utility (Versioneer) that interacts with version control systems like Git to determine project version information dynamically during build and import time. It automates retrieving, formatting, and embedding version data into Python packages.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration files (setup.cfg, _version.py), and executes system commands (git rev-parse, git describe, git show) to gather version info.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sinks or data exfiltration points; subprocess calls are to fixed, controlled commands. No external network connections or data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "Sources include configuration files and subprocess commands; flows lead to parsing command outputs and writing version info into files like _version.py and setup files.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors detected. Subprocess calls are static and controlled. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, open-source utility for version management in Python projects. It uses subprocess to run Git commands with fixed arguments, reads and writes configuration and version files, and handles errors gracefully. No malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscation are evident. The subprocess commands are typical for such tools, and no untrusted input is used. The overall behavior aligns with legitimate build and versioning workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a legitimate, open-source version management utility (Versioneer) with no malicious intent or supply chain risks. It performs controlled system interactions and file modifications typical for its purpose. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.2, reflecting minimal risk inherent in subprocess execution in a controlled environment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}