{
  "purpose": "The code is a set of unit tests for the simple_websocket server implementation, designed to verify various functionalities such as connection handling, message reception, and protocol negotiation.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from function parameters, mock objects, environment variables, and simulated socket recv data.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to mocked socket send methods, particularly for sending messages, pings, pongs, and connection close signals.",
  "flows": "Data flows from mock socket recv calls (simulating incoming WebSocket frames) to server.receive() methods, and from server.send() calls to socket.send(). Protocol negotiation affects the server's subprotocol attribute, influencing subsequent behavior.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard unit test suite with no suspicious code or hidden behaviors. There are no hardcoded credentials or backdoors. All data handling and socket interactions are mocked for testing purposes only. No external network connections or data leaks are present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive set of tests validating WebSocket server behaviors using mock objects. It tests connection acceptance across different environments (Werkzeug, Gunicorn), message receiving (including fragmented messages, large messages, ping/pong), connection closing, and protocol negotiation. All interactions are simulated within the test environment; no actual network or system data is accessed or transmitted. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or harmful behaviors. The code’s structure and content are typical for a testing suite, with no obfuscated code, malicious payloads, or suspicious activities detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate unit testing script for a WebSocket server implementation, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It operates solely within a controlled test environment, mocking external dependencies and network interactions. The code appears safe and well-structured, focused on validating functionality without any malicious or harmful behaviors.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}