{
  "purpose": "Functions for generating, verifying, and processing JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) for authentication and data integrity.",
  "sources": "Input parameters: claims, priv_key, pub_key, jwt, other_headers, lifetime, expires, not_before, jti_size. Data read from environment variables via urandom, and from JWT string components.",
  "sinks": "JWT signing/signature creation, signature verification, decoding of JWT parts, use of urandom for JTI, warnings for deprecated module.",
  "flows": "Claims and headers are used to generate JWTs; JWTs are parsed and verified, with data flow from input strings to decoded claims/headers, and cryptographic signature validation.",
  "anomalies": "Use of urandom for jti generation (not inherently suspicious), no hardcoded secrets. The warnings.warn for deprecation could indicate outdated code, but not malicious. No obfuscated code, no hidden backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The 'none' algorithm is supported but only used if explicitly allowed, which is appropriate.",
  "analysis": "The code provides functions for creating and verifying JWTs using standard cryptographic practices. The generation function handles claims, headers, and signature creation securely with support for multiple algorithms. Verification involves checking token format, algorithms, and claims with optional strictness. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks are evident. The use of urandom for JTI is standard for randomness. The module warns about deprecation but does not perform any network operations or data exfiltration. Overall, the code appears to be a standard JWT utility with no malicious behavior or sabotage evident.",
  "conclusion": "This module is a typical JWT utility implementation for secure token handling. It does not contain malicious code or behaviors, nor does it perform any unauthorized data access or network activity. The only noteworthy aspect is the deprecated warning, indicating potential need for updates but not malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}