{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for generating, verifying, and processing JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) for authentication and authorization purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters: 'claims', 'priv_key', 'pub_key', 'jwt', and 'other_headers'. Data is retrieved from claims for 'iat', 'nbf', 'exp', 'jti', and from JWT strings during parsing.",
  "sinks": "The code uses 'urandom' for generating 'jti', 'JWS' for signing tokens, and base64url encoding/decoding. No direct data sinks such as network transmission, file writing, or environment variables are present in this code segment.",
  "flows": "Claims and headers are processed, encoded, and signed in 'generate_jwt'. During verification, tokens are parsed, signatures validated, and claims checked for validity. The flow from 'generate_jwt' to output token and 'verify_jwt' to validation is straightforward. No external or untrusted data flows beyond input parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'urandom' to generate 'jti' without further validation or use beyond token uniqueness. The 'warnings.warn' statement is benign but indicates deprecated status. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution are present. The use of 'None' algorithm produces unsigned tokens, which is a known JWT risk but not malicious per se.",
  "analysis": "The code correctly implements JWT creation and verification with standard cryptographic practices. It handles token claims, headers, and signature validation securely. It does not appear to include any malicious code such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or harmful network operations. The only minor concern is the support for 'none' algorithm, which can produce unsigned tokens if used improperly, but this is documented and not inherently malicious. No obfuscation or suspicious behaviors are evident. Overall, the code appears legitimate and focused on JWT handling with no signs of malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard JWT library implementation with no malicious or sabotage behaviors detected. It correctly manages token signing and validation, with proper handling of cryptographic algorithms and token claims. The presence of support for 'none' algorithm should be used with caution but does not constitute malicious intent in itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}