{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to generate, verify, and process JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) for authentication and authorization purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters such as 'claims', 'priv_key', 'jwt', 'public_key', and 'other_headers'. It also reads environment data indirectly via 'urandom' for generating 'jti'.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks via 'jti' (which is base64-encoded random bytes), signature creation (using private keys), and token verification. No network sinks or data exfiltration functions are present.",
  "flows": "Input claims and headers flow into token generation; generated tokens are then verified, involving decoding, signature verification, and claims validation. 'urandom' provides random bytes for 'jti', which flow into the token claims.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets or credentials. The 'urandom' usage for 'jti' is standard. The deprecation warning may indicate outdated dependencies, but not malicious intent. No obfuscated code or hidden logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for JWT creation and verification using the 'jwcrypto' library. It uses 'urandom' for generating 'jti', which is standard cryptographic randomness. The 'generate_jwt' function includes claims like 'iat', 'nbf', 'exp', and 'jti' for security. The verification functions correctly check token format, signatures, and claims. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious network activity are present. The use of cryptographic functions appears appropriate, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The code is straightforward, with proper validation and exception handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for JWT handling, with no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or data exfiltration. It appears secure in its current form, assuming dependencies are trusted. No malware or sabotage detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}