{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for payment card identification, status handling, data sanitization, and logging within a payment processing system.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters (payment_status, card_num, body, header, response), external libraries (json, re, unicodedata), and imported enums and models. Sensitive data may originate from response bodies, request bodies, or status objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are logging output (write_line), JSON serialization, and masking functions that process request/response data. No direct execution of untrusted code or external commands is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (e.g., payment status, card numbers, request/response bodies) through functions that process, identify, and mask sensitive information, ultimately reaching the logging functions which output the sanitized data.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behavior such as obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or hidden backdoors. The masking functions and card identification logic appear standard. No hardcoded secrets are evident beyond constants. The logging class is designed to mask sensitive information, which is a security best practice.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard functions for card type detection, status interpretation, sensitive data masking, and logging. It uses well-known libraries and straightforward logic. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected. The masking of sensitive data in logs helps prevent data leaks. There are no external network calls or data exfiltration mechanisms. All functions and classes serve legitimate purposes related to secure logging and data handling.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate part of a payment processing system with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It includes proper data sanitization and masking practices and handles standard payment-related logic. There are no indicators of supply chain attacks or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}