{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions for media file analysis, audio processing, system utility lookups, and media format conversions, primarily for use in audio-related applications.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from files, file paths, or streams via functions like mediainfo_json, mediainfo, and fsdecode. System commands are executed via subprocess calls to external tools like ffmpeg, avconv, ffplay, and ffprobe.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can be outputted via subprocess commands, especially when executing external media tools. There are no explicit network or file writes in this code segment. No untrusted data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file input to subprocess commands for media analysis (mediainfo, mediainfo_json), and from subprocess outputs to JSON parsing and internal processing. Media info data flows from system commands to data structures.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code uses external tools but does not invoke network connections or obscure operations. The use of subprocess without sanitization is standard for media tools. No malicious behavior or backdoors are apparent. Function decorators and helper functions are typical. No obfuscated code features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs media file analysis and media processing with functions like mediainfo, mediainfo_json, get_supported_codecs, and media conversion utilities. It invokes external tools (ffmpeg, ffprobe, avconv, etc.) using subprocess, with command construction based on system environment. It handles media metadata extraction, including stream details, and provides audio manipulation functions. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The subprocess calls are typical for media applications, and no unsafe input handling is evident. The code maintains a clear and straightforward structure.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard media analysis and processing library with no apparent malicious intent or security risks. It relies on external media tools and system calls, which is common in such applications. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. Overall, it appears safe and non-obfuscated.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}