{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for audio processing, media info extraction, system command detection, and media conversion, primarily intended for use in multimedia processing workflows.",
  "sources": "Data is read from media files (via file paths or file-like objects), system commands, and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if media info or stderr output is mishandled or exposed, but there are no explicit data sinks that send untrusted data outside the system. External processes are invoked for media probing and encoding.",
  "flows": "Media file paths and command outputs flow from media probing functions (mediainfo, mediainfo_json) and system command executions, with data being parsed and potentially used in processing functions like get_extra_info or supported codecs listing.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses `sys.version_info` for Python version checks, which is standard. It dynamically loads `pyaudioop` if `audioop` is unavailable, which is benign. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are apparent. The use of regular expressions for parsing stderr and output is typical. The caching decorator is straightforward. No obfuscated or malicious code segments are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of utility functions for media processing, system command detection, and environment handling. It employs standard Python modules and practices for process invocation, file handling, and string parsing. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or hidden malicious behaviors are evident. The functions for media info extraction invoke external tools like ffprobe or ffmpeg, which is standard in media processing. The `which()` function is used to locate system executables, and no unsafe command execution or command injection appears to be present. The code handles platform differences correctly and does not process untrusted user input in a way that could lead to code injection.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign utility module for multimedia processing with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It performs media info extraction, command detection, and audio segment manipulation securely and without malicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}