{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for media processing, audio analysis, and interfacing with system tools like ffmpeg, ffprobe, avconv, and similar. It also includes media info extraction, audio chunking, and effects registration, primarily for audio and video media handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from files, file paths, and subprocess command outputs (stderr, stdout). It also accesses environment variables (e.g., PATH). Functions like mediainfo_json and mediainfo read media files; get_extra_info parses stderr output.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs media info as JSON, interacts with system commands, and performs media file processing. No direct untrusted data sinks like network or file writes containing untrusted data are present.",
  "flows": "Input sources (files, subprocess outputs) are parsed and processed, and media information is returned or used internally. Data flows from input files or command outputs through parsing functions, with no evident untrusted data influencing system commands or system state outside controlled subprocess calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. No suspicious network activity or obfuscated code is present. Use of subprocess to invoke system commands like ffmpeg/avprobe is standard for media processing. No backdoors, malicious system modifications, or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly performs media info extraction, media processing, and system tool interfacing. It employs safe subprocess calls with command existence checks. No malicious or suspicious code paths, such as network communication, data theft, or backdoors, are observed. The code is structured and clear, with standard media handling functions. No hardcoded secrets, malicious payloads, or obfuscation methods are present. The only minor concern is the use of subprocesses with user-controlled filenames, but these are typical in media processing workflows and do not inherently pose security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a media utility library with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It performs legitimate media processing tasks using standard techniques. There is no evidence of supply chain attacks, malware, or security risks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}