{
  "purpose": "The code performs network interface enumeration, IP address extraction, subnet scanning via ping, SSH command execution, and node management, primarily for network reconnaissance or management purposes.",
  "sources": "netifaces interfaces, subprocess 'ip addr' command, SSH command outputs, and input parameters for node and network info.",
  "sinks": "subprocess calls for ping and SSH commands, reading command outputs, and appending discovered hosts to node lists.",
  "flows": "From network interface data to IP extraction, subnet calculation, ping/SSH commands execution, and node addition based on responses.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable and function names, extensive use of threading, recursive functions, broad exception handling, and dynamic network scanning without validation.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated, making static analysis challenging. It enumerates network interfaces, extracts IPs, calculates subnets, and performs host discovery via ping and SSH. Threading is used for parallel scans. No hardcoded credentials or payloads are present. The activities resemble network reconnaissance, which can be benign or malicious depending on context. The absence of malicious payloads or backdoors suggests low malware likelihood. Obfuscation and broad network activity are notable but not inherently malicious. The code's behavior aligns with typical reconnaissance tools, with potential for misuse if exploited maliciously.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a network reconnaissance utility with obfuscated structure. No evidence of malicious payloads or malware is found. Its activities could be misused for malicious purposes, but the code itself is not malicious. The malware score is set to 0.2 to reflect reconnaissance capabilities, obfuscation is moderate (0.4), and overall security risk is moderate (0.3). These scores are consistent with the analysis and the code's intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}