{
  "purpose": "The code implements statistical functions related to spatial point pattern analysis, specifically Ripley's functions (F, G, J, K, L) and their associated hypothesis testing procedures. It provides tools for analyzing spatial distributions of points, supporting spatial randomness assessments.",
  "sources": "The code reads input coordinates from geopandas objects or numpy arrays. It also reads optional support parameters, distance matrices or arrays, and hull geometries for spatial sampling. Random points are generated via the poisson function from the random module.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or malicious effects are not evident. The code does not write to files, execute system commands, or access sensitive environment variables. No network operations, file operations, or command execution are present. Input data is processed internally, and outputs are numerical results.",
  "flows": "Input coordinates and optional distance data flow into the _prepare function for validation and conversion. The functions compute spatial statistics based on these inputs, with support for randomization and simulation-based p-values. There are no external system or network calls that could be exploited. The flow is contained within data processing and numerical computation.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are detected. The functions appear to perform legitimate statistical calculations. The import of warnings, numpy, scipy, and geopandas is standard. The use of warnings.warn and numpy's histogram, interp1d, and spatial functions is appropriate for statistical processing.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple statistical functions for spatial analysis, relying on numpy, scipy, and geopandas. The functions generate support vectors, compute distances, and perform statistical tests, including Monte Carlo simulations for significance testing. All operations are numerical or geometrical, with no indication of malicious code or external system manipulation. The only potentially risky feature is the use of random point generation via poisson, which is a standard method for spatial simulations. The imports and function calls are consistent with spatial statistics workflows. No code injection, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of spatial point pattern analysis functions. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The use of standard scientific libraries and the absence of external system calls suggest a benign purpose. Overall, the code is consistent with statistical analysis tasks and does not contain malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}