{
  "purpose": "The code implements spatial statistical functions (Ripley's F, G, J, K, L) and their associated hypothesis testing routines for analyzing point patterns. It processes spatial data, generates random points, computes distances, and performs Monte Carlo simulations for significance testing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input spatial data via geopandas objects or numpy arrays, and generates random points using the 'poisson' function from an internal module. It also evaluates distances through spatial trees and distance matrices.",
  "sinks": "There are no external system calls, network communications, or file I/O operations. Data flows within numerical computations, spatial data processing, and Monte Carlo simulations, with no external data exfiltration or side effects.",
  "flows": "Input spatial data is processed into coordinate arrays, distances are computed via spatial trees or matrices, and results are derived through histogram and cumulative calculations. Random points are generated for simulation-based hypothesis testing, with results interpolated and summarized.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors are present. The code uses standard scientific libraries and practices. The use of 'NotImplementedError' for unimplemented features is appropriate as a placeholder.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard spatial point pattern analysis, utilizing numpy, scipy, geopandas, and shapely. It handles input validation, distance computations, and statistical functions consistent with spatial statistics methodologies. Random point generation via 'poisson' is typical for Monte Carlo tests. No external system calls, network activity, or data leaks are detected. The code is well-structured, documented, and free of obfuscation or malicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of spatial statistical functions for point pattern analysis. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. The overall security risk is minimal, primarily limited to the potential misuse of random point generation in an adversarial context, which is inherent to the analysis domain. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.1, reflecting the low but non-zero potential for misuse in a malicious setting.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}