{
  "purpose": "This module implements statistical functions and tests based on Ripley's K, L, F, G, and J functions for spatial point pattern analysis, primarily using geometric and distance computations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input coordinates from geopandas objects or numpy arrays, and may generate random points using the poisson function. It also reads geometry and random functions from internal modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points are the use of warnings.warn (which could be exploited if messages are displayed improperly), and the use of poisson for generating random points that could be misused if manipulated. No explicit sinks like network connections or file writes are present.",
  "flows": "Input coordinates -> processed with _prepare() -> used in statistical functions (f, g, j, k, l) -> potential simulation data generated with poisson -> results returned. Internal functions generate random points and compute distance matrices, but do not transmit or store data externally.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for spatial statistical analysis. It employs internal functions (_build_best_tree, _k_neighbors, poisson) for computational purposes. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. Warnings.warn is used for user notification. No obfuscated or misleading variable names are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code thoroughly implements spatial point pattern statistics with support for various input types and parameters. It uses well-structured functions, handles input validation, and performs computations securely. The use of internal modules and functions appears legitimate. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity. The warnings are benign and typical for such analyses. The 'poisson' function generates random points but does not transmit data externally. All computational steps are consistent with statistical analysis and do not indicate sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of spatial statistical functions for point pattern analysis. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indications are present. The code appears safe, with no hidden or malicious intent, and operates solely within computational and statistical boundaries.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}