{
  "purpose": "The code implements statistical functions for spatial point pattern analysis using Ripley's K, L, F, G, and J functions, along with associated hypothesis testing procedures.",
  "sources": "Inputs include 'coordinates' (geopandas objects, numpy arrays, or TREE_TYPES), support parameters, distance matrices or arrays, hull geometries, and optional parameters for edge correction and support calculation. Data is read from function parameters, spatial data structures, and external modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include usage of 'warnings.warn' for warning messages, interpolations, and returning computed statistical results. No untrusted data sinks such as network operations, file writes, or eval statements are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs through preprocessing functions (_prepare), into statistical calculations (f, g, j, k, l), and into testing routines (_ripley_test), with optional interpolations and warnings. No suspicious flow paths or data leaks are identified.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains numerous 'warnings.warn' calls but no suspicious hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code. The 'edge_correction' parameter raises NotImplementedError if used, which is a benign placeholder. No obfuscation, eval, or dynamic code execution observed. Imports are from standard libraries and known spatial analysis packages. No anomalies or suspicious constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs spatial statistical analysis with clear, documented functions. All data handling and calculations follow standard procedures. Warnings are used appropriately to inform users of assumptions or potential issues. No malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. The absence of network operations, hidden file access, or eval statements supports the conclusion of benign intent. Overall, the code appears to be a standard implementation of spatial analysis tools without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate spatial analysis library implementing Ripley's functions and related statistical tests. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior, and no security risks are apparent. It appears to be well-structured, with no suspicious anomalies or obfuscated code.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}