{
  "purpose": "The code implements a client for interacting with the Formula 1 fantasy API, including authentication, fetching league data, user stats, and other related functionalities.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-provided tokens, credentials, and API responses from various endpoints. Sensitive data such as tokens and user credentials are read from function parameters or cookies.",
  "sinks": "Data can flow to API endpoints via HTTP requests, potentially exposing tokens, user credentials, or sensitive data over the network. The code also retrieves user data and league information, which could be sensitive if mishandled.",
  "flows": "User credentials flow to authentication endpoints; tokens are obtained and used in subsequent API requests; user data flows from API responses to internal models. The token renewal process also involves flow from stored tokens to API endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. The token renewal and authentication processes are standard. The code contains a placeholder for a feature ('get_mini_leagues') that is not implemented but does not pose security concerns. The token renewal method sends tokens as plain strings in JSON or cookies. The _get_reese_token method appears non-functional as noted, but this alone isn't malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical API client, with standard authentication, request handling, and data fetching. Sensitive data such as tokens and credentials are passed explicitly via parameters or cookies, avoiding hardcoded secrets. The token renewal involves a POST request with tokens sent as JSON content, which is standard. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are evident. The presence of unimplemented methods suggests incomplete features, but no malicious behavior or sabotage is observed. The HTTP requests contain standard headers; no obfuscated or suspicious code features are present. The code does not perform any malicious actions like data exfiltration, system modification, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code functions as an API client for the Formula 1 fantasy platform, with no evident malicious intent. It handles user data and tokens securely in the context of its purpose. No suspicious, malicious, or sabotage-related behaviors are detected. The code appears legitimate and primarily intended for authorized interaction with the API.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}