{
  "purpose": "The code appears to set up a Streamlit web application with a custom code editor component, dynamically choosing the component's source based on a boolean flag.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (via os.path functions), file paths (os.path.dirname, os.path.abspath), and a hardcoded boolean flag.",
  "sinks": "The code uses the streamlit.components.declare_component function to load a component, which could be a potential sink if malicious code is embedded in the component source.",
  "flows": "Input: environment variables and file paths -> determine component source; Output: declare_component loads component from specified path or URL.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of obfuscated variable names (e.g., InBoEQCeBuabRzBGZEUhUvFsXEmSUdHB, MOQUoEEicvUrqTysMIkgDQcXapaGuxBJ, etc.) and a URL string with an unusual format. The URL 'http://localhost:3001' is standard for local dev, not malicious but noteworthy. The boolean flag controls component source, but does not show malicious intent directly.",
  "analysis": "The code's primary purpose is to dynamically load a Streamlit component named 'code_editor'. It checks a hardcoded boolean flag to decide whether to load from a local URL or a local build directory. The variable names are intentionally obfuscated, which could be an indicator of malicious intent or just code obfuscation. There are no obvious malicious operations such as network data exfiltration, system modification, or code injection. The URL 'http://localhost:3001' suggests local development rather than malicious external server communication. No hardcoded credentials or secret keys are visible. The code does not execute any untrusted input or perform dangerous operations beyond loading a component.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to set up a Streamlit component with obfuscated variable names and dynamic source selection. There are no clear indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The obfuscation could be an attempt to hide malicious intent, but on its own, it is not definitive. Overall, the code seems benign but warrants further review of the actual component source code for completeness.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}