{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be part of a YouTube video downloader or streamer, fetching video information, handling stream maps, and decrypting signatures to generate valid video URLs.",
  "sources": "Data sources include network fetches for video info, watch pages, dash manifests, and javascript files; file system for caching fetched data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include URL generation with decrypted signatures, network requests for fetching video data, and file writes for caching.",
  "flows": "Network fetches (get_video_info, fetch_decode, fetch_cached) supply data to parsing functions (parseqs, _extract_smap, _extract_dash, get_js_sm); data flows into decryption functions (_decodesig) which modify URL signatures; final URLs are constructed in _make_url.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. Signature decryption relies on dynamic JavaScript analysis, which is expected for encrypted signatures. Use of caching is standard. No backdoors or hidden code observed. No obfuscated or misleading code structures present. The code performs expected functions of fetching, parsing, and URL construction.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured to retrieve video data, parse stream maps, handle encrypted signatures via JavaScript analysis and decryption, and cache network responses for efficiency. It uses regex for pattern matching, file system for caching, and network requests for fetching video and javascript files. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as system modification, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors are detected. Signature decryption is necessary for accessing protected streams but does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code functions as intended for a video streaming tool without evident malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate implementation of a YouTube video data fetcher and stream handler, involving signature decryption for encrypted videos. No malicious or sabotage code is present. It performs expected operations with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}