{
  "purpose": "The script configures and builds the 'onnxoptimizer' package using CMake and setuptools, manages versioning, and sets up commands for building, development, testing, and type checking.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (e.g., 'USE_MSVC_STATIC_RUNTIME', 'ONNX_ML', 'CMAKE_ARGS'), accesses the filesystem for version files and README, executes subprocess commands (git, cmake, python scripts), reads version info, and glob patterns for files.",
  "sinks": "Uses subprocess to execute system commands ('git', 'cmake', 'python'), potentially allowing command injection if environment variables are maliciously crafted. Reads version data from files, which could be tampered with, but no unsafe deserialization is present. No network communication or data exfiltration observed.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and subprocess commands influence build configuration; subprocess calls invoke external tools; environment variables could inject malicious commands if manipulated.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials. The code executes external processes with data from environment variables, which could be exploited if environment variables are maliciously set. The script is complex, but the code appears to follow standard build practices without obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily automates building a Python package with CMake and setuptools, using environment variables for configuration. It calls subprocess to run system commands such as 'git' and 'cmake', with parameters influenced by environment variables. These subprocess calls could pose security risks if environment variables are maliciously altered to include harmful commands, but no evidence of code injection or malicious payloads is present. The code reads version info from files and executes external build commands without parsing untrusted data. No suspicious network activity or backdoors are evident. Overall, the code adheres to standard build procedures and does not contain malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a build and setup script for the 'onnxoptimizer' package, executing system commands and reading configuration data. There are potential risks if environment variables are maliciously manipulated, but no deliberate malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware are detected. The script appears to be a standard build setup with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}