{
  "purpose": "The script is a setup configuration for building, packaging, and deploying the 'onnxoptimizer' Python package, including custom build commands utilizing CMake and other build tools.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (e.g., 'CMAKE_ARGS', 'MAX_JOBS', 'USE_MSVC_STATIC_RUNTIME', 'ONNX_ML', etc.), subprocess calls (e.g., 'git rev-parse', 'cmake'), file operations (e.g., reading version and description files), and dynamic command-line argument parsing.",
  "sinks": "Subprocess executions for 'git', 'cmake', and build commands; file writes to generate version info; environment variable access that could influence build configuration; dynamic command execution via subprocess.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence subprocess commands and build configurations; subprocess calls execute potentially external or malicious code if environment is compromised; file generation (version.py) is controlled and appears standard; build commands may execute external build tools, but no malicious code is apparent.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code segments such as network activity, data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection detected. The code only interacts with build tools, environment variables, and filesystem. No obfuscated code or hidden logic is present. Usage of subprocess is standard but warrants cautious handling in untrusted environments; however, it appears to be for legitimate build processes.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive setup script for a Python package, performing environment setup, version management, and building via CMake. It uses subprocess calls for version retrieval and build execution, environment variables to configure build options, and standard file operations for version info. There are no indications of malicious payloads, network activity, or data theft. The subprocess calls and environment variable usage are typical for build scripts. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are detected. The script appears to be a standard, complex build configuration with proper precautions and no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate build and setup script for the 'onnxoptimizer' package, with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It employs standard practices for package building, version management, and environment configuration. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}