{
  "purpose": "This script demonstrates managing Azure Service Bus topics and subscriptions with rules and filters, sending messages, and receiving filtered messages asynchronously.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (SERVICEBUS_TOPIC_NAME, SERVICEBUS_FULLY_QUALIFIED_NAMESPACE), Azure credentials, and message properties during message creation and reception.",
  "sinks": "Outputs information to the console; no data is written to external systems or files.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and credentials are used to establish clients; messages are created and sent with properties; rules and filters are set on subscriptions; messages are received and processed; no external data flows or network communications outside Azure SDK interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or secrets; standard use of Azure SDKs. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The code handles resource management cleanly, creates and deletes subscriptions/rules. No hidden backdoors or malicious network activity observed. Usage of environment variables and SDK calls appears normal for Azure SDK operations.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard Azure SDK practices for managing Service Bus topics and subscriptions, with proper resource cleanup and exception handling. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present; credentials are obtained via DefaultAzureCredential. Message properties are used for filtering, which is typical. No suspicious or malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or system disruption, is evident. The code's functionality aligns with its purpose as an example or testing script. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate demonstration of Azure Service Bus features without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard, benign example demonstrating Azure Service Bus management, message filtering, and communication. No malicious or maliciously intended behavior is detected. The code follows expected patterns for its purpose and does not pose security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}