{
  "purpose": "Client for interacting with Apache Flink REST API, including managing jobs and deploying SQL jobs.",
  "sources": "Environment variables via 'config' parameter, network requests via 'requests' library, user inputs in method parameters such as job_id, sql_statements, job_name.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to Flink REST API endpoints, logging output, potential response data processing.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (job_id, sql_statements, job_name) -> API request functions -> response handling -> possible exceptions or data returned.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. Use of environment variables is indirect via 'config' parameter; no direct leakage observed. No obfuscated code or suspicious variable naming. No unusual data flows or hidden behaviors. No dynamic code execution or code injection present. The code appears straightforward and follows typical patterns for REST API interaction.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a REST API client for Apache Flink, handling job management and SQL deployment through standard HTTP requests. It uses environment-based configuration for ports and savepoint directories, with no evidence of hardcoded secrets. Error handling and logging are present but standard. The flow from input parameters to API requests is clear and conventional. There are no indications of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized system access. The code does not perform any suspicious or malicious activities, nor does it contain obfuscated or hidden logic. The only potential concern is the deployment and management of SQL jobs, but this is typical functionality and not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API client for managing Flink jobs, with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It follows standard practices for REST API interaction, with no evidence of hidden or malicious code segments.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}