{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to fetch flight information from Google Travel Flights by automating a Chromium browser instance using Playwright, interacting with the page, accepting cookies, and clicking buttons to reveal detailed flight info.",
  "sources": "Reads URL input from function parameters; reads page URL after navigation; reads attribute values ('aria-label', innerHTML of locator).",
  "sinks": "Dispatches click events on page elements; evaluates innerHTML of locator; potentially exposes data through returned HTML content.",
  "flows": "URL constructed from input parameters → fetch_with_playwright navigates to URL → interacts with page elements → retrieves inner HTML → returns data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Uses 'asyncio.run' for synchronous execution of async code, which is typical. The use of headless=False may reveal visual automation but isn't suspicious itself. No suspicious network connections or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The script employs Playwright to automate Chromium for fetching flight data, including accepting cookies and clicking buttons. It dynamically interacts with page elements based on locators. No malicious code such as data theft, network exfiltration, or backdoors is evident. The code only interacts with publicly available web page elements and does not perform any unauthorized system actions. No suspicious external connections or hidden behaviors are present. The approach appears consistent with legitimate automation of web scraping or data retrieval tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard web automation script for extracting flight information from Google Travel. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It performs interactions typical of web scraping automation, with no signs of malicious intent or security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}