{
  "purpose": "This code defines Pulumi provider classes for managing Azure resources, including configuration and authentication settings.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters, environment variables (via _utilities.get_env), and resource options. Secrets are obtained through secret outputs and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink points include storing sensitive data such as client secrets, certificates, tokens, and subscription IDs in secret outputs or variables, which are handled securely. No unsafe external network or file operations are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment variables or parameters into resource properties and outputs, with some secrets being marked for secret handling. The flow appears standard for resource configuration.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains the use of secret outputs for sensitive data, which is appropriate; however, no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are observed. The code's purpose is standard resource and provider configuration. The deprecation warning for 'skip_provider_registration' and environment variable defaults are consistent with normal practices.",
  "analysis": "The code defines Pulumi resource classes for configuring Azure providers, with careful handling of secrets and environment variables. It uses standard patterns for secret management, including Output.secret wrappers. There are no signs of data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or backdoors. The deprecation warning is properly documented. The code does not perform any dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious file operations. It is a well-structured resource configuration class, adhering to Pulumi best practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate Pulumi provider implementation for Azure, securely handling sensitive data and environment configuration. No malicious behavior or sabotage signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}