{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to convert images from various formats to specified target formats, supporting batch processing via directories.",
  "sources": "Input image path or directory (via command-line argument or function parameter).",
  "sinks": "File write operations for converted images, potential deletion of original files, and imports of external libraries.",
  "flows": "Input paths are validated and images are read (using OpenCV or Pillow), then converted and saved to output locations, with optional deletion of original files.",
  "anomalies": "Use of system exit calls within processing functions could be abrupt, but not malicious. Dynamic import of 'pillow_heif' library occurs only when HEIC/HEIF formats are processed, which is standard. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious backdoors are present. No obfuscated code, unusual language features, or misleading variables detected.",
  "analysis": "The script performs image conversion with appropriate input validation and error handling. It handles special formats like HEIC/HEIF via optional libraries. File operations are straightforward, with no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The code does delete original files after conversion if specified, which is a legitimate feature but can be potentially dangerous if misused. No network activity or suspicious external connections are observed. External library usage ('pillow_heif') is optional and relevant for format support, not malicious. Overall, the code appears to serve its intended purpose without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard image conversion utility with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It includes safe handling of various image formats, proper error handling, and optional deletion of source files. No suspicious or malicious activities are evident. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}