{
  "purpose": "This code provides a mixin class for exception handling assertions in testing frameworks, allowing users to assert that functions raise expected exceptions when called with specific arguments.",
  "sources": "The code reads from imported modules (sys, collections), class method inputs, and the attributes of self (self.val, self.expected, self.builder, etc.). No external input sources are explicitly read in this code snippet.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write to or influence any external systems, files, network, or environment variables. It raises exceptions and calls internal methods, but no untrusted data is directed to sensitive sinks.",
  "flows": "Inputs include function references, arguments, and expected exceptions; these flow through methods raising and catching exceptions, and returning builder instances. There are no external data flows to critical sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or obfuscation. The code is straightforward and consistent with typical testing assertion implementations.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a mixin class for exception assertion in tests, with methods to set expected exceptions and verify function behavior. It performs standard type checks, raises errors if misused, and handles exceptions internally to validate behavior. There are no signs of malicious behavior, external data leaks, or code injection. The logic is clear, intended for testing purposes, and contains no hidden or obfuscated code. No external network or system calls are made, and no sensitive data is handled.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard testing utility for asserting exception raising behavior. It does not contain malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or security risks. It is safe for use and does not perform any harmful actions. Overall, it is a benign, well-structured testing helper.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}