{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Terraform resource for managing sensitive files via the CDK for Terraform (CDKTF), allowing users to specify file content, permissions, and source, and supporting resource import functionality.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from constructor parameters such as filename, content, content_base64, source, and other configuration options. Also reads static information from imported modules and class properties.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks for untrusted data are present. The code does not write to external systems, send data over networks, or execute commands. It primarily sets attributes for resource creation.",
  "flows": "Input parameters like filename, content, content_base64, and source flow into resource configuration. No processing or untrusted data manipulation beyond parameter assignment occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are observed. The code appears to be a standard resource definition with comprehensive type checks and proper structuring. The presence of type guard functions and method stubs suggests it's an auto-generated or framework-generated code, not obfuscated or malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard infrastructure as code resource class for Terraform, implemented with CDKTF. It includes type checking stubs, property setters and getters, and resource configuration logic. There is no indication of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors. The module does not perform network operations, process untrusted input beyond setting resource attributes, or contain obfuscated logic. The functions and properties strictly relate to resource configuration and import mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate resource definition for managing sensitive files within Terraform CDK. It contains no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. The structure and content are typical for an auto-generated or framework-based infrastructure code module. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}