{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python class for managing Terraform sensitive file resources within a CDK for Terraform (CDKTF) environment, including type checking and resource configuration.",
  "sources": "Imports modules for type checking, CDKTF constructs, and provider-specific classes. The class constructor reads input parameters such as filename, content, permissions, and source. Type hints and input validation occur during instantiation.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting of resource attributes like content, source, and permissions, which could be misused if inputs are malicious. No network, file system, or data exfiltration functions are explicitly present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (source, content, permissions) flow into the class constructor and attribute setters, affecting resource configuration. No external data flows or untrusted external sources are evident outside parameter inputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; the code is predominantly boilerplate for resource definition. No evidence of obfuscation, backdoors, or hidden malicious code. The type checking functions and resource class are standard. The 'check_type' function adapts based on package version, but this is typical version-dependent logic.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a Terraform resource class for sensitive files, with type-safe property setters and getters, and functions for import configuration. All logic is standard for resource management. There are no network calls, system modifications, or data leaks. The structure and formatting suggest typical generated or boilerplate code for resource management. The only area of concern would be accepting untrusted input into content or source parameters, but this is inherent to resource configuration and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a Terraform resource class with type checking and configuration methods. No malicious behavior or sabotage is evident. It functions as intended for infrastructure as code purposes. No evidence suggests malware or security risks beyond typical resource configuration risks, which depend on user input.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}