{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Terraform resource for managing sensitive files using the CDK for Terraform (CDKTF) framework, allowing users to create, import, and configure secure files in infrastructure as code.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from constructor parameters such as filename, content, content_base64, source, and other configuration options. It also imports package metadata to determine the version of 'typeguard'.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks that handle untrusted data directly; the code primarily sets properties for resource configuration and invokes JSII methods for resource creation and management.",
  "flows": "Input parameters like filename, content, content_base64, and source flow into the constructor and property setters, which pass data to JSII create and invoke methods for resource handling. No data flows directly from untrusted sources to sensitive operations that could cause harm.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code appears to be a standard resource definition with dynamic type checking and package metadata handling. No backdoors, malicious code, or suspicious logic are evident. The use of JSII and Terraform constructs is typical and does not suggest obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured class for managing sensitive files in a Terraform CDK environment. It performs type checks, dynamically configures resource properties, and interfaces with JSII for resource instantiation. The functions and data structures follow standard patterns for infrastructure as code resources. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or unauthorized system modifications. The absence of external network communications, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated logic indicates no malware presence. The reliance on external libraries (like typeguard, JSII, CDKTF) is typical and not suspicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate resource definition for managing sensitive files in an IaC context. It contains no malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. Its purpose is to facilitate secure file management within Terraform projects using CDKTF. No indicators of supply chain attacks or malicious sabotage are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}