{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to encrypt or decrypt Python code files using a custom TokenCryptor, wrapping the content in an executable script that decrypts and runs the code.",
  "sources": "Reads input Python file specified by --input argument, reads file content, and potentially reads environment variables or external modules if used within the code.",
  "sinks": "Writes to output file specified by --output argument; executes decrypted code dynamically via exec() within run_decrypted_code().",
  "flows": "Reads input file -> encrypts or passes through content -> embeds encrypted code in a new script -> writes output file -> optionally executes code at runtime via exec() within run_decrypted_code().",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic execution with exec() to run decrypted code, which can be exploited if the encrypted content is manipulated. The decryption process and embedding create an obfuscated behavior that might hinder straightforward analysis. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code present, but the pattern of decrypting and executing code at runtime can be misused.",
  "analysis": "The code imports 'argparse' for argument parsing and 'os' for directory operations, which are standard. It imports 'TokenCryptor' from 'notoken887.encryptor', which is an external dependency. The function 'encrypt_code' encrypts non-import lines, leaving import statements plaintext, and wraps the encrypted code in a new script that decrypts and executes it dynamically. 'process_file' handles file reading/writing, creating necessary directories, and wraps the encrypted code into a self-decrypting executable script when mode 'e' is selected. Mode 'd' passes the content unchanged. The main() function manages command-line arguments. The use of exec() for executing decrypted code at runtime poses a security risk if the encrypted content is compromised or manipulated, as it allows arbitrary code execution. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident, but the pattern of decrypting and executing code dynamically could be exploited for malicious purposes if misused. The code itself appears to be a tool for code obfuscation or protection, not inherently malicious, but its capability to execute decrypted code at runtime is a potential vector for malicious activity depending on the encrypted content.\n",
  "conclusion": "The script is a code encryption/decryption tool that dynamically executes decrypted code, which can be risky. While it does not contain overt malicious behavior or hardcoded secrets, its pattern of decrypting and executing code at runtime can be exploited for malicious purposes if used improperly. The overall security risk is moderate, primarily due to dynamic execution.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "report_number": 3
}