{
  "purpose": "The code provides a command-line utility to encrypt or decrypt Python files using the TokenCryptor library, embedding encrypted code into a wrapper that decrypts and executes it at runtime.",
  "sources": "Reads input Python files from specified file paths; reads mode ('e' or 'd') from command-line arguments.",
  "sinks": "Writes output files with either encrypted/decrypted content; executes decrypted code dynamically via 'exec' within 'run_decrypted_code()'.",
  "flows": "Reads file content -> encrypts (if mode 'e') -> embeds encrypted code in a wrapper -> writes to output -> at runtime, decrypts and executes code dynamically.",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic execution ('exec') of decrypted code, which is a potential security concern. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors are present. The code depends on an external 'TokenCryptor' library, which could contain malicious behavior, but is not inherently suspicious from this code alone.",
  "analysis": "The script reads Python source files, optionally encrypts their contents, and embeds the encrypted data within a Python script that decrypts and executes it at runtime. The use of 'exec' on decrypted code is a significant security risk, as it allows arbitrary code execution. The encryption approach obfuscates the code, but does not itself introduce malicious behavior. The script is designed for obfuscation or protected code deployment. No hardcoded secrets or malicious network activity are evident. The dependency 'notoken887.encryptor' is external; its trustworthiness cannot be verified from this code alone. Overall, the code could be used maliciously if the encrypted code or the external library contains malicious payloads, but the code itself is not explicitly malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as an obfuscation tool that encrypts and executes Python code at runtime using dynamic execution. While the code itself does not contain malicious payloads, the reliance on 'exec' and external 'TokenCryptor' raises security concerns. The pattern is typical of obfuscation tools that could be exploited for malicious purposes if misused or if the external library is compromised. Overall, the script has a high potential for malicious use depending on the context and the content it processes.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 2
}