{
  "purpose": "Implementation of hypergeometric functions (specifically 2F1) in TensorFlow, used for mathematical computations within the TensorFlow Probability library.",
  "sources": "Imports numpy, TensorFlow (via tf), and internal utility modules for dtype and static shape operations. The code reads input parameters for hypergeometric functions and constants.",
  "sinks": "TensorFlow operations that process input parameters and produce function outputs. No external data sinks or network communications are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters a, b, c, z are read, converted to tensors, and processed through various mathematical transformations, series expansions, and recurrence relations to compute the hypergeometric function. The main flow involves series summation and recurrence relations to ensure convergence.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. Use of mathematical identities and recurrence relations appears standard. No obfuscated code or unusual control flows. No signs of malicious data leakage, network activity, or system disruption.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions for computing the hypergeometric function 2F1, including series expansion, recurrence relations, and transformations based on parameter regimes. It employs careful numerical stability techniques like rescaling and convergence checks. No external or untrusted data is fetched or sent. The code appears to be a legitimate mathematical implementation, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, mathematically focused implementation of hypergeometric functions within TensorFlow Probability. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms. It uses standard numerical methods and transformations consistent with mathematical literature. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}