{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Result class used to read query results from a database connection, including methods for fetching and interpreting data types from a native C API.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the native C API functions (via ffi), external data streams from the database engine, and data read from the result set chunks (pointers to values and sizes).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include data conversions to Python objects, casting of raw pointers to specific data types, and bytes/string decoding from raw buffers. Also, the __del__ method warns if the object is not properly closed, which could mask resource leaks.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the native C API functions into Python via ffi buffers and pointers, then into type-specific read methods, and finally into Python objects returned by get_value and get_values. The flow depends on the column data type and current row context.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses direct ffi calls for reading data, which is typical for C bindings. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The __del__ method issues a warning if the object is not explicitly closed, which is a good practice. No hidden or obfuscated code is present. The code relies heavily on external C functions without validation of data origin, but this is expected for a low-level API binding.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard database result set reader that interfaces with native C functions via ffi. It carefully manages native resources, with methods to fetch and process various data types from raw pointers. The __del__ method issues a warning if the object is not properly closed, which could be used maliciously for resource management issues but is a common pattern. No hardcoded secrets, network activity, or reverse-engineering tactics are present. The code does not perform any data exfiltration, remote command execution, or other malicious activities. It is a straightforward wrapper around C API calls for data retrieval, with standard resource management and data conversion routines.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate and well-structured database result set reader, interfacing with native C functions to fetch data and convert it into Python objects. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The resource management warning in __del__ is good practice rather than malicious. Overall, the code is safe and aligns with typical low-level API bindings, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}