{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Result class for reading query results from a database connection, including methods for data retrieval and schema access.",
  "sources": "Data sources include the imported modules, the ffi objects, and the connection object. Data is read from the __cdata pointer via C functions and ffi buffers.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially reach the user through get_value() or get_values() methods, which convert raw C data to Python objects. There are no obvious network sinks or data exfiltration points.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the underlying C library functions (via ffi) through various __read_* methods, converting raw bytes or C types into Python objects, then to the user via get_value() or get_values().",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual obfuscated code. The code uses standard ffi calls, proper resource management, and conventional data conversions. No dynamic code execution or suspicious network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical database result handler, wrapping C library calls via ffi to read database query results. It carefully manages resources, provides a clear interface for data access, and does not perform any operations that could be malicious. The methods convert native data to Python types safely, and no signs of data leakage, code injection, or hidden backdoors are evident. The structure and functionality align with standard database client implementations. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are found. The code appears to be a legitimate component for data retrieval with appropriate resource cleanup and error handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a database result handler with no malicious behavior detected. It safely interfaces with native C code to access query results and exposes them to Python in a controlled manner. There are no signs of malware, suspicious data leaks, or security risks within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}