{
  "purpose": "This code processes COVID-19 data, including downloading datasets, reading local files, and performing data analysis related to death cases and testing statistics for Poland.",
  "sources": "Data is read from URLs, local resource files (CSV and JSON), and external APIs (covid19dh). User inputs are indirectly involved via city names passed to functions.",
  "sinks": "Data is loaded into pandas DataFrames, and some data is returned or stored locally; no evident data leaks or external data exfiltration points. No network or system commands executing untrusted inputs are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from URLs or local files into DataFrames, processed within functions, and results are returned. User-provided city names influence data filtering but do not directly affect external system calls.",
  "anomalies": "Function and variable names are obfuscated or nonsensical, suggesting potential obfuscation or code concealment. No hardcoded credentials are present. The code accesses and loads local data and makes network requests only for data retrieval, not for malicious purposes. The code structure is complex but does not perform suspicious actions like network exfiltration, command execution, or data theft.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles data acquisition, storage, and analysis related to COVID-19. It downloads an Excel file and reads CSV/JSON files, then processes the data into pandas DataFrames. The functions involve data filtering based on city names and dates. No code injection, command execution, or data exfiltration is observed. The obfuscation in naming conventions is a concern, but no malicious intent is clearly evident. The network activity is limited to fetching publicly available datasets, with no suspicious or hidden network behavior. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. Overall, the code appears to be standard data processing with obfuscated naming, lacking malicious or sabotage behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily focused on COVID-19 data processing with obfuscated identifiers but does not exhibit malicious behavior. No malware or security risks are detected beyond possible obfuscation. It is safe for use, assuming the data sources are legitimate and trusted.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}