{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be for downloading, processing, and analyzing COVID-19 death and testing data, particularly related to Poland and regional statistics.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from URLs, local CSV files, and JSON files embedded in the package resources. External data is fetched via HTTP requests and local file reads.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed and returned as pandas DataFrames; no evident data leaks or untrusted data effects outside data handling within the code. No external output or data exfiltration is present.",
  "flows": "Data is fetched from URLs or files, loaded into pandas DataFrames, manipulated (filtering, merging, calculating differences), and finally returned or stored locally. External requests to fetch Excel files or JSON files are key source-to-sink flows.",
  "anomalies": "The class and function names are obfuscated and nonsensical, which is unusual and may be suspicious. The code uses broad exception handling without logging or re-raising, potentially hiding errors. There is no clear purpose indicated by the function or class names. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code actions are evident. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation techniques are used beyond obfuscated names. The code downloads data from official URLs but does not transmit data elsewhere.",
  "analysis": "The code's primary operations involve data retrieval from known URLs and local resources, parsing JSON and CSV files, and processing COVID-19 data. The obfuscated class and function names could be a sign of concealment but are not inherently malicious. The broad exception handling in functions suppresses errors, which might hide malicious attempts to interfere but also may be used for robustness. No network connections are made to suspicious domains or for data exfiltration. The data flows are confined within legitimate data processing routines. No backdoors, system command executions, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code's use of external data sources and local files appears consistent with data analysis tasks, not malicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily performs data collection, processing, and analysis related to COVID-19, with obfuscated naming possibly indicating concealment but no malicious intent. No malware behaviors, such as data theft, backdoors, or system manipulation, are evident. The broad exception handling could mask errors, but it does not suggest malicious sabotage. Overall, the code appears to be for legitimate data analysis purposes without malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}