{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for resolving URIs, creating content-addressed GitHub URIs, validating supported URIs, generating latest block URIs, and verifying chain consistency via web3. It interacts with external APIs (GitHub, IPFS) and blockchain data sources.",
  "sources": "Network requests to GitHub API (`requests.get`), blockchain data fetches via `w3.eth.get_block`, URI parsing functions, and input parameters such as URIs and Web3 instances.",
  "sinks": "External network responses (JSON from GitHub, blockchain data), returned URI strings, and data used for validation or further processing.",
  "flows": "URI inputs are validated and used to fetch data from external sources; responses are parsed and validated; data flows from network responses into functions that produce URIs or validation results.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The code performs standard URI handling and network operations with proper error handling.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard URI resolution, content fetching from GitHub, and blockchain data validation. It uses network requests with status checks (`raise_for_status`) and basic validation of external data (e.g., 'type' == 'file'). No malicious payloads, obfuscation, or malicious logic are detected. The recursive resolution in `resolve_uri_contents` is typical for such utilities. The security risks are primarily related to reliance on external data sources, which is inherent in such functions but does not indicate malicious intent. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and security risk score is approximately 0.2, reflecting typical external dependency risks. Overall, the code is well-structured, performs expected functions, and shows no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for blockchain URI handling with no malicious intent. It relies on external data sources, which introduces typical external dependency risks but no malicious activity. The scores assigned in the reports are accurate and consistent with the code's behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}