{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for resolving URIs related to blockchain content, creating content-addressed URIs, and verifying chain information using Web3.",
  "sources": "URI inputs for resolution and validation, network requests to GitHub API, Web3 blockchain data retrieval functions.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to GitHub API (potential data exfiltration or malicious responses), Web3 blockchain data access (potential leakage or manipulation), raising exceptions based on URI validation.",
  "flows": "Input URI → Validation and network request → Data processing and validation → Possible exceptions or returned URIs or booleans.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or backdoors. Use of external requests (requests.get) could be misused if the target URI is malicious but appears legitimate. The code mostly relies on external valid endpoints and Web3 calls; no apparent malicious code or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code performs URI resolution and validation for blockchain-related URIs, including GitHub and IPFS. It makes network requests via 'requests.get' to GitHub APIs, which could be exploited if the API endpoints are manipulated or if malicious URIs are provided. The functions do not include any obfuscated code or malicious logic; they perform straightforward validation, data retrieval, and transformation tasks. Web3 interactions appear standard for blockchain data access. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident. The code’s main concern is network interactions which could be manipulated if malicious URIs are supplied, but the code itself does not perform harmful actions like data exfiltration or system compromise.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate utility functions for blockchain URI handling and Web3 interactions. It does not contain malicious intent or malware. The use of network requests is standard, with no signs of malicious payloads. Slight caution is warranted if malicious URIs are used, but the code itself is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}