{
  "purpose": "This module provides utilities related to process modeling, electrical and mechanical efficiencies, and international power standards for chemical engineering design applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data, constants, and parameters such as flow rates, power values, efficiency tables, country codes, voltage levels, and plug types. It also includes functions that compute efficiencies, power, and speed based on input parameters.",
  "sinks": "The functions compute efficiency and power values based on input parameters; no data flows from untrusted sources into security-sensitive sinks. No network, file, or system command interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Inputs such as Q, P, V, load, and frequency are processed through mathematical functions and interpolations. The code mainly performs calculations and data lookups; no external untrusted data is used at runtime.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive data tables and constants for efficiencies, power standards, and country-specific electrical data. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscated code are present. No unusual code patterns or malicious privacy violations detected. The functions perform standard engineering calculations without side effects or external communications.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines constants, data tables, and straightforward calculation functions related to efficiencies, power standards, and electrical configurations. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or system commands are present. The functions perform standard mathematical operations, interpolations, and lookups typical in engineering utility modules. The large amount of data tables appears to be for lookup purposes only, with no evidence of malicious intent or hidden behavior. No obfuscated code features or suspicious patterns are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility library for process and electrical engineering calculations, relying on predefined data and straightforward mathematical functions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks within this module. It appears safe for use in engineering applications.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}