{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and data related to chemical engineering process modeling, including efficiencies, motor calculations, pump parameters, electrical data, and utility constants.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through function parameters, such as flow rate (Q), power (P), voltage (V), frequency (f), and load factors. It also accesses predefined constants and data structures for electrical power specifications and efficiencies.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could flow into functions via parameters like P, Q, load, V, or frequency, but these are standard calculation inputs. No untrusted external input sources or network calls are present. Data is primarily static or derived from inputs.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., P, Q, V, load) are used in calculations within functions such as Corripio_pump_efficiency, motor_efficiency_underloaded, VFD_efficiency, and other utility functions. The functions perform mathematical operations like logarithms, square roots, and interpolations on these inputs without external data fetching or side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior is present. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code constructs are detected. The data structures contain static data, with no dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or external code loading. Comments and constants are related solely to engineering calculations.",
  "analysis": "The code is straightforward and serves as an engineering utility library. It includes mathematical models, data constants, and data structures relevant to electrical and mechanical engineering. The functions implement formulas and interpolation methods with no signs of malicious intent. No network activity, file I/O, or hidden code is present. The constants and data are static and related to the domain, not suspicious. The import statements only bring in standard math functions and numerics from a trusted library, with no indication of malicious modules. Overall, the code appears purely functional and domain-specific, with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a domain-specific utility library for chemical engineering calculations and electrical data management. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms. No suspicious data flows or operations are detected. It is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}