{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface definitions for the AWS KMS service in boto3, providing structured API interactions and exception handling.",
  "sources": "Imports of standard libraries, boto3, botocore, and internal type definitions; method definitions with request parameters and return types; property and method decorators.",
  "sinks": "Method parameters, especially those unpacked with 'Unpack' and 'kwargs', which could potentially accept untrusted input; method return statements.",
  "flows": "Input data via method arguments flows into API request construction; responses flow back to calling code; exception properties may handle error data.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, hidden code, or unusual language features. Use of type annotations and overloads consistent with API design. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The class functions primarily as a structured interface, with no evidence of malicious data exfiltration, system manipulation, or covert communication.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured interface and type annotation layer for the AWS KMS client, providing method signatures, exception types, and pagination support. It leverages standard Python typing, overloads, and API documentation links for clarity. There are no dynamic code executions, suspicious network operations, or data leaks. The unpacked request types indicate structured API interactions, not malicious inputs. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior are detected. The code serves as a type-safe wrapper around boto3's KMS client, with no malicious intent evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured type annotation and interface definition for AWS KMS client interactions. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The design aligns with SDK and API documentation standards. Therefore, the overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}