{
  "purpose": "The code is a setup script for packaging a Python project, primarily reading dependencies, version info, and invoking setup().",
  "sources": "Reads 'requirements.txt' for dependencies; imports numpy and scipy; reads 'forestci/version.py' via exec() to obtain version info.",
  "sinks": "exec() executes 'forestci/version.py', which could be a potential sink if the file is malicious or tampered with.",
  "flows": "Reads dependencies and version info from external files; executes 'version.py' via exec() to set version variables.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on 'forestci/version.py' as a pattern to load version info; no other anomalies detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is standard packaging boilerplate with dependency checks and version loading. The main point of concern is the use of exec() to execute 'version.py', which could be risky if the file is compromised. No malicious code, network activity, or obfuscation is present. The code is straightforward and well-structured. The potential security risk stems from executing external code via exec(), but in typical controlled environments, this pattern is common. The malware score remains 0, as no malicious activity is evident. The obfuscated score is 0, given the clarity of the code. The security risk score is modest (around 0.2-0.3), reflecting the exec() pattern's inherent risk but no active threat. Confidence in this assessment is high (around 0.8-1).",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard setup script with no malicious intent. The primary concern is the use of exec() to load version info, which could be exploited if 'version.py' is maliciously altered. No evidence of malware or obfuscation is present. The current scores are appropriate, with malware at 0, obfuscated at 0, and a low to moderate security risk score due to exec() usage. To improve security, replacing exec() with safer import mechanisms is recommended. Overall, the script is safe in typical environments, but caution should be exercised regarding the version file integrity.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}