{
  "purpose": "The code defines enums, constants, classes, and type annotations related to a real-time messaging system using Phoenix channels. It appears to set up data structures and callback types for handling presence, channel states, and events.",
  "sources": "No explicit input sources; the code primarily defines constants, classes, and types. It does include input points in class constructors where data can be assigned, but no external input reading or data fetching is present.",
  "sinks": "No direct data sinks or untrusted data outputs are present. The code primarily sets up data models and constants without any network or system calls.",
  "flows": "The flow is mainly data structure definitions; constructors initialize class instances with provided data. No active flow of untrusted data from source to sink is present.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard enum and class definitions without suspicious hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code. No anomalies such as malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. No use of unsafe functions, dynamic execution, or hidden payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a well-structured setup for a Phoenix real-time system with presence tracking. It uses constants, enums, and TypedDicts to define various events, states, and configurations. There are no indications of malicious intent such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The constructors and type annotations align with typical use cases in real-time event handling. The code does not include any dynamic code execution, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious logic. It functions as a set of data definitions and configurations for real-time communication features.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is benign and focuses on data modeling and constants for a Phoenix-based real-time system. No malicious or security-threatening behaviors are present. It appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation for managing real-time channel states, presence, and events.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}