{
  "purpose": "This code is a configuration file for Sphinx documentation of the python-etcd3 project. It primarily sets up documentation parameters and modifies some standard library functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the filesystem (os.getcwd(), os.path.abspath), environment (sys.path), and imports the etcd3 library.",
  "sinks": "The code does not appear to process or output untrusted data; no sensitive sinks are present.",
  "flows": "There are no data flows from sources to sinks involving untrusted data; the code mainly configures documentation build parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The code redefines functools.wraps with no_op_wraps, which is unusual but not malicious; this could potentially interfere with standard function metadata preservation but does not appear malicious. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The import of etcd3 is normal, assuming the package is intended to be documented. There is no network activity, no code execution from external sources, and no suspicious obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard Sphinx configuration file with an unusual override of functools.wraps to a no-op function, which may affect function metadata but is not inherently malicious. The import of etcd3 is typical for documentation purposes. There are no signs of malicious code, data exfiltration, or harmful behavior. The script does modify some standard Python functions, but in a way that appears intended for documentation generation, not malicious intent. No external network calls or sensitive data handling are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical documentation configuration script with a benign override of functools.wraps. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. The unusual modification of functools.wraps is noteworthy but not malicious; it likely affects documentation generation behavior. Overall, the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}