{
  "purpose": "The code provides decorators for monitoring and tracking asynchronous functions, specifically for timing, exception counting, and in-progress tracking, primarily used for metrics collection in an asyncio environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input or untrusted data; it primarily manipulates functions and metrics objects passed as arguments.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present that process untrusted data; the code only interacts with metric objects (Observer, Incrementer, Gauge) provided externally.",
  "flows": "The code wraps coroutine functions to measure execution time, count exceptions, or track in-progress status by invoking methods on passed metric objects. There are no external data flows or data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hardcoded secrets, or unusual code behaviors are detected. The code employs standard patterns for decorators and async handling. No obfuscated or suspicious language features.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple overloads for functions that can act as decorators or direct coroutine wrappers. It uses 'wrapt.decorator' for decorator creation, which is a common pattern. It leverages 'perf_counter' for high-resolution timing. The metric objects (Observer, Incrementer, Gauge) are expected to have specific methods ('observe', 'inc', 'dec') but are used safely without any dynamic code execution, network calls, or data leakage. There are no signs of malicious code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. The overall structure is clear and adheres to standard monitoring patterns. No suspicious or malicious behavior is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of asyncio metrics decorators, used for timing, exception counting, and in-progress tracking. It performs no malicious actions, contains no suspicious code, and poses no security risks. It is a safe, typical utility code for metrics collection.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}