{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of custom exception classes and utility functions for handling errors in a Sass (CSS preprocessor) compiler, including error formatting and traceback management.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily from exception parameters, such as error messages, input strings, positions, and rule objects; no external input sources are explicitly read in this code.",
  "sinks": "The code generates formatted error messages, including CSS snippets and traceback strings, which are used for debugging or displaying errors. No direct untrusted data sink such as network, file, or database access is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from exception objects and parameters through formatting functions to produce error messages or CSS error overlays, but there are no flows involving untrusted input directly leading to security-sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. It uses standard exception handling and string formatting. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution is present. No signs of malicious intent or privacy violations are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a structured approach to error handling in a Sass compiler context, with custom exceptions and detailed error message formatting for both debugging and user display purposes. It includes functions to add visual markers in error strings and generate CSS overlays for errors in browsers. There are no indications of code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior. Usage of string replacements in to_css() is for escaping characters in error messages, not for executing untrusted code. No external data sources or sinks that could be exploited are present. Overall, the code appears to be a standard error management module without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard error handling module for a Sass compiler, with no evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It provides utilities for error reporting and visualization without interacting with untrusted external sources or performing unsafe operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}