{
  "purpose": "The code provides static type definitions for various components of a Minecraft launcher library, including credentials, version info, and configuration data. It is intended for type checking and IDE support, not runtime logic.",
  "sources": "Type annotations within class definitions, such as 'uuid: uuid4' and 'uuid: uuid4' imports, which are used as type hints or default values.",
  "sinks": "No runtime data processing, input/output, or external data handling present; thus, no sinks exist that could lead to data leaks or malicious effects.",
  "flows": "No data flows or execution paths, as the code is purely declarative type definitions.",
  "anomalies": "The 'uuid' field in the Credential TypedDict is assigned 'uuid4', which is a function, not a value. This causes the 'uuid' to be set to the function object at module load time, leading to unintended behavior if used as a default value or in logic. This is a logical mistake, not malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of type annotations defining data structures for the Minecraft launcher library. The only noteworthy anomaly is the use of 'uuid4' in the Credential class, which is a function imported from 'uuid' and used as a type or default value. This causes the 'uuid' field to be assigned the 'uuid4' function object at module load, rather than generating a new UUID per credential instance. This could lead to bugs or confusion but does not constitute malicious activity. No external data flows, code injection, or malicious behavior are present. The code is straightforward and static, with no obfuscation or runtime logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of static type definitions with a minor logical flaw in the 'uuid' field of Credential, which could cause unintended behavior but poses no security threat or malware risk. All reports correctly identify the absence of malicious activity. The main issue is the misuse of 'uuid4' as a default value, which should be replaced with a proper runtime UUID generation. Overall, the code is safe, with negligible security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}