{
  "purpose": "Utilities for logging, filtering, and handling SOAP requests/responses in a client library, specifically for Google Ads API integration.",
  "sources": "Code reads SOAP XML data (envelope), HTTP headers, and operation details from zeep SOAP client interactions; regex for sensitive data redaction.",
  "sinks": "Logging functions that output SOAP request/response data, potentially exposing sensitive info unless properly redacted.",
  "flows": "SOAP envelope and headers are logged; sensitive data such as developer tokens are sanitized via regex before logging; logs are generated during ingress (response) and egress (request) operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes regex patterns to redact developer tokens; no hardcoded credentials or suspicious hardcoded secrets are present. The code handles logging and filtering securely, but the presence of redaction regex indicates concern for sensitive data exposure.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily focused on logging and filtering SOAP request and response data. It uses regex to sanitize sensitive information like developer tokens, preventing leakage. The logging levels (DEBUG, INFO, WARN) are used appropriately to capture request/response details and faults. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The code does not perform network communications beyond logging, nor does it include any obfuscated or suspicious code constructs. It adheres to standard practices for handling SOAP messages and logging, with security-aware redaction. Overall, the code appears legitimate and intended for debugging and auditing purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a logging and filtering utility for SOAP requests/responses, designed to prevent sensitive data leakage. No malicious or suspicious behaviors are evident. The use of regex for data redaction indicates proper handling of sensitive info. The code is secure, well-structured, and focused on safe logging practices.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}