{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions, classes, and a resolver for managing method signatures and handling lookup errors in a Python project, especially related to method registration and resolution.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function arguments, class attributes, and method signatures. It also interacts with system modules like sys and external libraries such as rich, plum, and pydoc.",
  "sinks": "The code generates textual output for errors and documentation via rich.console, and manipulates function objects. It also may execute user-provided functions during resolution or documentation generation.",
  "flows": "Input data (function signatures, arguments, method lists) flows into resolution and documentation functions; errors and suggestions are outputted as Text objects; function objects are wrapped and renamed for documentation purposes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network activity are present. The code uses standard library features and external libraries in typical ways. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are detected. Use of sys.modules to detect sphinx is benign. The function _document dynamically generates documentation but does not execute external code or inject malicious content.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly handles method resolution, error reporting, and documentation generation with no evident malicious intent. It uses standard patterns for function wrapping, warning issuance, and string manipulation. The functions _change_function_name, _document, and _render_function_call are utility functions for managing function objects and formatting output. The Resolver class manages methods and resolves signatures, raising errors with rich display. All data flows are within controlled, predictable patterns. There are no suspicious network calls, data exfiltration, or code injection mechanisms. The only potential concern is dynamic function renaming and documentation generation, but these are controlled and do not pose security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured utility module for method management and error reporting, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It operates within typical bounds of Python code for documentation and signature resolution tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}