{
  "purpose": "Provides functions to compute source centroids in image data, including centroid calculation via center of mass, quadratic fitting, and source-based centroiding.",
  "sources": "Input data arrays for image data, mask arrays, initial position inputs, and optional footprint arrays. Data is read at various points for centroid calculation, fitting, and masking.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed internally; no data is sent externally or over networks. No external data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays into centroid functions; masks and footprints modify the data used for centroid calculations. Calculations involve summation and polynomial fitting on source regions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or secrets. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated constructs observed. The functions perform standard centroiding computations without unusual behavior. Use of warnings and error handling is typical. No hidden or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements well-known centroiding algorithms—center of mass and quadratic fit—using numpy operations. It processes input arrays carefully, handling masks and non-finite values appropriately. No network operations, file I/O, or external commands are present. Error handling and warnings are used for common issues like invalid inputs and fitting failures. No signs of code injection, backdoors, or malicious data leaks are found. The code relies solely on standard numerical techniques for centroiding, and all processing is internal with no external communication. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate scientific utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of centroiding methods used in image analysis. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or hidden backdoors. It handles data safely and performs expected calculations. There is a very low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}