{
  "purpose": "Provides functions to compute the centroid of sources in an image, including moments-based and quadratic fitting methods, as well as a function to compute centroids for multiple sources at specified positions.",
  "sources": "Reads input data arrays (e.g., 'data', 'mask', 'footprint'), and input parameters such as 'xpos', 'ypos', 'xpeak', 'ypeak', and 'error'. Uses functions like np.sum, np.isfinite, np.nanargmax, np.meshgrid, and external functions for array slicing and parameter processing.",
  "sinks": "Uses the centroid_func callable with the data array, which can potentially be manipulated if the function is maliciously replaced. Data arrays are passed to numpy operations that could be manipulated if the data contains maliciously crafted inputs. No network or system command calls are present.",
  "flows": "Input data arrays are read, processed, and passed into centroid functions. The centroid_com function calculates moments; centroid_quadratic performs polynomial fitting; centroid_sources slices data around source positions and calls centroid_func for each. Data masking and handling of NaN/inf values are implemented to prevent anomalies.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive input validation and sanitization. It uses 'warnings.warn' for non-finite data or fitting issues, which is typical. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data exfiltration code is present. No obfuscated or unnecessary dynamic code execution. All external dependencies are standard scientific libraries or internal utilities.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard implementation of centroid calculation functions, with appropriate input validation, error handling, and use of mathematical models. It relies on external libraries such as numpy and astropy, which are common in scientific Python software. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected. The only potential concern could be the custom centroid_func parameter, which, if replaced with malicious code, could perform harmful operations, but this is user-controlled and not embedded maliciously. Overall, the code appears secure, with no hidden or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical scientific utility module for centroiding in images. It is well-structured, with proper validation and error handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. Its design relies on external user-provided functions for centroid calculation, which is standard and not suspicious. The security risk is negligible, assuming the user supplies safe functions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}