{
  "purpose": "A function that processes a given dictionary based on specified parameters, returning different forms of keys or values with optional string concatenations.",
  "sources": "Reads input from the 'mapping_' parameter and the internal copy 'oeFCgsEttSXtuetQJusnKnsULykZkHNl'.",
  "sinks": "Returns data derived from the dictionary keys or values, possibly concatenated with user-defined strings. No untrusted external sinks like network or file I/O are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'mapping_' through copying, optional modifications, then to the return statements which process keys and values depending on 'typ'. String concatenations incorporate parameters but do not use untrusted input in dangerous ways.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated variable names, multiple nested functions, and string concatenations with parameters that can be controlled. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious patterns detected. The string processing function strips whitespace and lowers case, which is benign. No code injection or malicious behavior evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a nested function for string normalization, copies the input dictionary, and conditionally adds a key. It handles various 'typ' parameters to return keys, values, or concatenated strings. The concatenations are straightforward and based solely on the input parameters and dictionary content. No external network, file, or environment variable access is observed. Variable names are intentionally obfuscated, but logic is standard. No signs of backdoors, malicious data exfiltration, or harmful operations are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a utility function for processing and formatting dictionary data with flexible output options. It contains obfuscated variable names but no malicious behavior or security risks. No indicators of malware, malicious intent, or supply chain attack are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}