{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be part of a data parsing and processing library, likely related to file handling, data extraction, and schema management for data formats such as Apache Arrow, Parquet, or Delta Lake.",
  "sources": "Various points where data is read include file-like objects (file, output file, input data), parameters for parsing functions, and data batch inputs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include data outputs to files, databases, or data lake storage (DeltaTable). No direct untrusted sink that could be exploited for malicious data leakage is explicitly present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (files, data streams) through parsing, transformation, and schema application, ultimately being written or stored in data lake or table formats.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains nonsensical, randomly generated identifiers (e.g., zzPSsmWOVcgzobCUtFggObzNpzAQSUmW, pYbLgqONLIfQpXvJioCIaeKjyWIhkadr) used in exception declarations, which may indicate obfuscation or placeholder text. No clear malicious code or hardcoded secrets are visible. The repetitive placeholder-like naming and inconsistent docstring formatting could be suspicious, possibly obfuscation or generated code.",
  "analysis": "The provided code primarily consists of function signatures, docstrings, and parameter definitions with placeholder names and exception identifiers. It describes data parsing, batch processing, schema management, and data writing functionalities, with no actual executable code or logic shown. The use of obscure, seemingly random identifiers in exception declarations is unusual and could indicate obfuscation or placeholder code. There is no evidence of malicious actions such as network communication, data exfiltration, backdoors, or system manipulation. The code does not perform any operations that could directly harm the system or leak sensitive data. Given the lack of actual implementation and the presence of suspicious placeholder names, there is a moderate level of concern about potential obfuscation, but no clear malicious intent or behavior can be identified from this snippet alone.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a set of function signatures and documentation for data processing functions, possibly auto-generated or obfuscated. It does not contain executable logic or malicious behavior. The unusual placeholder identifiers suggest it could be incomplete, generated, or intentionally obscured, but no active malicious activity is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.4,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}