{
  "purpose": "Provides API key validation, token handling, user data retrieval, and scope verification within a FastAPI security framework, utilizing environment variables and external validation methods.",
  "sources": "Request headers (Authorization), environment variables (AUTH_URL, USERDATA_URL), external method 'pRvYWIKpliBbJpvJRlKZIJorbEvOtPkt'.",
  "sinks": "External validation method, token validation functions, potential data returned to caller.",
  "flows": "Request header 'Authorization' → token extraction → external validation call → scope and user data processing → response or exception.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable and class names, reliance on external 'auth_lib.methods' without source, deprecated warnings for parameters, no hardcoded secrets.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard token validation and user data retrieval with obfuscated naming, which reduces readability but does not inherently indicate malicious intent. External method 'pRvYWIKpliBbJpvJRlKZIJorbEvOtPkt' is used for validation but its behavior is unknown; no malicious payloads or network activity are evident. The use of environment variables and standard HTTP exceptions aligns with secure practices. Obfuscation is significant but appears to be for concealment rather than malicious purposes. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The external dependency's trustworthiness cannot be verified here, but no signs of malicious activity are detected. Overall, the code appears legitimate, with obfuscation being the primary concern, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a typical FastAPI security component with obfuscated identifiers. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or sabotage. The high obfuscation level warrants caution but does not justify a malware classification. The external validation method remains a trust point, but based on available information, the code is safe. Scores are consistent with the analysis: malware score 0, obfuscation high (around 0.7), and low security risk (around 0.3).",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}