{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Python database API client for Trino, enabling connections, query execution, and result fetching, with support for transactions, prepared statements, and connection pooling.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration parameters (host, port, auth, session properties), user input via method parameters, and external data in queries and parameters. It also reads environment variables indirectly through imported modules and default constants.",
  "sinks": "The code executes SQL queries via internal methods; it formats parameters for SQL execution, which could potentially lead to injection if misused. It creates and manages HTTP sessions and connections, which could be exploited if untrusted data influences connection parameters or HTTP headers.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (e.g., user-supplied SQL or parameters) flows into query construction in methods like _format_prepared_param, execute, and _execute_immediate_statement. These formatted parameters are then sent over network to the database server via HTTP requests. Connection parameters are parsed and used for network requests. There are no explicit flows to external systems outside of the intended database interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No backdoors or suspicious network domains are evident. Parameter formatting appears standard; however, SQL is constructed dynamically, which could be risky if inputs are not sanitized externally. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected. The use of dynamic SQL with parameter substitution is standard but should be handled carefully outside this code.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a Python client for Trino, with functions for connection management, query execution, prepared statement handling, and result fetching. It formats parameters for SQL statements in a manner consistent with SQL injection mitigation, such as escaping quotes and handling different data types properly. The code does not contain any network calls or external data leaks beyond the standard database interactions. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No suspicious or malicious behaviors are identified. The code structure and functions align with common database client implementations, with no indications of sabotage or malware. The overall design is consistent with secure coding practices, assuming external inputs are sanitized at a higher level.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, open-source database client implementation for Trino with no evident malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It does not contain hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. Proper use of parameterized queries and connection management suggests low risk. It appears to be safe and intended for legitimate database interaction, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}