{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Python DBAPI 2.0 compliant client for interacting with a Trino database, providing connection and cursor management, query execution, and related utilities.",
  "sources": "Code reads configuration parameters (host, port, credentials, session properties), query strings, and parameters for prepared statements and executions.",
  "sinks": "SQL query execution points, parameter formatting functions, and network communication via aiohttp client sessions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into request creation, query preparation, and execution functions, which then send data over the network through aiohttp sessions to the database server.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard query parameter formatting, connection/session management, and query handling; no suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious network behavior is present. No evidence of malicious privacy violations, credential theft, or information leaks within this module. Use of standard libraries and safe parameter handling reduces risk.",
  "analysis": "The module implements standard database client logic with connection management, query preparation, execution, and fetching results. It uses parameterized queries and safe formatting to prevent SQL injection. The network communication occurs via aiohttp sessions, with no hardcoded secrets or suspicious network calls. The code manages session state, transaction, and query lifecycle securely. No malicious code, backdoors, or malicious data leaks are detected. The only notable aspect is the careful handling of various data types and safe parameter formatting, which aligns with best practices.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of a database client for Trino. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It handles database operations securely and correctly. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}