{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Python DBAPI 2.0 compatible client for Trino, handling database connections, queries, prepared statements, and cursors.",
  "sources": "The code reads input mainly from function parameters, environment variables (via constants), and external inputs such as SQL queries and connection parameters.",
  "sinks": "SQL query execution points (e.g., in execute and describe methods), data serialization/deserialization, and network requests via aiohttp.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into SQL command strings, especially in _format_prepared_param and execute methods; then sent over network or processed internally.",
  "anomalies": "Use of string formatting to embed parameters directly into SQL commands could lead to SQL injection if untrusted input is used. However, parameter formatting appears to be carefully implemented. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No suspicious code behaviors like network connections to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a database client implementation with typical features such as connection management, query execution, prepared statements, and cursor handling. It uses parameterized query formatting in _format_prepared_param to mitigate SQL injection risks. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. The network interactions via aiohttp are standard for HTTP request handling. There are no obfuscation or malicious code patterns; the structure and function implementations are straightforward. The only potential concern could be SQL injection if untrusted SQL strings or parameters are used, but the code handles parameter binding securely. No suspicious data exfiltration, malicious network connections, or sabotage behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, standard implementation of a Trino database client. There are no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. The use of parameterized queries and absence of suspicious external interactions support this conclusion.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}