{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes for resolving dependencies within a dependency graph, supporting both synchronous and asynchronous execution contexts, including resource management and cleanup.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the dependency graph, dependencies, context managers, async generators, and initial cache.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks such as network operations, file writes, or data leaks. No untrusted data is directly written or transmitted.",
  "flows": "Dependencies are retrieved from the graph and cache; dependencies are resolved via generator/async generator functions, context managers, or direct calls, with cleanup on exit.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. Usage of inspect and dynamic context management is standard for dependency resolution frameworks. No obfuscated code is present. The code relies on external modules which could introduce risk but are not part of this snippet.",
  "analysis": "The code defines dependency resolution contexts with detailed resource management, including handling of generators, async generators, and context managers. It employs standard dependency resolution techniques without suspicious modifications. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are observable; the code primarily orchestrates dependency resolution and cleanup. The use of dynamic function calls, generators, and context managers is consistent with dependency injection patterns, and there are no signs of covert data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or backdoors. Overall, the implementation appears secure and standard for dependency management frameworks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code implements a dependency resolution system with proper resource management, supporting both sync and async contexts. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. The code appears well-structured and appropriate for its purpose, with no immediate security threats identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}