{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes for resolving dependencies in both synchronous and asynchronous contexts, mainly used for dependency injection and graph traversal in a larger framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads from method parameters, object attributes, and dependency graphs. It also imports utility functions and classes, but no external data sources or untrusted inputs are directly processed.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calling functions or methods with dependencies, executing context managers, and handling generators or coroutines, which could be exploited if malicious dependencies are injected.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data (dependencies or functions) can flow from external inputs into resolver methods, where they are executed or iterated over. Dependency graph resolution involves calling or awaiting these functions, with the flow passing through resolver, traverse_deps, and close methods.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscated code were detected. The code heavily relies on dependency injection, but this is standard for such frameworks. No hidden network calls, system modifications, or malicious data leaks are evident. The use of __enter__, __aenter__, __exit__, and __aexit__ is consistent with context manager handling.",
  "analysis": "The code defines dependency resolution contexts for both sync and async execution, including lifecycle management of dependencies and error propagation. It manages caches, dependency traversal, and teardown routines. The code appears to follow standard dependency injection patterns, with proper handling of generators, coroutines, context managers, and exception safety. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, system modification, or covert network activity, are present. The code does not perform unsafe operations like executing untrusted code directly; it delegates dependency execution to user-provided functions or coroutines, which could be malicious if supplied externally but is not inherently suspicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard dependency resolver framework with comprehensive handling for both sync and async scenarios. It does not contain malicious behavior or backdoors. All operations are consistent with dependency management, with no suspicious anomalies. The security risk is low, assuming trusted dependency functions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}