{
  "purpose": "The script sets up the packaging configuration for a Python project, including dependencies, package data, and post-installation procedures.",
  "sources": "Reads from files ('build.info', 'pypi_long_description.md'), environment variables, sys.argv, and system functions like site.getsitepackages() and glob for filesystem operations.",
  "sinks": "Uses check_output to execute scripts and commands, especially for Mac OS SSL workaround. Calls to setup() with configuration data. Access to environment variables and system information.",
  "flows": "Input sources (files, environment, sys.argv) influence post-install behavior, dependencies, and system configuration. Execution of post-install commands can trigger system scripts or outputs.",
  "anomalies": "Execution of potential system-specific scripts ('Install Certificates.command') during post-install, which is legitimate but can be misused if combined with malicious scripts. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious URLs. Usage of system commands appears benign but warrants caution due to code execution functions.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily functions as a setup script for packaging a Python project with dependencies, package data, and post-install scripts. It conditionally modifies behavior for conda installs and Mac OS SSL certificate setup. The post-install functions invoke system commands for SSL certificate handling, which is standard for ensuring secure connections on Mac OS. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The script executes external commands responsibly, with exception handling. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns identified. The overall structure and logic follow typical setup practices, with no malicious intent evident.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard setup.py configuration with benign post-install routines and dependency management. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage. The execution of system commands during post-install is legitimate for SSL certificate setup on Mac OS, not malicious. No indicators of malware or security risks were detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}