{
  "purpose": "This code converts Azure Functions API requests into WSGI-compatible environment and processes the response accordingly.",
  "sources": "Reads request data from 'req' object (headers, body, URL, query), environment variables, and context information.",
  "sinks": "Constructs WSGI environment dictionary, which is used to invoke a WSGI app, and potentially logs errors. Sends HTTP response with body.",
  "flows": "Request data (headers, URL, body) -> WSGI environment setup -> WSGI app invocation -> response headers/body -> Azure Function response",
  "anomalies": "Use of non-standard class name; the code appears intentionally obfuscated with meaningless class and method names. No hardcoded secrets or credentials detected. No suspicious network activity or system modifications. No obfuscated code patterns or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a class to bridge Azure Functions with a WSGI app. It gathers request headers, URL, method, and body to build a WSGI environment dictionary. The request body is decoded based on charset in Content-Type. The environment includes standard WSGI keys, request details, and optional environment variables. The class then calls the WSGI app with this environment, captures headers, and constructs an HTTP response. Error logging captures issues during environment setup or app invocation. No evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity is present. The code's structure and variable naming suggest it might be deliberately obfuscated or generic, but no malicious patterns are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code serves as a bridge between Azure Functions and a WSGI app, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be a standard implementation for such integration, though obfuscated naming might obscure intent. Overall, it does not exhibit malware or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}