{
  "purpose": "This code converts between Azure Functions API requests and the WSGI protocol for Python web applications.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the Azure Functions HttpRequest object (_req), including headers, URL, body, and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Data is passed to the WSGI application, and the response is constructed and returned via func.HttpResponse, including headers and body. Environment variables may be included in the environment dictionary.",
  "flows": "Input data from Azure Functions request flows into the environment dictionary, then into the WSGI app. The app response headers and body flow back into the HttpResponse object.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains obfuscated class and method names, but no obvious malicious code such as network connections, system modifications, or data exfiltration. Environment variables are optionally included, but this is standard for WSGI implementations. The code appears focused on request translation and response formation.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily functions as an adapter translating Azure Function HttpRequest objects into WSGI environment dictionaries, then executing a WSGI app, and returning a proper HttpResponse. It carefully parses headers, URL, and request body, and manages environment variables. There are no signs of suspicious network activity, hidden backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms. Obfuscation via unclear naming could be a concern, but it does not inherently indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are observed. The environment variables are optionally included, which is standard. The code does not perform unsafe operations like executing dynamic code, making system modifications, or network connections outside the app execution. Overall, it is a standard request/response adapter for a web application, with no evidence of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions as a request adapter translating Azure Functions HTTP requests into WSGI environment for Python web apps. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The obfuscation appears superficial and unrelated to malicious activity. Overall, the code appears safe, with no significant security risks detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}