{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to compute inter-annotator agreement metrics, specifically Krippendorff's alpha and Spearman correlation, for label arrays in a research or annotation quality context.",
  "sources": "The code reads label data from the 'labels_array' parameter, which is expected to be a NumPy array, and uses it internally for calculations. It also reads data from imported libraries like numpy, krippendorff, and scipy.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks that send data to external systems or networks. The code does not perform any data transmission, network communication, or file writing. It only processes and returns agreement metrics.",
  "flows": "Input labels are processed from the 'labels_array'. The flow involves data validation, calculation of agreement scores using Krippendorff's alpha or Spearman's correlation, and packaging the results into an AgreementOutput object.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies are observed. The code performs standard statistical calculations with no obfuscated or unusual constructs. All operations are straightforward data processing and mathematical computations. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard scientific libraries and defines a data class for results. The main function 'get_labels_agreement' calculates inter-annotator agreement, choosing the appropriate measurement based on data type and level of measurement. It handles numeric and categorical data distinctly, using Krippendorff's alpha for categorical or interval data, and Spearman's rho for binary conversions. The logic includes data type validation, uniqueness checks, and proper calculation of pairwise and full agreement scores. No external data transmission, malicious code, or suspicious logic is present. The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of agreement metrics with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured implementation for calculating inter-annotator agreement metrics. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or suspicious activity is evident. It relies on reputable scientific libraries and performs straightforward data analysis. There is no evidence of malware or security risks within this module.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}