{
  "purpose": "The module inspects the installed packages and their requirements for the Lexicon project, particularly the 'dns-lexicon' package, to determine available providers and the version of Lexicon.",
  "sources": "Import statements (importlib, pkgutil, re, sys, types, typing), distribution data via importlib.metadata/distribution, package requirement strings from distribution.requires.",
  "sinks": "Distribution.from_name calls, importlib.import_module, regex matching on requirement strings, potential exceptions handling.",
  "flows": "Distribution.from_name('dns-lexicon') retrieves version and requirements → _resolve_requirements matches requirements with regex → returns boolean indicating provider availability → load_provider_module dynamically imports provider module.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code observed. Use of dynamic importlib calls is standard for plugin systems, not suspicious. Regex is used for requirement parsing but appears safe and standard. No obfuscated code, no unusual language features. Error handling via exceptions is typical.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs package discovery, version retrieval, and requirement checks using standard Python libraries. The importlib and pkgutil modules are used legitimately for plugin/module management. The regex matches requirement strings to check dependencies, which is a common pattern. Exception handling for missing packages is also standard. No signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior. The logic is straightforward and appears to be for version and provider management. No suspicious network calls or data leaks are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical plugin management utility for the Lexicon package, with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It performs legitimate package and requirement inspections without any malicious intent or suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}