{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and data structure definitions for the boto3 chime-sdk-media-pipelines service, providing structured data models for API requests and responses.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules, type annotations, and the Python environment (sys.version_info). It defines various data types and structures used for API communication.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the definitions of request and response types that handle resource identifiers, configuration data, and credentials (e.g., ResourceARN, SinkArn, RoleArns). No untrusted input handling or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "flows": "The code flow is primarily static: it defines data structures (TypedDicts, Unions, Lists) that are used for serializing/deserializing API payloads. There are no runtime data flows or untrusted data handling beyond data structure definitions.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. All code appears to be standard type definitions with no code execution logic. Conditional imports based on sys.version_info are standard for compatibility.",
  "analysis": "The code consists entirely of type definitions for request and response payloads related to the AWS Chime SDK Media Pipelines API. It uses standard Python typing constructs and does not include any executable logic or network activity. The presence of docstrings and licensing information indicates it is a library for structured API interactions. No malicious patterns such as code injection, backdoors, or unauthorized data exfiltration are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a comprehensive set of type annotations and data models for AWS Chime SDK media pipelines. It is purely declarative, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears to be standard, well-structured SDK type definitions for use in a Python environment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}