{
  "purpose": "This code defines type annotations and data structures for the Amazon Chime SDK media pipelines service using Python TypedDicts and type hints. It facilitates type checking and code clarity for SDK implementations.",
  "sources": "The code sources data primarily from external inputs such as API request parameters, configuration objects, and data returned from AWS services (e.g., responses, request parameters, resource identifiers, and configuration settings). These are represented as TypedDicts, Union types, and annotations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include places where untrusted data flows into external systems or triggers actions—mainly through API request payloads (e.g., resource identifiers, configuration data, tags) and responses from AWS services. No code executes untrusted input directly; data flows are used for serialization/deserialization.",
  "flows": "Data flows from source definitions (user-provided configurations, API inputs) into data structures used to construct API requests or handle responses. No explicit code execution, dynamic eval, or command execution occurs; data flows are limited to data modeling. There are no dangerous string evaluations, code injections, or command executions in the code.",
  "anomalies": "The code primarily consists of type definitions, data schemas, and documentation comments. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets are present. No unusual or obfuscated code segments are detected. The inclusion of extensive type annotations and comprehensive data models is consistent with SDK design and not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code provides structured type definitions for API requests, responses, and configurations associated with the AWS Chime SDK media pipelines service. It uses standard Python typing modules, conditional imports based on Python version, and clear separation of data schemas. No code execution, network operations, or security-sensitive manipulations are present. The code’s purpose is to improve type safety and clarity in SDK development. There are no signs of malware, malicious logic, or sabotage. The definitions follow AWS SDK conventions, and all data structures are standard for a service SDK. The absence of any dynamic code execution, obfuscated strings, or suspicious patterns indicates a benign and purpose-driven implementation.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a comprehensive set of type annotations and data schemas for the AWS Chime SDK media pipelines API. It is designed for type safety, readability, and SDK development, with no malicious or maliciously suspicious content detected. The code does not perform any operations, network activity, or dynamic code execution that could pose security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}