{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to compute autocorrelation functions and estimates of integrated autocorrelation times for 1D and multi-dimensional time series data, primarily for statistical analysis in Monte Carlo simulations.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the function arguments `x` (time series data). No external data sources are used.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present that could lead to data leaks or malicious actions. The code does not write to external systems, files, or network resources.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input `x` through computational functions `function_1d` and `integrated_time`, resulting in numerical outputs (autocorrelation estimates). No external data or untrusted sources are integrated into sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or suspicious logic is present. The code utilizes standard numpy functions for FFT and array manipulations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are detected. No hidden or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for computing autocorrelation and integrated autocorrelation time using FFT-based methods. It includes a custom exception class for handling unreliable autocorrelation estimates. The code operates solely on numpy arrays provided as input. No external data sources, network operations, or file I/O are present. The functions perform statistical computations typical of scientific analysis. No anomalies or suspicious patterns such as backdoors, malicious data exfiltration, or malicious code injections are found. The use of logging is benign and intended for warnings about short chains.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of autocorrelation analysis functions with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It performs statistical computations securely without external side-effects. No security risks or malware indicators are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}