{
  "purpose": "Unit testing of the 'simple_websocket' library's asynchronous WebSocket client implementation using mock objects to simulate network interactions.",
  "sources": "Mocked functions such as 'simple_websocket.aiows.asyncio.open_connection' and 'simple_websocket.aiows.WSConnection' to simulate network connection setup, and 'make_sync' decorator for synchronous test execution. Input data comes from predefined events and mock return values.",
  "sinks": "The code writes data to mocked WebSocket objects via 'wsock.write' method; no untrusted input is directly written to system or network outside controlled mocks. No data leaks or sensitive data handling observed.",
  "flows": "Test functions simulate client connection setup (source) and then invoke methods like 'send', 'receive', and 'close' that interact with mocked WebSocket objects (sinks). Events such as 'TextMessage', 'BytesMessage', 'Ping' are used to test message handling (source to sink).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual code patterns detected. Use of mocks is standard for testing; no malicious or obfuscated code present. No suspicious dynamic code execution, or obfuscation observed.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises unit tests that mock network I/O to verify the WebSocket client's behavior under various scenarios, including connection establishment, message sending and receiving, ping handling, and closing. The tests are well-structured, utilize mocks to prevent real network activity, and do not handle sensitive data or execute external code. No indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious payloads are present. The tests are designed to ensure correctness and robustness of the client implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard test suite for a WebSocket client library, with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. It employs mocks appropriately, with no signs of malware, data leakage, or security risks. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}