{
  "purpose": "Extensions for pyrestcli Resource and Manager classes, adding async support and warnings for non-public APIs.",
  "sources": "send() method for API requests, class constructors for warnings, get_collection_endpoint() and get_resource_endpoint() for data retrieval.",
  "sinks": "send() method as the primary sink where data is sent over the network, potentially leading to data leakage or external communication.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into send() via client_params, with warnings issued during class initialization, and exception handling wrapping send() and refresh() calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or suspicious code; broad exception handling but only re-raises as CartoException; warnings are informational.",
  "analysis": "The code extends existing resource classes to add asynchronous job handling and warnings about non-public APIs. It uses send() for API communication, with exception handling that captures all exceptions and re-raises them as a custom exception. Warnings are issued during class initialization to inform users about the non-public nature of the API. No malicious code, secrets, or obfuscation are present. The overall structure is straightforward, with clear class inheritance and method definitions. The use of warnings and broad exception handling is standard for such SDK extensions. The send() method's use for API calls is typical and not inherently malicious. No suspicious external network activity or data leaks are evident. The code's design aligns with standard SDK extension practices, and the security risk is minimal.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign extension of SDK resource classes, adding async capabilities and warnings for non-public APIs. It does not contain malware, obfuscation, or significant security risks. The overall security posture is very safe, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}