{
  "purpose": "This script automates the generation and transformation of cryptographic Go/TGO files by concatenating templates, performing name remapping, and formatting the code with 'goimports'. It also generates test files and ensures proper code structure for cryptographic implementations.",
  "sources": "Reads input files ('blst.tgo', 'blst_minpk.tgo', 'blst_px.tgo', 'blst_misc.tgo', 'blst_minpk_test.go'), environment variables ('GOPATH'), and external commands ('go version', 'goimports').",
  "sinks": "Executes external commands ('go version', 'goimports -w blst.go') and writes output files ('blst.go', test files). No untrusted data directly influences critical system functions beyond standard build operations.",
  "flows": "Reads input files -> performs string replacements and remapping -> concatenates content -> writes to output files -> runs 'goimports' to format code. No network or data exfiltration occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or backdoors detected. The string remapping uses temporary replacements but serves legitimate code transformation purposes.",
  "analysis": "The script functions as a build utility for cryptographic Go code, concatenating template files, remapping identifiers, and formatting code. It checks for 'goimports', installs it if missing, and manipulates code via string replacements, which are standard in code generation. No malicious patterns, network activity, or suspicious behaviors are present. The external command usage and file operations are typical for build scripts. The scores assigned in the critical reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2) are consistent with the code's behavior and purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate build and code generation utility with no signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscation. It performs standard file concatenation, remapping, and formatting tasks typical in cryptographic code pipelines. The scores are appropriate and justified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}