{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Python class for integrating MistralAI's embedding API, allowing embedding of texts and documents both synchronously and asynchronously, with configuration and environment validation.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variable for API key, reads input texts for embedding, reads from tokenizer, makes HTTP POST requests to the API endpoints.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request responses, JSON response parsing, environment variable usage, tokenizer loading, and exception handling.",
  "flows": "Environment variables -> API key used in HTTP headers -> Input texts processed in batches -> Batched data sent via HTTP POST -> Responses parsed for embeddings.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dummy tokenizer fallback when real tokenizer cannot be loaded; fallback to len() in DummyTokenizer.encode_batch. No hardcoded credentials beyond environment variable. No suspicious network connections or data exfiltration code identified. Exception handling is standard. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes environment and HTTP client settings, performs batching based on token count, and sends data to a remote API for embedding. It uses standard libraries and best practices for retries and async handling. No hardcoded secrets are present besides environment variable reliance. Tokenizer fallback is benign and intended for robustness. No suspicious code, backdoors, or malicious behaviors found. The structure and flow are straightforward, focused solely on API interaction and embedding processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation for interacting with an external embedding API, with safeguards for environment configuration and batching. No malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. It maintains standard practices for network requests and error handling. Overall, the code is safe and non-malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}