{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for computing partial distance covariance and correlation, which are statistical measures used to analyze dependence between multivariate random variables while conditioning on other variables.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input arrays x, y, and z passed as parameters to the functions. It also imports internal utility functions such as _u_distance_matrix, u_complementary_projection, u_product, and _sqrt, which may process data internally.",
  "sinks": "The functions return numerical results of the statistical measures. There are no sinks in the code that send untrusted data elsewhere, nor are there any outputs that could leak data externally. No network or file I/O operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input arrays x, y, z are processed through distance matrix calculations and linear algebra operations (projections, products). The results are used to compute the partial covariance or correlation. No untrusted data is sent outside the function.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to follow standard statistical computation procedures with clear function structure. It uses internal functions for matrix operations without any dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or misleading variable names. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. There are no indications of malicious behavior or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard typing and numerical libraries, as well as internal utilities, to compute partial distance covariance and correlation. The functions perform data processing through well-defined mathematical operations, including matrix distance calculations, projections, and element-wise products. The code includes appropriate warnings about the limitations of these statistical measures. No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. The functions do not perform any network communication, file manipulation, or system modifications. Overall, the code is a straightforward implementation of statistical metrics with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of partial distance covariance and correlation computations. It appears benign, with no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The code is consistent with scientific computing practices and contains no suspicious or harmful features.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}