{
  "purpose": "Import all components from the 'angreal._integrations.docker' module, likely to utilize Docker-related functionalities.",
  "sources": "The import statement reads from 'angreal._integrations.docker'. No other data sources are involved in this snippet.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present in this code snippet; no untrusted data is processed or output.",
  "flows": "The import statement loads all functions/classes from the module into the namespace; no data flow occurs within this snippet.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'import *' which obscures imported symbols; no evidence of obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious code in this snippet.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward import statement with suppression for linter warnings. All reports correctly identify that this pattern alone is benign but note that wildcard imports can hide potentially malicious or unintended functions. Malware scores are consistently zero, aligning with the absence of malicious activity. Risk scores vary from 0.1 to 0.3, reflecting cautious concern about the import pattern, especially in security-sensitive contexts. No anomalies or obfuscation are detected. The primary risk stems from the inability to see what functions are imported and how they are used later. Given the limited context, the scores are appropriate, but further review of the actual module content is recommended for comprehensive security assurance.",
  "conclusion": "The import statement is benign in isolation, with no evidence of malicious code or obfuscation. The main concern is the use of 'import *', which can hide malicious functions if present in the module. The current malware score remains at 0, obfuscated score at 0, and a moderate security risk score (~0.2-0.3) is justified due to the import pattern. For thorough security assurance, review the contents of 'angreal._integrations.docker' and its usage in the project.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}