{
  "purpose": "The code manages IoT devices (Shelly devices), handling discovery, addition/removal, communication via MQTT, CoAP, mDNS, and cloud services. It facilitates device polling, network discovery, and cloud integration.",
  "sources": "Network responses from device endpoints (/shelly, /settings, /status), MQTT messages, cloud API calls, mDNS responses, user input via environment variables or configuration.",
  "sinks": "Device updates via MQTT, CoAP, or HTTP; network requests to device IPs; cloud API interactions; potential data logging or cache storage.",
  "flows": "Source data (device responses, MQTT messages) flow into device state updates, triggering MQTT or cloud communication; device discovery via network protocols; polling triggers status updates; cache load/save flows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials; no obfuscated code; broad exception handling exists but is common in networked IoT code; commented-out features suggest incomplete modules but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard IoT device management framework for Shelly devices, utilizing network protocols (MQTT, CoAP, mDNS, HTTP). It manages device discovery, addition, removal, and polling via threading and timers. No suspicious code, backdoors, or malicious payloads are present. Broad exception handling could mask errors but is typical in such applications. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are detected. The code's structure and behavior align with legitimate device management functions, with no signs of malicious activity or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured IoT device management system with no malicious or sabotage intent. It does not contain obfuscated code or malicious payloads. The low security risk score (0.2) is appropriate, primarily due to broad exception handling and network exposure typical of IoT systems. The malware and obfuscation scores are correctly set to 0. Overall, the code appears safe and free of malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}