{
  "purpose": "The code loads a 3D model ('cow.vtk') using vedo, triangulates and cleans the mesh, then adds it to a napari viewer. It creates a custom widget from 'napari_shape_odyssey._signatures.landmarks' and interacts with its GUI elements, toggling buttons and invoking methods for visualization and landmark processing.",
  "sources": "Imports vedo for 3D model loading, numpy for array processing, napari for visualization, and Qt modules for GUI interactions. Reads 'cow.vtk' via vedo.dataurl.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates GUI elements programmatically, including toggling checkboxes and buttons, and calls widget methods. No external data transfer, network activity, or file modifications are observed.",
  "flows": "Loads and triangulates the model, adds it to napari, creates and adds a custom widget, then interacts with GUI controls and calls widget methods for processing.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation of variable and function names, no comments or documentation, repetitive toggling of GUI buttons, which may be redundant. No secrets, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious data flows are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code performs visualization setup and interaction within a GUI environment, with no network activity or system modifications. Obfuscation is superficial and likely intended to conceal implementation details rather than malicious intent. The repeated GUI manipulations seem to be for setup or testing purposes. No malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or system sabotage is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a visualization routine with heavily obfuscated variable names, designed for setting up and interacting with 3D models and GUI widgets in napari. There is no evidence of malicious activity or security risks. The obfuscation warrants caution but does not imply malicious intent. The assigned malware score of 0 and security risk score of 0.2 are appropriate, with a high obfuscation score (~0.75) justified by the code's obscurity.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}