{
  "purpose": "The script appears to automate downloading, verifying, and extracting a ChromeDriver binary, likely to facilitate automated browser testing or web scraping.",
  "sources": "URL request to 'https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/downloads', URL request to Google Cloud Storage for specific ChromeDriver versions, reading local files for checksum verification.",
  "sinks": "File download via urlretrieve, file extraction, checksum verification, printing output messages, writing progress updates to stdout.",
  "flows": "Download URL request -> Save file locally -> Verify checksum -> Extract zip -> Use local files for further operations.",
  "anomalies": "Code includes obfuscated variable names, dynamic URL composition based on version info, platform detection, and checksum validation. No hardcoded secrets or credentials detected. The URL for ChromeDriver is fetched from Google, which is legitimate. The code does not perform any suspicious network activity beyond downloading expected files. No obfuscated or misleading code behavior observed; the code is structured and readable, with no unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The script retrieves the latest ChromeDriver version from a specified URL, then constructs platform-specific download URLs, and proceeds to download the corresponding zip file. It performs checksum validation to ensure integrity before extraction. The code uses standard library modules for HTTP requests, zip file handling, and hashing. It includes platform-specific logic for Mac, Linux, and Windows environments. The code structure aligns with typical installer scripts and does not contain hidden or malicious behavior. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious backdoors. The obfuscation is limited to variable names and URL string formatting, which is not suspicious. The script's purpose appears to be legitimate automation of ChromeDriver setup.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate installer script for downloading and verifying ChromeDriver binaries across platforms. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It primarily performs download, checksum verification, and extraction, which are standard procedures for such installers.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}