{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for colored terminal output, including text formatting, printing, and styling, primarily for user interface purposes in terminal applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters (such as text, color, on_color, and strong flags). It also reads environment info from platform.system() and get_terminal_size(). It imports modules and variables from .utils.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks for untrusted data that could lead to data leaks or code execution. The functions mainly produce formatted output for display. There are no network, file, or system command executions based on untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into functions like colored(), cprint(), bold(), etc., which then generate formatted strings for output. Environment info (platform.system()) influences conditional behavior but does not introduce external data flow. No external or untrusted data flow to dangerous sinks is evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic. The code performs standard terminal styling operations and imports no potentially malicious modules. The only minor point is an empty system call on Windows, which is likely a no-op or placeholder, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on terminal text styling with functions for colored, bold, italic, underline, and various output methods. The environment check on Windows and the empty system call are benign or possibly placeholder. The module imports utils for color mappings but does not use any external data sources, network calls, or command executions. There are no obfuscated elements, malicious commands, or suspicious behaviors detected. Overall, the code appears to be a straightforward terminal styling utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign terminal styling utility with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It solely handles display formatting without external data processing or dangerous operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}