{
  "purpose": "The utils.py module provides a comprehensive set of functions for bioinformatics data processing, visualization, and statistical analysis, particularly for spatial transcriptomics and cell interaction analysis.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external files (e.g., gene length CSV), AnnData objects (X, obsm, uns, obs), and input parameters such as gene names, gene expression matrices, and interaction data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include writing figures to files (savefig), plotting with matplotlib and seaborn, and network/heatmap generation. There are no code injection or command execution points identified; plotting functions use controlled inputs. Data leakage or sensitive data exposure is not evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external sources (files, AnnData objects) into processing functions; statistical models (regressions, permutation tests) compute outputs that are visualized via plotting functions; some functions modify AnnData objects directly, and file outputs are optional.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not exhibit obfuscated language features, unnecessary dynamic execution, or misleading variable names. All dependencies are standard for bioinformatics workflows. The only minor unusual aspect is the use of plotting functions that could potentially write files, but they are controlled via parameters.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large collection of bioinformatics utility functions, primarily for gene expression normalization, statistical testing, visualization, and network analysis. No code segments indicate malicious intent such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or system harm. It relies on standard libraries and controls file outputs explicitly. The functions perform data normalization, statistical regressions, visualization, and network construction with typical patterns. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls are present. The code appears to be designed for legitimate research purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears to be a well-structured set of bioinformatics utilities with no signs of malware, data leakage, or security risks. The use of open-source libraries and straightforward data processing functions supports a conclusion of low risk.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}