{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for bioinformatics and spatial transcriptomics data analysis, including data normalization, visualization, interaction analysis, and network plotting.",
  "sources": "Data is read from CSV files (e.g., gene lengths), AnnData objects (e.g., adata.X, adata.obs), and external files (e.g., gene length files). It also reads and processes expression matrices and metadata within functions.",
  "sinks": "Some functions generate plots (matplotlib, seaborn, plotly) and HTML outputs, but do not write files unless explicitly instructed (e.g., savefig parameters). No code injection or external data writing appears to occur. External library calls are for plotting, normalization, and graph visualization, not for executing untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (CSV, AnnData, dataframes) through normalization, filtering, and analysis steps, with results used for visualization or returned as dataframes. No suspicious flow of untrusted code or data outside these processes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code patterns are evident. The code includes extensive legitimate data processing and visualization routines, with no obfuscated code, or runtime code execution based on external inputs. Functions are straightforward and use common libraries for scientific computing and plotting. No suspicious network activity or external data exfiltration points are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs data normalization, correlation analysis, statistical testing, and visualization within a scientific context. It uses standard bioinformatics and plotting libraries without any indication of malicious behavior. It does not contain dynamic code execution, hidden data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code's structure is typical for data analysis scripts, and no external calls suggest malicious intent. The functions handle input data safely and produce outputs or visualizations as designed, with no suspicious side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate set of utility functions for spatial and single-cell data analysis, visualization, and interaction modeling. There are no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. The code is well-structured for its scientific purpose and does not perform any covert or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}