{
  "purpose": "The 'Guard' class provides a configurable framework for validating outputs from large language models (LLMs), managing schemas, server interactions, and tracing. It supports schema validation, server communication, telemetry, and extensibility for LLM output validation workflows.",
  "sources": "Input parameters, environment variables (e.g., 'GUARD_HISTORY_ENABLED'), external API calls via 'GuardrailsApiClient', imported modules, and dynamic callables such as 'llm_api'.",
  "sinks": "Server API endpoints ('fetch_guard', 'validate', 'stream_validate', 'upsert_guard'), environment variables, logs, and data serialization/deserialization processes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs, environment variables, and API responses into validation workflows, server requests, and telemetry systems. Data from parameters and environment variables are used to construct API payloads and control features like history logging.",
  "anomalies": "Use of deprecation warnings, reliance on environment variables for feature toggles, and server API interactions are standard. No hardcoded secrets, malicious code, or obfuscated patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured validation framework with extensive server interaction and environment variable usage. No malicious payloads, sabotage, or obfuscation are present. External API calls are encapsulated and appear legitimate. Environment variables are used for configuration, which is typical. No signs of backdoors or hidden behaviors. The deprecation warnings indicate active development, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured validation framework designed for managing LLM output validation with server integration and telemetry. No malicious activity or sabotage is evident. The overall security risk is low, primarily associated with server endpoint trust and environment variable management, which are standard operational considerations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}