{
  "purpose": "A CLI wrapper for the 'bbot' OSINT security tool, managing modules, presets, user input, and scan execution.",
  "sources": "User input via sys.argv, stdin (including 'kill <modules>' commands), imported modules, environment variables (if any), and configuration files.",
  "sinks": "Logging outputs, file operations (saving word cloud, removing directories), subprocess calls (if any), and network interactions within imported modules (e.g., cloudcheck).",
  "flows": "User commands influence module loading, scan parameters, and control commands like 'kill <modules>'. Input from stdin is processed asynchronously to handle real-time commands. Module management and scan execution flow depend on parsed arguments and user inputs.",
  "anomalies": "Use of asyncio, fcntl, and stdin for real-time input handling is complex but standard for interactive CLI tools. No suspicious network activity, obfuscation, or hidden code segments are detected. The 'kill <modules>' command is a control feature, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a legitimate CLI interface for a security scanning tool, managing modules, presets, and user interactions. It employs standard libraries and techniques for asynchronous input and module control. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or malicious payloads are present. The 'kill' command is a feature for runtime module management, not an attack vector. The overall structure and behavior are consistent with typical security CLI tools. No signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration are evident. The use of asyncio and fcntl is appropriate for interactive command handling. The code's clarity and structure support a high confidence in its benign nature.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured CLI for a security OSINT tool, with no malicious behavior or backdoors. The 'kill <modules>' command is a standard control feature, not malicious. The overall security risk is minimal, and the malware likelihood is negligible. The existing scores (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: 0.1-0.2) are justified and accurate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}