{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom exception classes related to file processing and command execution, potentially for a file extraction or processing tool.",
  "sources": "Imports 'os' module, and reads data from the list returned by 'parsers.qTkmLyRPytHcJsmDtxZueFBjssieVicy()'. It also reads command strings and filenames from class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'os.path.splitext' and 'os.name', and constructs string messages for errors. No direct data sinks or network activity observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (file paths, commands) into class attributes, which are then used in string formatting for error messages.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic string formatting with class attributes, but no evidence of malicious string manipulation. No hardcoded secrets or credentials. The import from '.parsers' is relative, but that alone isn't suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of custom exception classes for handling unsupported file extensions, missing files, unknown methods, and command execution errors. The classes store input data in attributes, generate messages based on this data, and do not perform any network or file modification operations. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious data exfiltration, or backdoors. The import of a local module '.parsers' is typical for modular projects, not inherently malicious. The use of 'os' functions is safe and standard. No malicious behavior or supply chain attack vectors are evident. Overall, the code seems to serve error handling purposes in a file processing context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of exception classes for handling errors related to file types, missing files, unsupported methods, and command execution failures. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain security risks. It appears to be part of a larger project for file extraction or processing, with no indicators of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}