{
  "purpose": "The code defines multiple custom exception classes and a specialized exception subclass with a detailed constructor that constructs an informational message based on input parameters.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the constructor parameters of class MHizbRUKEiJVQVfKRsXfDbIGfiJZVklr, which are lists of strings and Any type objects.",
  "sinks": "The constructed string message in the constructor of MHizbRUKEiJVQVfKRsXfDbIGfiJZVklr is used as the exception message. No other sinks such as network, files, or environment variables are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters to the constructor of MHizbRUKEiJVQVfKRsXfDbIGfiJZVklr flow into the message string which is passed to the superclass Exception. No external data or untrusted sources are directly involved.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious logic. The code structure is straightforward, defining exception classes with static attributes and a detailed exception message constructor. No obfuscation, code injection, or hidden behavior is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines exception classes, some with static string attributes, and a complex exception class with a constructor that builds an informative message based on input lists. The message construction involves string concatenation and list operations, but there is no indication of malicious intent. The lists could potentially come from external sources, but without further context, they are simply input parameters. The overall structure is typical for structured exception handling in Python. No suspicious or malicious behaviors, backdoors, or data leaks are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be standard exception class definitions with detailed message construction logic. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected based on the provided code. It is safe and does not pose security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}