{
  "purpose": "The code defines several custom exception classes with hardcoded string attributes, and a complex class that generates a formatted message based on input parameters, primarily for structuring or logging purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the parameters of the __init__ method of class MHizbRUKEiJVQVfKRsXfDbIGfiJZVklr, including lists of strings and any type elements.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs a descriptive string message, but does not perform data output, network operations, or file handling. No direct sink is evident that processes untrusted data beyond string formatting.",
  "flows": "Input data from method parameters flows into string concatenations and join operations to produce a final message, used solely within an exception message context.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains multiple classes with obfuscated class names and attributes that are not utilized beyond holding string constants. The __init__ method builds a message based on input parameters without external side effects. The class kbJGfSyFsRuElCxqjCwdUrbGVjGtPIsZ is defined with an attribute but is not used elsewhere. No dynamic execution, network calls, or hidden behavior are present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to define custom exception classes, some with hardcoded secret-like strings, but these strings are not used in any malicious context—they seem to serve as identifiers or labels. The main class, MHizbRUKEiJVQVfKRsXfDbIGfiJZVklr, assembles descriptive messages based on input parameters, which could be used for logging or error reporting. There are no indications of malicious data handling, network activity, or backdoors. The presence of obfuscated class and attribute names suggests an attempt to hide intent or structure, but functionality remains within normal bounds for exception message composition.",
  "conclusion": "There is no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks in this code. The code primarily focuses on structured exception message formatting with obfuscated identifiers. No data leakage, network activity, or harmful operations are present. The obfuscation appears superficial and likely intended to conceal code structure rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}