{
  "purpose": "This code implements OpenID Connect (OIDC) authentication for a Dash application, managing OAuth providers, login/logout flows, and session security.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from environment variables (for force_https_callback), function parameters (secret_key, login/logout routes, idp list, logout_page), HTTP request headers, and OAuth provider responses.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data could be stored or transmitted via session variables (user info, refresh_token), redirect URLs, and OAuth tokens. These are used in redirects and session storage, with no apparent data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "User requests to login trigger OAuth authorization redirects; OAuth responses update session data; logout clears session; redirect URIs are generated with headers and environment variables influencing URLs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. The secret key generation is recommended but not executed dynamically; no obfuscated or malicious code constructs found. Logging is optional but not sensitive. The code properly validates route placeholders.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes an OIDC authentication flow, registering providers, creating OAuth clients, and managing login/logout/session states securely. It enforces presence of secret keys, secures session cookies if specified, and verifies route placeholders to prevent misconfigurations. No signs of malicious behavior such as network data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or malicious payloads. The use of environment variables for URL schemes and headers for host info appears standard. OAuth tokens are stored in session but not transmitted insecurely. The code does not perform unsafe eval or dynamic code execution. The only potential concern is reliance on external environment variables and headers for URL generation, but these are standard practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of OIDC authentication with proper security checks. There are no indicators of malicious intent or malware. It adheres to best practices for session security and input validation. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}