{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for source detection, encoding detection, stream handling, URI processing, dynamic importing, option extraction, value stringification, and byte stream statistics tracking.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables, file paths, source URLs, and stream objects.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted sources include URL parsing, environment variables, and stream objects. Sinks include import statements, stream seeking, and URL requoting.",
  "flows": "Input data (URLs, streams, strings) are processed through detection functions, encoding detection, and potentially imported modules, then used for data handling and normalization.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic import_attribute function which could load malicious modules if given malicious path, though it relies on trusted paths. Requoting URIs involves request.utils, which is standard, but could be misused if input is malicious. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated code or suspicious code patterns are observed. No evidence of malicious code injection, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The code is mainly utility functions.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for detecting data source schemes and formats, detecting encodings, normalizing encodings, checking HTML, resetting streams, ensuring directory existence, requoting URIs, dynamic module attribute importation, extracting options, and stringifying values. The functions operate on input parameters, environment variables, and streams, with some potential for misuse if inputs are malicious, especially the import_attribute and requote_uri functions. However, these functions are standard for data processing and do not contain malicious payloads. No suspicious behaviors such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoor activity are present. The code appears to be well-structured, using standard libraries and practices without obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code consists of utility functions typical in data processing pipelines. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling is evident. There are no signs of malware or malicious sabotage. The only potential concern is the dynamic import_attribute function, which, if misused with malicious paths, could import malicious modules, but this is a controlled, explicit operation assuming trusted input. Overall, the code is benign and intended for general utility tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}