{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to locate Jupyter notebooks in specific directories and execute them for testing purposes, as well as clearing outputs of notebooks.",
  "sources": "The code reads files from the directory 'docs/examples' and notebook files with '.ipynb' extension. It also reads notebook content into memory using nbformat.read.",
  "sinks": "The code executes notebooks using nbconvert's ExecutePreprocessor and runs shell commands via os.system to clear outputs, which could potentially execute malicious code if notebooks contain harmful scripts.",
  "flows": "Source: Reading notebook files from disk -> Notebook content loaded into memory -> Execution via ExecutePreprocessor -> Clearing outputs with os.system calling jupyter nbconvert -> Shell command execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not perform validation or sanitization on notebook files before execution. Using os.system with notebook filenames could be risky if filenames are manipulated, though unlikely in this context. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code are present.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily searches for notebook files in a specific directory, loads them, and executes them with a timeout limit. It also clears outputs of notebooks via a shell command. The use of nbformat and nbconvert is standard for notebook processing. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The direct shell command execution could pose a risk if filenames are maliciously crafted, but in a typical package environment, this is a controlled process. There is no evidence of data leakage, credential theft, or malicious network activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard testing utility for notebooks with no apparent malicious intent. It automates notebook execution and output clearing, which are common tasks in data science pipelines. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}