{
  "purpose": "This code implements a command-line interface (CLI) wrapper for managing storage infrastructure, including nodes, clusters, volumes, and other resources. It primarily handles argument parsing and dispatches commands to external functions for execution.",
  "sources": "Command-line arguments parsed via argparse, including parameters like '--CLI_PASS', '--spdk-image', '--contact-point', and other command-specific options.",
  "sinks": "Dispatch functions such as 'storage_node__deploy', 'cluster__create', etc., which are external and not shown. No direct data sinks or unsafe code execution within this snippet.",
  "flows": "User inputs are parsed into args; command and subcommand are identified; corresponding handler functions are called with args. No dynamic code execution or injection observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or obfuscation. Many parameters are sensitive (e.g., '--CLI_PASS'), but they are merely argument definitions, not handled insecurely here. Developer mode gates access to privileged commands.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured CLI dispatch framework with extensive command and argument definitions. It does not contain obfuscated code or malicious payloads. The security of the system depends on the implementation of the invoked functions, which are outside this snippet. No signs of code injection, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The presence of sensitive parameters in arguments warrants secure handling downstream, but within this code, no vulnerabilities are evident. The use of 'developer_mode' for privileged commands is a standard security measure. Overall, the code appears legitimate and secure, with low inherent risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured CLI wrapper for storage management, with no signs of malicious or obfuscated code. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the overall security risk is low (~0.2). Proper security depends on secure implementation of the called functions, but the dispatch logic itself is safe and standard.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}