{
  "purpose": "Provides embedding models for text processing, utilizing external APIs or local libraries.",
  "sources": "Input texts, API keys and connection parameters, external dependencies (numpy, tiktoken, manifest, OpenAIClient).",
  "sinks": "API calls to create embeddings, data returned from external services, potential data flow to external APIs.",
  "flows": "Input texts flow into embedding functions, which invoke external API clients or local processing, returning embedding vectors.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious constructs detected. Credential parameters are passed as arguments, not embedded.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of embedding classes with external API integrations. It handles dependencies dynamically, performs data chunking, and calls external services for embeddings. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. API keys are passed as parameters, reducing immediate risk. External dependencies are typical for such tasks. The code structure is clear, and data flows are straightforward. No signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or security flaws are evident. The only potential concern is the handling of API credentials, which is managed via parameters, not hardcoded secrets. The external API interactions are necessary for embedding generation and are implemented securely in terms of code structure.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured implementation for embedding generation with external API support. No malicious intent, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to external API interactions and credential management, which are handled appropriately via parameters. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk score is approximately 0.2, reflecting cautious handling of API credentials. Overall, the supply chain security posture of this code is sound.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}