{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to encrypt and decrypt Python source files using a custom TokenCryptor, transforming code into an obfuscated single-line format with specific encryption methods.",
  "sources": "Reading input file content, reading lines from the file, accessing environment variables via os (if used elsewhere), and the content within the TokenCryptor class (not provided).",
  "sinks": "Execution of decrypted code via exec() within run_decrypted_code(), writing to output files, and potentially executing dynamically decrypted code.",
  "flows": "Reading file content -> encrypting/decrypting code -> embedding in a string -> transforming into one-line format -> executing decrypted code via exec() in runtime.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() to run decrypted code, which is inherently risky, especially since decrypted content is dynamically executed without additional safety checks. The process of smashing code into a single line with special characters is unusual but not malicious by itself. The presence of a custom encryption/decryption process implies potential obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The script reads Python code from files, encrypts or decrypts it using a custom TokenCryptor, then rewrites the code into a single-line string with special character separators. When encrypting, it embeds the encrypted code within a code snippet that decrypts and executes it at runtime, effectively creating a self-decrypting script. The decrypt mode reverses this process. The use of exec() on decrypted code introduces significant security risks if malicious code is encrypted or if the input is untrusted. The reliance on dynamic execution without validation could lead to arbitrary code execution vulnerabilities. There are no hardcoded credentials or network communications observed. The encryption/decryption process and obfuscation appear intended to conceal code functionality, which could be for legitimate obfuscation or malicious purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs dynamic encryption and decryption of Python scripts with self-executing decrypted content, primarily using exec(). This behavior poses high security concerns due to the potential for executing malicious code embedded in the encrypted payload. The obfuscation methods and dynamic execution are suspicious, especially if the source or input is untrusted. Overall, the code's design could facilitate malicious payload delivery or conceal malicious actions through obfuscation.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.6,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 1
}