{
  "purpose": "The code provides a command-line utility to encrypt and decrypt Python files using the TokenCryptor class, with obfuscation techniques such as smashing code into one line with special characters.",
  "sources": "Reading input Python files specified by user; reading code content from input files.",
  "sinks": "Writing processed (encrypted/decrypted and smashed) code into output files.",
  "flows": "Input file content -> encrypt/decrypt functions -> smashing functions -> output file write operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code encrypts code lines selectively, embeds encrypted code within a string variable, and executes decrypted code dynamically via exec(). The code also transforms the output into a single line with special characters, which can hinder static analysis. Use of exec() on decrypted code introduces a risk of executing malicious code if the encrypted payload is malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script reads Python code from files and uses the TokenCryptor class to encrypt or decrypt content. During encryption, it preserves import statements and encrypts other lines, embedding the encrypted string within a generated code snippet that, when run, decrypts and executes the original code dynamically via exec(). The decryption process extracts the encrypted string and decrypts it. The smash_into_one_line function obfuscates the code further by removing whitespace and inserting special characters at regular intervals, which can complicate static analysis but does not directly pose a malicious threat. The overall flow involves reading files, transforming code with encryption/decryption, and executing code dynamically, which is inherently risky if the encrypted payload is malicious. However, there is no explicit malicious behavior such as network activity, data theft, or system modifications shown. The use of exec() on decrypted code is the primary concern, as it could be exploited if the encrypted payload contains malicious instructions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for code obfuscation and encryption/decryption of Python scripts. While it does include dynamic execution via exec(), which is risky, it does not inherently contain malicious behavior or malicious payloads. Its main risk lies in the potential execution of malicious encrypted content if tampered with. The code itself does not perform harmful actions but employs obfuscation and dynamic execution techniques that can be exploited for malicious purposes if used improperly.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 5
}