{
  "purpose": "Provides functions to include multiple Django settings files, supporting optional files and glob patterns, by reading, compiling, and executing their contents dynamically.",
  "sources": "Filesystem files matched via glob patterns, the scope's globals, and the __file__ attribute for path resolution.",
  "sinks": "Execution of file contents via compile() and exec(), dynamic creation and insertion of modules into sys.modules.",
  "flows": "Pattern matching with glob, reading file contents, compiling code, executing with exec(), updating sys.modules, and manipulating scope variables.",
  "anomalies": "Use of compile() and exec() on files read from disk without validation or sanitization; dynamic module creation; manipulation of __included_files__ and __included_file__ variables.",
  "analysis": "The code enables flexible inclusion of configuration files by reading and executing their contents directly, which introduces significant security risks. The use of exec() on external files without validation can lead to arbitrary code execution if files are malicious or compromised. The code also dynamically loads modules into sys.modules, which could be exploited. While the code is straightforward and intended for configuration management, its pattern of executing external code without validation is inherently unsafe. No obfuscation is present, and the logic is clear. The primary concern is the potential for malicious payloads to be executed, making this a high-security risk pattern.",
  "conclusion": "The code pattern allows for dynamic inclusion of external files via glob patterns, compiling and executing their contents without validation. This creates a high security risk, as malicious files could execute arbitrary code. The malware potential score should be high, around 0.8, reflecting the risk of malicious code execution. The overall security risk score should be approximately 0.85. No obfuscation is present. Environments using this pattern should implement validation, sandboxing, or avoid executing untrusted files to mitigate risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.8,
  "securityRisk": 0.85,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}