{
  "purpose": "The code provides cryptographic functions for JWT, JWE, and JWS handling, including encryption, decryption, signing, and verification, primarily aimed at secure token management.",
  "sources": "Input sources include claims dictionary for encryption/signing, JWE/JWS tokens for decryption/verification, and JWKs for cryptographic operations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include cryptographic functions that process untrusted data such as claims, headers, and tokens; especially in encryption/decryption and signing/verification routines.",
  "flows": "Data flows from claims or tokens (sources) through cryptographic processing functions (sinks), involving base64 encoding/decoding, JSON serialization, and cryptographic operations like encryption, decryption, signing, and verification.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a deprecation warning about a temporary version key; use of dynamic imports, flexible cryptographic algorithms, and base64 handling are normal but could be misused if inputs are untrusted. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are apparent. No evidence of obfuscation or malicious code logic.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a standard implementation of JWT, JWE, and JWS handling, with cryptographic operations from the Crypto library. It handles key encryption, digital signatures, and claims validation. It does not include any network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification commands. The dynamic import fallback for json, flexible algorithm selection, and encoding functions are typical in cryptographic modules. No suspicious behavior such as data leaks, hidden backdoors, or malicious payloads are present. The only concern could be potential misuse if untrusted data is processed without proper validation, but this is standard for such libraries.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a standard, legitimate cryptographic library for JWT and related token handling. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It is well-structured and uses common cryptographic practices. The overall security risk is low, assuming proper use and validation by the consuming application.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}