{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for displaying unified diffs, formatting import statements, handling user prompts, and printing messages with optional color output. It is intended for code review or diff visualization tools.",
  "sources": "Reads input strings (file contents), file paths for modification times, user input from stdin, and optionally colorama for colored output.",
  "sinks": "Writes diff lines to output streams (stdout or provided TextIO), prints messages to stderr or stdout, and accepts user input for prompts.",
  "flows": "Reads file contents and user input; outputs diff lines and messages; uses user input to decide whether to apply changes.",
  "anomalies": "Uses input() function to prompt user interaction, which could be exploited in a malicious context if used in a compromised environment, but is typical for CLI tools. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are present. No unsafe dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises standard utility functions for diff visualization and user interaction. It imports well-known modules, with a conditional import of colorama for colored output. The functions handle formatting, diff display, user prompts, and message printing. No signs of malware such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The user prompt uses input() with no direct threat, and the code only performs file and string operations. No suspicious patterns, code injection points, or data leaks are detected. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility for diff display and user prompts. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on its current implementation. Its design aligns with standard CLI diff tools, with no evidence of malicious intent or backdoors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}