{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a utility for displaying diffs between file contents, formatting import statements, and handling colored terminal output. It facilitates code review workflows by showing unified diffs and asking for user confirmation to apply changes.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as 'file_input', 'file_output', and 'file_path'. User input is taken via 'input()' in 'ask_whether_to_apply_changes_to_file'.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include writing diff lines to the output stream and printing prompts or messages to stdout or stderr.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file content parameters into diff calculation; user input flows from 'input()' into control logic; diff lines flow to output streams for display.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No obfuscated code or unusual code constructs. Usage of 'sys.exit()' on user command is typical for CLI tools. No suspicious external network calls or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward diff visualization utility with functions for formatting import statements, displaying diffs with optional color, and prompting user interaction for applying changes. It imports standard libraries and an optional 'colorama' package for colored output. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data theft, or backdoors. The input and output handling is typical for CLI tools. The code does not manipulate environment variables insecurely, nor does it execute code dynamically or use unsafe functions. Overall, the logic is safe, and no suspicious or malicious elements are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign CLI utility focused on displaying diffs, formatting import lines, and handling user prompts. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It appears to be a standard, well-structured diff viewing script without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}