{
  "purpose": "This script provides utilities for showing unified diffs, formatting import statements, handling terminal output with optional color, and user prompts for applying file changes. Its main use appears to be aiding code review or file comparison workflows.",
  "sources": "Input sources include file contents (file_input, file_output), file paths (file_path), user input (via input()), and environment variables (e.g., sys.argv, imported modules).",
  "sinks": "Output sinks are sys.stdout, sys.stderr, and user input prompts. The code writes diff lines, prints messages, and potentially exits the program.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file contents and user input through diff generation and prompts. Diff lines are generated from file_input and file_output, then printed or styled for output. User prompts can terminate execution.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious code. The code includes user prompts for applying changes, which could be misused if misrepresented, but this is typical for diff tools. Colorama import is optional, and the code handles its absence gracefully. No code injections, network activity, or covert data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard diff generation and display, with functions to format import lines and manage terminal output with optional color support. It uses regex for diff line detection and provides user interaction for applying changes. The import statements, diff functions, and user prompts are all typical and benign. No suspicious file operations, network activity, or obfuscated code segments are present. The code's logic and structure are straightforward, and no anomalies indicating malicious intent are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a utility for visualizing code differences and managing user decisions about applying changes. It operates solely within the context of file comparison and user interaction, with no evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior. It appears safe and standard for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}