{
  "purpose": "The script initializes and configures an agent-based server environment, loading agent configurations from YAML files and registering them for operation.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include configuration files (YAML format) loaded via load_agent_config() and environment variables via load_dotenv().",
  "sinks": "Data is used to create AgentSkill, AgentCapabilities, and AgentCard objects, and registered with the server. No direct untrusted data sinks such as network transmissions or system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Configuration data from YAML files flows into object creation functions, then into the server registration process, but no untrusted data is propagated outside controlled object initialization.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are present. The code loads environment variables securely, uses standard libraries, and performs typical configuration tasks. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are used.",
  "analysis": "The code loads configuration data from YAML files, processes this data into internal objects representing agent skills, capabilities, and cards, then registers these agents with a server object. It includes error handling and logging. No code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior is observed. Sensitive data like environment variables are loaded securely but are not directly used within the provided code. External library usage appears standard and justified for configuration loading, logging, and command-line interface. Overall, the code appears benign and standard for agent configuration management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard agent server setup script that loads configuration files, creates agent objects, and registers them with a server. No malicious or suspicious activity is detected. It functions as a typical configuration and initialization script without any signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}