{
  "purpose": "Fetches and parses club profile information from a specified URL, extracting the club name and total number of members.",
  "sources": "Reads the club ID input, performs HTTP GET request to a constructed URL, retrieves webpage content, and parses HTML elements.",
  "sinks": "Uses requests.get to retrieve webpage data; parses HTML with BeautifulSoup. No data is sent to external untrusted endpoints or written to files.",
  "flows": "Input club_id -> URL construction -> HTTP request -> HTML parsing -> extraction of club name and member count.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated variable names, which may indicate an attempt to obscure purpose. The URL construction is straightforward, but variable naming is unusual. No hardcoded credentials or malicious logic found. No dynamic code execution or suspicious network activity detected. The variables and functions are consistent with normal web scraping.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to perform web scraping to extract specific information from a club profile webpage. It constructs URLs from a base and club ID, makes HTTP requests with a timeout, checks for redirection, and then uses BeautifulSoup to find specific HTML elements. It raises errors if expected elements are missing or malformed. No malicious or sabotage behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are evident. The obfuscated variable names could be a red flag but are consistent with a scraper that intentionally obscures code for some reason. No signs of malware, such as network exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden malicious code, are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a web scraper designed to extract club name and member count from a webpage. Despite obfuscated variable names, the logic is straightforward and appears benign. There is no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. The code may be obfuscated to hinder easy understanding but does not show malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}