{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for pandas DataFrame index management, supporting retrieval and setting of row names or indices, including handling custom classes with a 'rownames' attribute.",
  "sources": "Access to DataFrame.index, custom attribute 'rownames', and the input object passed to the functions.",
  "sinks": "Assignment to DataFrame.index and potential manipulation of custom 'rownames' attribute; no external data sinks or network activity.",
  "flows": "Input objects flow into functions; DataFrame index or 'rownames' attribute is retrieved or set; no external data flow or network communication.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated variable and function names; reliance on external 'is_package_installed' utility; use of a non-standard 'rownames' attribute instead of pandas' 'index'.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions to get and set row names or indices for pandas DataFrames and custom objects. It employs 'singledispatch' for type-specific handling. The variable names are intentionally obfuscated, which hampers readability but does not imply malicious intent. The functions do not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection. The use of a 'rownames' attribute is non-standard but could be part of custom class design; it does not introduce security issues. The code's operations are straightforward data manipulations, typical in data processing workflows. The obfuscation appears superficial, aimed at concealment rather than malicious activity. No hardcoded credentials, external communications, or dangerous code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility module for pandas DataFrame index management with superficial obfuscation. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. The low malware score (0) and low security risk score (~0.15) are appropriate. The obfuscation score (~0.7) reflects variable naming but does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code poses minimal security risk and is suitable for use in data processing pipelines.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}