{
  "purpose": "Client for interacting with a DICOMweb service over network using HTTP, facilitating data retrieval, storage, and management of DICOM instances and metadata.",
  "sources": "URL parsing and construction, HTTP request methods (_http_get, _http_post, _http_delete), request response handling, JSON parsing, XML parsing, and data encoding/decoding.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request methods that send data or request resources, response handling that processes received data, and data parsing functions that convert server responses into datasets or raw bytes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs or function parameters into URL construction and request functions; responses are processed, parsed, and returned as datasets, JSON objects, or raw bytes, depending on the request.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code patterns; presence of retry logic, verbose logging, and warnings; standard use of third-party libraries with no evidence of malicious modifications. URL regex and response parsing are typical.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a comprehensive client for DICOMweb, including URL construction, request retries, multipart message handling, and various data formats. No suspicious external data manipulation, backdoors, or malicious intent are evident. The retrying logic and verbose logging are standard. Response handling parses JSON, XML, and binary data as expected for a DICOM client. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious URL patterns, or data exfiltration code is present. The functions are primarily data retrieval/storage with standard error checking and logging.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured DICOMweb client implementation. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks are detected. It operates within typical bounds for medical imaging data management. Risks related to security are minimal and relate to standard concerns (e.g., URL validation, input validation). Overall, the code does not exhibit any malware or malicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}