{
  "purpose": "The code defines constants, configuration parameters, and a set of classes and functions for managing and selecting privacy-preserving schemes and methods in a data privacy or differential privacy context.",
  "sources": "The code imports functions from various modules related to local, poisson, shuffle, and allocation schemes. It reads method features, scheme configurations, and scheme parameters. It also accesses attributes within the methods_dict dictionary to retrieve method features.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks for untrusted data are present. The code does not process or execute external or user-provided input, nor does it write or transmit data over networks. The function get_features_for_methods accesses attributes dynamically but only from predefined classes and dictionaries.",
  "flows": "The flow involves retrieving method feature attributes from predefined classes based on method names, which are statically defined within the code. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code are detected. The code is primarily configuration and utility functions, with no obfuscated code or dynamic code execution. It uses well-structured data classes and constants, and no suspicious runtime behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of constants, data class definitions, and a function to extract features from a predefined dictionary of method features. It imports functions from other modules but does not invoke them, modify data dynamically, or perform network or system operations. The retrieval of method features is static and safe. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code appears to serve as part of a larger privacy or differential privacy framework, with no indications of malicious intent or security vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, serving as a configuration and utility module for privacy schemes. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The overall security risk score is very low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}