{
  "purpose": "The code defines constants, data structures, and functions for managing different privacy-preserving schemes and methods, likely for use in experiments or analysis related to differential privacy or similar fields.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from imported modules (local_epsilon, local_delta, poisson_epsilon_pld, etc.) and uses the 'methods_dict' to access method features based on method keys.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any untrusted data outputs, network operations, file writes, or environment variable usage. It mainly reads from imported modules and internal data structures.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves setting constants, defining data classes, and accessing method features via 'get_features_for_methods' which retrieves attributes from 'methods_dict' based on method keys.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, hard-coded secrets, or suspicious logic are present. The code appears to be standard configuration and data management code for a privacy analysis framework.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily configuration for privacy schemes and methods, involving static data structures and function definitions. It imports specific functions from other modules, which are named similarly to privacy mechanisms. No network, file, or environment variable operations are present. The data class 'MethodFeatures' encapsulates method attributes, and 'get_features_for_methods' retrieves specific features, both straightforward. No signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected. The code appears clean, well-structured, and standard for such experimental setups.",
  "conclusion": "There are no indications of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks within this code fragment. It functions as a configuration and utility module for privacy schemes, with no suspicious activity. Confidence is high that this is benign and intended for legitimate experimental purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}