{
  "purpose": "This code manages retrieval and validation of cryptographic keys (public and private) from various sources such as URLs, data URIs, and local files, for use in JWT and cryptography operations.",
  "sources": "Input sources include URL fetches for public keys, data URIs for private keys, and local filesystem reads for private keys.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include returning key data, network requests, and file reads, which could be exploited if input is malicious or tampered.",
  "flows": "Key identifiers are validated, then used to fetch or load key data from external URLs, data URIs, or local files. Data flows from sources to sinks via validation and retrieval functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses external libraries (cryptography, requests, jwt) correctly and does not contain obvious hardcoded secrets or backdoors. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected. Logging is minimal but standard.",
  "analysis": "The code performs validation on key identifiers, ensuring they follow a safe pattern, reducing injection risks. Public keys are retrieved over HTTPS with proper content-type checks, minimizing content injection risks. Private keys can be loaded from data URIs, static inputs, or local files, with appropriate handling. No hardcoded credentials or malicious logic are present. The code appears to implement standard cryptographic key handling securely. External dependencies are used responsibly, and network operations include exception handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or cryptojacking. Overall, the code is focused on secure key management with proper validation and error handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for secure key retrieval and management without evident malicious intent. It employs validation, exception handling, and content-type checks appropriately. No malicious behaviors or backdoors are detected. The overall security risk is low, and no malicious activity is apparent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}