{
  "purpose": "To evaluate the security implications of the provided Python code, focusing on potential malicious behavior, vulnerabilities, and obfuscation.",
  "sources": "Input expressions parsed in compile_transition_expression, _extract_wff, and _extract_counter_states functions.",
  "sinks": "exec() calls that compile and execute dynamically generated code strings, which could execute arbitrary code if input is malicious.",
  "flows": "Input expression -> regex transformations in _construct_wff_callable and _construct_counter_state_callable -> code string execution via exec() -> potential code injection if input is malicious.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on untrusted input with minimal validation; regex replacements that could be exploited to inject malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code relies on parsing input expressions and transforming them into executable code strings, then running them with exec(). Although format validation exists, it does not prevent injection of malicious code. The regex manipulations modify the input to generate code, which, if crafted maliciously, could lead to arbitrary code execution. No malicious payloads or backdoors are embedded; the concern is the pattern of unsafe dynamic code execution. The use of exec() on untrusted input is a well-known security vulnerability. The code is otherwise clear and not obfuscated. The primary risk is potential code injection, not embedded malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code pattern introduces a high security risk due to unsafe use of exec() with external input, making it vulnerable to code injection attacks. There is no evidence of embedded malware or obfuscation. The overall security risk score should be approximately 0.8, reflecting the potential for exploitation. Malware score remains at 0, as no malicious payloads are present. To mitigate this, refactoring to avoid exec() or implementing strict input sanitization is recommended.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}