{
  "purpose": "This code implements a GUI-based system for probabilistic and deterministic penetration analysis and drawing operations, managing formulas, input parameters, and visualization of results.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user inputs via Tkinter Entry widgets, file dialog selections for loading pickle files, and predefined method selections for formulas and distributions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include reading from pickle files, writing to pickle files, printing to stdout, and plotting with matplotlib, which could be exploited if malicious data is fed in or if external scripts are injected via data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs or files into internal dictionaries and dataframes, which are processed by formula classes and visualized via plotting functions; data from files or user inputs can influence calculations and visualizations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets detected. No use of eval or exec functions for dynamic code execution. The import of a local module '.Penetration' could be scrutinized, but its usage appears standard for formula classes. The code contains extensive GUI setup and data handling but no obfuscated code or hidden behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages GUI elements for input, selection, and visualization related to penetration formulas and probabilistic analysis. It reads and writes pickle files, uses standard plotting libraries, and handles user data inputs with validation. There are no suspicious network calls, reverse shells, data exfiltration, or hidden processes. The data flow is controlled through GUI components and file operations. No signs of malicious behavior such as code injection, backdoors, or privacy violations are evident. The code’s structure suggests a typical application for analysis with input validation and standard libraries. No obfuscated code or malware-like behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex GUI application for analysis and visualization, with no evident malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It uses standard Python libraries and well-structured classes, performing typical data processing and plotting. The likelihood of malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}