{
  "purpose": "This code defines abstract base classes for database cursor operations, including listing tables and retrieving metadata, with some utility methods for iteration and configuration.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration, connection objects, and potentially external responses via retry_api_call. It also reads method parameters such as table names and operation details.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include responses from list_tables and describe_table methods, which could contain untrusted data. However, these are used internally and not directly exposed as untrusted inputs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from connection and API responses (list_tables, describe_table) to internal methods, with exception handling that logs errors and raises operational exceptions. No untrusted data flows directly to insecure sinks like system commands or external communications.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies or suspicious code behaviors. The code uses standard patterns for API call retries, exception logging, and data retrieval. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a structured, standard implementation of database cursor abstraction with methods to list tables, retrieve metadata, and manage iteration. It employs safe exception handling with logging, uses retry logic for API calls, and contains no evident malicious or suspicious code constructs. It does not execute untrusted code, handle sensitive data insecurely, or contain backdoors. The structure and usage appear typical of an SDK or client library for database interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a well-structured, typical database client abstraction layer with no indications of malicious intent or malicious behaviors. It handles API calls and data management safely without exposing or mishandling untrusted data. No malicious or security-risk behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}