{
  "purpose": "The code provides statistical functions for data analysis, including weighted mean, covariance, variance, linear model calculations, uncertainty propagation, and formatting of numerical output with uncertainties.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via function parameters (x, y, w, m, c, sigma_m, sigma_c, cov_mc, val, err, unit, scale). No external data sources or user inputs are directly accessed within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write to or send data over the network, nor does it execute external commands or access system resources. It only processes numerical data internally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., x, y, w) through computations to return values like y, uy, or formatted strings. No untrusted input is being propagated to insecure sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward with standard mathematical operations. There are no unusual code constructs, no hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution. The formatting function handles scientific notation and uncertainties but does so with standard formatting logic.",
  "analysis": "The functions perform typical statistical and formatting calculations. The weighted mean, covariance, and variance functions use numpy's sum and mathematical operations normally. The y_estrapolato function propagates uncertainties correctly assuming Gaussian errors. The format_value_auto function formats numerical values with their uncertainties, handling scaling and scientific notation appropriately. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious logic, or suspicious data handling. The code does not interact with external systems, network, or file I/O, nor does it include any backdoors or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign set of statistical and formatting functions for data analysis. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indicators are present. It is safe and does not pose supply chain security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}