{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Python class for managing Databricks jobs via API, including creating, listing, deleting, resetting, running, and exporting jobs and runs.",
  "sources": "User input parameters such as cluster IDs, task details, job IDs, run IDs, and configuration settings. These are used in API request payloads.",
  "sinks": "API request payloads sent via _post and _get methods, which could potentially transmit untrusted or sensitive data if parameters are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into payloads for various API requests. Data flows from user inputs through the class methods into API calls, with no evident malicious data handling or external data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials; no obfuscated code; no suspicious dynamic code execution. The code is straightforward, defining exception classes and a job management class. The class methods prepare API requests based on input parameters without processing or storing sensitive data internally.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured interface to manage Databricks jobs via API, with clear parameter validation and request formation. It does not include any suspicious or malicious code, such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or system manipulation. It relies on external methods _post and _get for network communication, which are not shown but are expected to perform standard HTTP requests. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated or suspicious language features are used. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate API wrapper without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API wrapper for Databricks job management, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles user inputs to construct API calls safely, with no signs of sabotage or malware. It appears to be a benign, functional module with no security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}