{
  "purpose": "Defines various Python classes representing Google Cloud Vertex AI resource artifacts and their creation methods, primarily for use in Kubeflow Pipelines components.",
  "sources": "Imports from 'kfp', 'typing', and 'textwrap'. Class methods that generate resource URIs and resource names from input parameters.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks where untrusted data flows directly into system-critical operations or external systems. No code executes external commands, writes data to files, or transmits data over networks.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method parameters (resource identifiers, metadata) into class instantiation and artifact creation, but these are structured data assignments without processing untrusted input in a risky manner.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or unusual control flow. The code appears to be well-structured and adheres to typical schema definitions for resource artifacts.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a set of classes that extend 'dsl.Artifact', representing different Google Cloud Vertex AI resources and metrics. Each class has a 'create' method that constructs an artifact with provided parameters, mainly resource identifiers and URIs. The resource URIs and names are built from input parameters that are intended to be resource-specific strings, not user-generated or untrusted data. There are no system calls, network connections, or data leaks present. The code does not include any obfuscated or dynamic execution mechanisms. Overall, it appears to be a standard schema and resource object definition for use in pipeline components.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a structured schema for defining resource artifacts related to Google Cloud Vertex AI and BigQuery. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It primarily facilitates artifact metadata management within Kubeflow Pipelines. The code appears safe and free of supply chain attacks or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}