{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this source code appears to be to perform data processing, possibly involving network communication or data transformation, but no explicit purpose is clear due to lack of contextual comments or documentation.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from variables, environment variables, or imported modules. Specific input sources are not explicitly shown, but any external data likely comes from environment variables or network responses.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network connections, file writes, or data transmissions initiated within the code. The code may write data to files or send data over the network, but details are ambiguous without explicit function calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from sources such as environment variables or input functions toward sinks like network sockets, files, or output functions. Due to the absence of clear function definitions, the exact source-to-sink flow paths cannot be precisely identified.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious URL patterns, or obfuscated code features are detected. The code lacks comments or unusual language features that indicate obfuscation or malicious intent. The structure appears straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code is minimal and straightforward, with no signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or malicious network activity. It does not include any suspicious imports or unusual code constructs. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated segments are present. The absence of explicit input/output functions makes detailed flow analysis difficult, but there is no evidence of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the available code, there is no indication of malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or security risks. The code appears benign with no clear malware indicators. However, the limited snippet constrains full assessment; no malicious intent or security issues are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}