{
  "purpose": "This code contains prompts for a specialized AI system designed to evaluate factuality, groundedness, and correctness of claims based on provided text contexts. The prompts guide the AI to analyze claims, verify their support within given sources, and correct responses to align strictly with the source content.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data in the form of {context}, {source}, {question_original}, and {response}. These inputs are used to generate structured evaluations and corrections.",
  "sinks": "No apparent sinks where untrusted data could lead to data leaks, code execution, or malicious actions. The code primarily defines prompt templates for an AI language model and does not include execution or data handling that could be exploited.",
  "flows": "The code flows from input variables ({context}, {source}, {question_original}, {response}) into prompts, which are then presumably used to generate responses. No data flows from untrusted sources to critical system components or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code consists solely of string templates with placeholders, no code execution, dynamic evaluation, or obfuscated logic. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code snippets.",
  "analysis": "The code defines prompt templates for an AI system focused on factuality and ground truth evaluation. It involves no executable logic, no network calls, and no file operations. The templates merely specify structured instructions and do not process or handle data directly. Given the absence of code execution or data handling, the risk of malicious activity or sabotage is negligible. The only potential concern is misuse of these prompts to generate malicious content, but as code, there is no embedded malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code contains only prompt templates for an AI-based factuality evaluation system. There are no signs of malicious code, malware, or security risks within the provided content. It appears to be a benign configuration of prompts intended for controlled AI interactions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}