{
  "purpose": "Define custom Django admin list filters for FBG and OGTT values based on specific thresholds.",
  "sources": "Input requests via methods like bTvcjMXBFexGGZkLYIHdBzNsswvxlQEc, which determine filter criteria based on user selection.",
  "sinks": "Filtering operations on the model queryset via filter() method, but no untrusted data is directly used in these filters.",
  "flows": "User selection from filter options (e.g., 'fbg_normal', 'fbg_high', 'ogtt_normal', 'ogtt_high') influences filter conditions applied to the queryset.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated method names and variable names, which could indicate attempts at concealment. The method hUvZzYgsCmaYRNNCvgNoepCTBeiAOlnW() is called multiple times without definition, suggesting possible placeholder or obfuscation. No actual source of untrusted input beyond the filter selection logic.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two Django SimpleListFilter subclasses, each providing filter options for FBG and OGTT values. Both classes use obfuscated method and variable names, which is suspicious and could hinder review or maintenance. The methods that determine filter criteria rely on a call to an undefined or obfuscated method, which is potentially a placeholder or obfuscation tactic. These methods return filter conditions based on fixed thresholds using Decimal, which appears standard and safe. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, network activity, or hidden backdoors. The obfuscation and lack of clarity raise suspicion about intent but do not demonstrate malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily intended to implement custom filters for a Django admin interface, but obfuscated method and variable names suggest possible obfuscation tactics. No malicious behavior, such as data leaks, network communication, or backdoors, is evident. The main concern is the obfuscation which might be used to hide malicious intent, but based on the code provided, it appears as benign filtering logic with potential concealment. Overall, low confidence in malicious intent but warrants further review if context indicates intent to hide malicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}