{
  "purpose": "A utility class for interacting with cloud storage providers (Azure Wasb, AWS S3), performing upload, delete, list, and existence checks via SDK calls.",
  "sources": "Function parameters for data and paths, SDK method calls for storage operations",
  "sinks": "SDK methods that upload data, delete objects, or list buckets/blobs, potentially leading to data exfiltration if inputs are malicious",
  "flows": "Input data flows from method parameters into SDK calls; path parsing functions split paths into container/bucket and object keys; data is uploaded or retrieved via SDK methods",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable and function names, use of dynamic method calls, lack of input validation, no hardcoded secrets, no suspicious network activity",
  "analysis": "The code is a cloud storage utility supporting Azure Wasb and AWS S3, performing standard operations like upload, delete, and check existence. Obfuscated naming may hinder readability but does not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials or network anomalies are present. The functions handle data and paths straightforwardly, with no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors. The obfuscation level is moderate, which could be used to conceal malicious activity, but the code's logic remains benign. The malware score is 0, reflecting no malicious activity. The obfuscation score is moderate (~0.4), justified by variable naming. The security risk score is low (~0.3), considering potential input validation issues but no active threats.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate cloud storage abstraction layer with obfuscated variable names. There is no evidence of malware or malicious behavior. The primary concern is obfuscation and lack of input validation, which could be exploited if inputs are malicious, but the code itself appears safe. Scores of malware 0, obfuscated ~0.4, and risk ~0.3 are appropriate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}