{
  "purpose": "The code provides a facade for interacting with cloud storage services (Azure Wasb, Amazon S3, and AWS) for reading and writing data, with deprecated warnings and multiple utility functions.",
  "sources": "Data inputs come from method parameters such as file paths, data strings, bytes, or BytesIO objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points include upload and load functions that handle string, bytes, or file objects for cloud services. Additionally, the get_blobs_list and delete operations may expose or modify cloud storage contents.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (strings, bytes, BytesIO) through conditional branches based on storage type ('wasb' or 'aws'), leading to cloud upload, download, or deletion functions, often involving path parsing functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated function names (e.g., lHcqtefCimXyvDvCANePBgkUsRQmZvWM, YqeHHBoaYGMTGrCHvCWmgGgmJzHaUVqr) which perform simple string splitting. Usage of deprecated warnings and the dynamic handling of storage types are noted. No hardcoded credentials or obvious malicious code are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly serves as a wrapper around cloud storage SDKs, handling upload, download, delete, and listing files. It uses dynamic type checks and conditional logic to support multiple cloud providers. The use of warning logs indicates awareness of deprecation. The functions for path parsing are straightforward, splitting paths into bucket/container and object key components. There are no suspicious network activities, no code injection, or backdoors. No malicious behaviors like data exfiltration, system modification, or reverse shells are present. The overall structure appears to be a utility module, with obfuscated function names that are simple but not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a cloud storage utility with support for multiple providers, using standard SDK calls. It contains no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. The obfuscated function names are minor and do not indicate malicious purpose. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility module without security risks or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}