{
  "purpose": "This code implements a notes management server using the FastMCP framework, providing tools and resources for note searching, listing, reading, and analyzing through registered tools, resources, and prompts.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from user-invoked functions such as note_search, note_list, note_read, and the directory paths provided to add_notes_dir method; also from optional context parameters for progress reporting.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows include the outputs of note_search, note_list, and note_read functions, as well as resource responses like list_all_notes, get_notes_info, get_note_content, and prompt generation functions that produce strings or message objects based on user input.",
  "flows": "User inputs or external directory paths serve as sources; these inputs flow into search, listing, and reading functions; their outputs then serve as sinks for responses and prompts, which could be sent back to the user or other systems. Prompts also generate instructions that incorporate user inputs, which are then used in downstream tools or responses.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. All functions perform expected note management operations. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or unusual behaviors are evident. Logging is standard, and external libraries are used in typical ways. No suspicious network activity or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a structured server with resource, tool, and prompt registration for managing notes. It reads directories, indexes files, and exposes functions for note search, listing, and reading, as well as prompts for note analysis and browsing. No suspicious data flows, no hardcoded secrets, and no external network activity are present. The functions follow standard patterns for note management and user interaction. The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured application focused on note organization and retrieval.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a notes server with standard functionality. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious code. It securely manages file paths and user inputs without evident security risks or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}