{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to delete (unmount) a collaborator by their ID via HTTP requests, supporting both synchronous and asynchronous operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads the collaborator_id parameter, response data from HTTP responses, and configuration options from the client objects.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with HTTP request functions which could be vulnerable if untrusted input is used improperly; however, the input is sanitized via URL formatting. No critical data sinks like file writes or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "The collaborator_id flows from function arguments into URL formatting, then into HTTP request methods, and response data is parsed for specific status codes. No data leaks or malicious command execution paths are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward with standard request-response handling. No hardcoded secrets or unusual code constructs are found. The use of cast(Any, None) for response 200 is odd but harmless. There is no evidence of obfuscation or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for deleting a collaborator via an HTTP DELETE request. It constructs request parameters, sends requests using the client's HTTP methods, and processes responses based on status codes. It handles expected responses (200, 404) explicitly and raises exceptions on unexpected statuses if configured. The asynchronous functions mirror the synchronous ones with async/await syntax. No suspicious data handling, malicious code, or security risks are evident. It adheres to typical API client patterns without any malicious behavior or malicious code insertion points.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard API client implementation for unmounting collaborators, with no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain sabotage, or security risks. The code's structure and content are consistent with normal, benign API interaction patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}