{
  "purpose": "The code defines configuration data including URLs, a dictionary with URL components, a string identifier, a date format string, and a domain name, likely for network setup or logging purposes.",
  "sources": "Variable assignments reading static strings, URLs, and constants.",
  "sinks": "No sinks or untrusted data flows are present; the code does not process or transmit data actively.",
  "flows": "There are no active data flows; only static variable assignments without execution or network requests.",
  "anomalies": "High obfuscation of variable names, which appear as random strings, but no malicious or suspicious code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of variable assignments with obfuscated names, pointing to URLs and configuration strings. No functions, network requests, or data processing are present. The obfuscation suggests an attempt to hide intent but does not indicate malicious behavior. The URLs are to subdomains of 'brunt.co', which could be benign or malicious depending on context, but no active payloads or network activity are shown. The absence of active code, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads indicates this is likely configuration data. The high obfuscation warrants caution but does not constitute malicious intent. The malware score should be set to 0, as no malicious activity is evident. The security risk remains low, around 0.2, given the lack of active behavior but acknowledging obfuscation. Overall, the code appears benign, with obfuscation being the primary concern.",
  "conclusion": "The code is purely declarative configuration data with heavily obfuscated variable names but no active or malicious behavior. Based on the analysis, there is no evidence of malware or malicious intent. The obfuscation warrants some caution, but the overall security risk is low. The appropriate scores are malware: 0.0, obfuscated: 0.8, security risk: 0.2.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}