{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and interface definitions for the AWS RDS (Relational Database Service) client, providing strongly-typed method signatures for interaction with AWS RDS services using boto3 stubs.",
  "sources": "Imports from system modules, third-party libraries (boto3, botocore), internal module imports (paginator, type_defs, waiter), and class/method definitions. No external user input handling or file reading is evident.",
  "sinks": "Method implementations that return type annotations, property accessors, and method signatures. No direct data sinks, system modifications, or external communications are present in this code fragment.",
  "flows": "The code defines method signatures and type annotations. There are no data flow paths involving untrusted input, as methods are stubs with only signature declarations and docstrings. No runtime logic or data processing is shown.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive type annotations and method signatures but no executable logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior is visible. The copyright year is set to 2025, which is in the future relative to the training data, possibly indicating fake or placeholder data, but this alone is not malicious. The import of internal modules appears normal for a type stub package.",
  "analysis": "The code is purely declarative, defining type annotations, method signatures, and class properties for a boto3 RDS client stub. It includes overloads for method signatures, type safety features, and exception definitions. No runtime code, external data handling, or network communication is implemented. The structure is consistent with a type stub or interface file for static type checking. No suspicious code patterns, obfuscated logic, or malicious activities are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive type annotation and interface declaration for the AWS RDS boto3 client, designed for static type checking and IDE support. It does not contain executable code, data processing, or network operations. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}