{
  "purpose": "Provide various rolling window statistical computations for time series data, including mean, std, max, min, correlation, coefficient of variation, kurtosis, and seasonal variants.",
  "sources": "Input arrays are read in multiple functions for statistical calculations; data is taken from np.ndarray inputs. No external data sources or untrusted inputs are explicitly read.",
  "sinks": "Results are stored in output arrays, which are returned. No data is written to files, network, or external systems. No untrusted data is sent or saved outside the function scope.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function arguments into statistical computations, then into output arrays, with no external or hidden data flow. Computations are based solely on input arrays.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secret keys, or suspicious code segments are present. Use of numba's njit for performance is benign. No obfuscated or malicious-looking code, no dynamic code execution, or suspicious variable naming detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard statistical methods for time series analysis using numpy and numba for performance. Functions perform rolling window calculations such as mean, std, max, min, correlation, coefficient of variation, kurtosis, and seasonal variants. All computations are straightforward and utilize well-known algorithms. No indications of malicious intent, data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are found. The code is clean, with proper handling of NaNs and minimum sample sizes. No external system interactions, network calls, or data leaks are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of statistical utility functions for rolling window analysis of time series data. It appears safe and standard in its implementation, with no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. The use of numba enhances performance but does not introduce security issues. Overall, the code is benign and consistent with typical data analysis utilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}