{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to compute various rolling and seasonal statistical metrics on numerical arrays, mainly for time series analysis in sales or similar data.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters (input_array, x, etc.), typically numpy arrays. No external or untrusted input sources are directly accessed within the code.",
  "sinks": "Output arrays are returned from functions; no data is written to files, network sockets, or external systems. No sensitive data handling or storage is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through calculations within the functions, with no external or side-channel data flows observed. All calculations are internal to the functions, with no external communication or command execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard implementation of rolling statistics with use of @njit for performance. There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors detected. All functions perform legitimate statistical computations.",
  "analysis": "The code is focused on statistical calculations for time series data, using well-known algorithms and numpy functions. It employs @njit for speed, and the functions are straightforward in their purpose and implementation. No code injection, network activity, or system manipulation routines are present. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors are detected. The code does not process or transmit data outside of the numpy arrays and does not include any suspicious code patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate and standard implementation of rolling and seasonal statistics for time series analysis. There are no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It is safe to use from a cybersecurity perspective.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}