{
  "purpose": "The code generates a '.env.example' file based on a pydantic BaseSettings class, extracting environment variables, their descriptions, defaults, and possible choices.",
  "sources": "Reads class source code via inspect.getsource, retrieves schema from model_json_schema(), and accesses class attributes and type hints.",
  "sinks": "Writes the generated environment variable definitions and comments to a file named '.env.example'.",
  "flows": "Source: Class source code and schema extraction -> Processing of class attributes and metadata -> Formatting environment variables and comments -> Output to file.",
  "anomalies": "Uses regex to parse class source code, which could be brittle but not malicious; no handling of external input or untrusted data. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution. No hardcoded credentials or malicious network activity. The code performs standard introspection and file writing with no suspicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The script uses standard Python libraries (inspect, re, textwrap, pathlib, typing) and pydantic for schema extraction. It processes class source code with regex, which is typical for order preservation but not inherently risky. The logic for generating environment variable examples is straightforward, including handling descriptions, defaults, and choices. No external network calls, no data exfiltration, no command execution, and no use of untrusted input sources. It simply reads class metadata, formats it, and writes to a file. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or malware. The code is clean, well-structured, and focused solely on file generation based on class schema and source code analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for generating environment variable templates from a pydantic configuration class. There are no indicators of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. It performs safe introspection and file operations. Overall, it is a benign and straightforward script with no security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}