{
  "purpose": "Provides a GUI widget for executing user-defined SQL queries on multiple input tables within an Orange data analysis environment.",
  "sources": "Input tables received via widget input ports; user input in SQL query textbox; variable name edits in GUI.",
  "sinks": "Execution of SQL queries via DuckDB, which can process untrusted SQL code; outputting a table result.",
  "flows": "Input tables are registered in DuckDB, then the user-entered SQL query is executed on these tables, and the result is converted back to Orange Table for output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Use of 'duckdb' for query execution is standard, but executing arbitrary SQL could be risky if input is maliciously crafted. The code accepts raw SQL from the user, which can be potentially malicious if the user intends harm (e.g., destructive SQL commands). However, this is typical for SQL query tools and not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a GUI widget allowing users to input multiple tables and craft SQL queries to operate on them. It registers the tables in an in-memory DuckDB database, then executes user-supplied SQL commands, and outputs the resulting table. The widget provides input controls for variable naming and manages connections dynamically. There are no signs of malicious code such as hidden backdoors, data exfiltration, or network activity. The use of user-supplied SQL is expected for a query tool; however, executing arbitrary SQL carries inherent security risks if malicious queries are provided. No code injection, data leakage, or system manipulation code is present. The code does not obfuscate or obscure its behavior, and there are no suspicious network or file operations.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard GUI tool for executing SQL queries on provided tables within the Orange environment. While it permits arbitrary SQL input, which could be misused in a malicious context, the code itself does not contain malicious behavior or malware. It is a legitimate query interface with inherent risks due to user input, not due to malicious intent or concealed malicious code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}