{
  "purpose": "This code defines a GUI widget for executing SQL queries on multiple input tables within the Orange data analysis framework.",
  "sources": "Input tables received via multiple input ports; user-entered SQL query from QTextEdit.",
  "sinks": "Execution of the user-defined SQL query on in-memory DuckDB database; potential data leakage if query accesses sensitive data.",
  "flows": "Input tables are registered in DuckDB; user inputs SQL query; query executes on registered tables; result is converted and sent out as an Orange Table.",
  "anomalies": "The code allows direct execution of arbitrary SQL queries via user input without sanitization or restrictions. No explicit input validation or sandboxing is present for the SQL statements, potentially enabling malicious queries to access unintended data or perform harmful operations.",
  "analysis": "The widget accepts multiple input tables, stores their references, and dynamically updates status labels. When the SQL query is executed, it registers the tables in an in-memory DuckDB database, then runs the user-supplied SQL directly. This open execution approach means any SQL command entered by the user is run without filtering. If the user inputs malicious SQL, such as commands to access system files or perform unauthorized operations, it could lead to data leaks or other malicious actions. However, since execution occurs within an in-memory database, the risk is limited to data accessible in that context. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code present. The code's structure appears straightforward, with no signs of malicious payloads or concealed behavior. Nonetheless, allowing unrestricted execution of arbitrary SQL queries can be considered a security risk, especially if the widget is used in untrusted environments.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs expected functions of a GUI SQL executor with multiple data inputs. While the implementation itself does not contain malicious code, the capability to run arbitrary SQL queries without validation or restrictions could pose security risks if misused. There are no signs of malware or obfuscation; the primary concern is the potential for malicious SQL commands to access or manipulate data, which should be carefully managed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 2
}