{
  "purpose": "The code implements an Orange widget allowing users to perform SQL queries on multiple input tables, with GUI components for input selection and query execution.",
  "sources": "The code reads input tables via Orange's input ports and user-entered SQL queries from the QTextEdit widget.",
  "sinks": "The code executes user-provided SQL queries against registered data tables in an in-memory DuckDB database, returning the result as an Orange Table.",
  "flows": "Input tables are registered in DuckDB; user enters SQL query; on execution, the query runs against registered tables; result is fetched and outputted.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic registration of input tables and execution of arbitrary SQL queries, which can potentially lead to SQL injection if user input is malicious. No validation or sanitization of SQL queries is performed. The code exposes no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious system commands. No obfuscated code is present. Use of in-memory DuckDB minimizes persistent threat but does not inherently prevent malicious queries.",
  "analysis": "The widget collects multiple input tables and allows the user to input arbitrary SQL queries for execution. The SQL query is executed directly on the DuckDB in-memory database with tables registered dynamically based on input. There is no sanitization or validation of the SQL input, meaning malicious SQL statements could potentially be executed, such as data manipulation commands or queries designed to leak data if the user inputs malicious SQL. The code does not perform any network operations, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The registration and execution process is straightforward and controlled within the widget, with no evidence of hidden or malicious behavior. Overall, the code facilitates flexible query execution but relies entirely on user input without safeguards against malicious SQL code.",
  "conclusion": "The code allows execution of arbitrary SQL queries on input tables without validation, which could be exploited if the user intentionally inputs malicious SQL. There are no signs of backdoors, data exfiltration, or system compromise mechanisms. The design appears intended for user-driven data analysis, with potential security risk arising solely from untrusted SQL input.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 3
}