{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Trio-based WebSocket client and server library, handling connection setup, message transmission, and WebSocket handshake procedures, including SSL support and connection management.",
  "sources": "Input sources include user-provided URLs, stream objects, and header/header tuples during handshake processes; data reading occurs from network streams (receive_some).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network streams (sending/receiving data), setting internal connection state, and raising exceptions. No direct data leakage points detected; network data is sent and received via standard trio streams and wsproto events.",
  "flows": "Input data from network streams flows through wsproto.receive_data, which updates internal state and triggers event handlers. Handshake data flows from user input (headers, URLs) into connection setup. Data to be sent (messages, control frames) flow through _send methods into network streams.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures observed. Usage of random.getrandbits for ping payloads is standard. No obfuscated or unusual language features detected. No external or hidden network connections, data leaks, or system tampering behaviors apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of a WebSocket client/server library based on trio and wsproto. It includes standard connection management, handshake handling, message exchange, and error handling. Exception handling around connections is detailed, with careful management of exception groups and cancellation to prevent masking errors. The network operations use standard trio streams and SSL contexts. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, covert network connections, or backdoors. All data flow is consistent with typical WebSocket operations, and the code avoids dangerous patterns. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code segments are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a well-structured, standard WebSocket implementation for Trio, with no malicious or sabotage behaviors. It handles connection lifecycle, message exchange, and error management securely and transparently. No signs of malware, data leakage, or supply chain attacks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}