{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Trio-based WebSocket client and server library, providing functions for establishing, managing, and handling WebSocket connections, including server serving capabilities with connection handling and protocol management.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include network streams (TCP, SSL), URL parsing (via urllib.parse), and WebSocket handshake requests and responses. These are used to establish connections and receive messages.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow into message sending functions (`send_message`, `pong`, `ping`), and handshake responses (`accept`, `reject`). Potential sinks include network send functions (`_send`) which transmit data back to peers.",
  "flows": "Input data from network streams flow into wsproto event processing, then to message channels, and outgoing messages are sent via `_send`. Handshake requests are processed from incoming streams and responses are sent through headers and frames.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are evident. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution present. The code performs standard WebSocket handling and connection management without suspicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured WebSocket implementation using trio for async I/O. It handles handshake requests, message framing, ping/pong keepalive, and clean connection termination. It uses proper exception handling, context management, and resource cleanup. No signs of data leakage, code injection, or malicious behavior are detected. The functions are mostly about connection setup, message passing, and cleanup, with no suspicious flows or hardcoded secrets. All network data is sent over the established streams, with no code indicating system data collection or external communication outside the WebSocket protocol.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate WebSocket implementation with no apparent malicious or sabotage behaviors. It performs expected functions for establishing, maintaining, and closing WebSocket connections securely, with proper error handling and resource management. No security risks such as hardcoded credentials or data exfiltration are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}