{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Trio-based WebSocket client and server framework, including connection management, handshake handling, message sending/receiving, and connection lifecycle control.",
  "sources": "Reads include network input via stream.receive_some, handshake request parsing, and URL parsing. Inputs from user-defined handler functions and external connection streams.",
  "sinks": "Sends data via stream.send_all, handshake responses, and control frames. Also manages internal channels for message passing.",
  "flows": "Network data is read from streams and processed into WebSocket events, which trigger handlers. User input (messages, handshake acceptance/rejection) flows into send channels and network transmit functions. URL inputs and configuration parameters influence connection setup.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs detected. Uses standard libraries and patterns. No obfuscated code present. Exception handling attempts to be transparent and cautious, avoiding exception group pitfalls. No evidence of malicious payloads, data exfiltration, or system disruption code. The code includes standard security checks such as message size limits and connection timeouts.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, well-structured implementation of WebSocket connection handling using Trio. It manages both client and server modes, handles handshake processes, message framing, and lifecycle events. Exception handling is robust, designed to prevent loss of information and manage concurrent exceptions safely. No suspicious or malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, unauthorized access, or sabotage mechanisms is present. The only potential concern would be if external handlers (user-supplied functions) are malicious, but this is typical for callback-based designs and not inherently malicious. The code employs standard security best practices, such as size limits, timeouts, and controlled resource management. Overall, the code appears secure and benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-implemented WebSocket library using Trio, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It manages network communications securely, and exception handling is carefully designed. No evidence suggests supply chain attacks or malicious payloads. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}