{
  "purpose": "This code provides a framework for defining and using factories to generate, build, or stub objects, mainly for testing and data generation purposes in Python.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration and declaration data from class attributes, method parameters, and module imports. It also inspects class inheritance hierarchies and internal attributes.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain explicit sinks such as network calls, file writes, or system modifications. It primarily constructs objects in memory, with some potential for data leakage through object attributes.",
  "flows": "Sources (class attributes, parameters) flow into declaration processing, model class determination, and object instantiation. Data flows into object creation via build/create methods, with no evident untrusted input handling or external data intake.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded secrets, credentials, or unusual dynamic code execution were detected. The code utilizes dynamic class creation and method overrides but in a typical factory pattern manner. No obfuscated code, suspicious string manipulations, or hidden backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive factory framework for object generation, with metaclass usage for class customization and flexible declaration handling. It employs standard Python patterns like class inheritance, method overriding, and dynamic attribute resolution. No external data sources, network operations, or file manipulations are present. The design appears intended for testing or mock object creation, with no behavior indicating malicious intent or sabotage. The only noteworthy aspect is the 'use_strategy' decorator that alters factory behavior at runtime, which is benign. Overall, the code is well-structured, with no signals of malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard factory pattern implementation aimed at flexible object generation for testing or data seeding. No malicious or maliciously intended behavior is detected. It does not contain any exploitable security risks, backdoors, or malicious data leaks based on the current analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}