{
  "purpose": "This code integrates OpenLineage tracking with Apache Airflow, handling task lifecycle events and DAG run states to emit lineage metadata.",
  "sources": "Data inputs originate from Airflow TaskInstance objects, DAGRun objects, and configuration/environment variables. Data is accessed via function calls, object attributes, and external modules.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows into external system interactions through the OpenLineageAdapter methods, which send lineage events over the network. Data processed includes task IDs, run IDs, timestamps, and metadata.",
  "flows": "Sources (TaskInstance, DAGRun, environment variables) flow through the code to sinks (adapter calls like start_task, complete_task, fail_task, dag_started, dag_success, dag_failed), often via execute() which runs callbacks asynchronously.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. Use of threading with fixed timeouts is typical for background tasks. No obfuscated code or malicious system commands detected. The code relies heavily on external modules for metadata extraction and network communication, but these are standard for such integrations.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up event handlers for Airflow task and DAG events to send lineage data. It manages a task holder for state, employs threading for asynchronous execution, and interfaces with external systems via an adapter. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or system damage are evident. The only notable behavior is network communication via adapter methods, but these are standard for lineage tracking. No hardcoded secrets, unsafe eval, or suspicious code execution found. The use of threading appears safe and controlled. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate integration module with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a legitimate Airflow-OpenLineage integration module designed for lineage tracking. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are detected. The code follows standard patterns for event handling, asynchronous execution, and external communication. It does not exhibit obfuscation or malware traits. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}