{
  "purpose": "Define Cloud Functions event handlers for Firestore document lifecycle events (create, update, delete), with support for auth context.",
  "sources": "Input data from CloudEvents, including event attributes, event data (JSON or protobuf), document paths, and authentication context.",
  "sinks": "No direct data sinks observed. Functions invoke user-provided callbacks with structured event data.",
  "flows": "CloudEvent attributes and data are parsed and transformed into internal Event or AuthEvent objects, then passed to user-defined callbacks. Event attributes like 'location', 'project', 'namespace', etc., are extracted; event data is parsed based on content type; DocumentSnapshots are constructed; and appropriate event type is passed to the callback.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code found. Usage of external libraries appears standard for event handling. No obfuscated code or unusual constructs detected. No network connections, file manipulations, or system commands are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several decorator functions to handle Firestore document lifecycle events (created, updated, deleted), optionally with auth context. It imports standard Google Cloud and Firebase libraries, performs typical data parsing and object construction, and invokes user callbacks with structured event data. All operations follow expected patterns for serverless event handling. No signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or sabotage. The functions are designed to be safe and follow common SDK practices. The code uses standard library functions, and no external or suspicious network activity or system modifications are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of Firestore Cloud Function triggers with support for auth context. No malicious or maliciously intended behavior detected. It appears secure and appropriate for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}