{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for converting sequential datasets into fixed-size windows, normalizing datasets, and evaluating window-based classification results. It is intended for preprocessing and evaluation in machine learning workflows involving sequential data.",
  "sources": "Reads input and target sequences from the dataset, loads normalization parameters from files, and reads sequence indices for windowing and evaluation.",
  "sinks": "Adds windowed samples to a new dataset, reads normalization parameters from files, and outputs evaluation metrics via print statements.",
  "flows": "Extracts sequences from the dataset, slices data into windows, applies normalization, and outputs evaluation results; normalization parameters are loaded from external files.",
  "anomalies": "Use of deprecated Python 2 syntax ('xrange', 'file()') indicates outdated code but not malicious intent. No suspicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard data preprocessing tasks such as sequence windowing, normalization, and evaluation. It reads data from datasets, processes it into fixed-size windows, normalizes features using external files, and evaluates classification accuracy per sequence. No network activity, malicious code, or obfuscation is present. The use of Python 2 syntax is outdated but not malicious. The normalization file loading is typical but could be exploited if files are maliciously crafted, which is a common risk in data workflows. The print statements are benign debugging or informational outputs. Overall, the code is straightforward, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for sequential data preprocessing and evaluation, with no evidence of malicious activity or supply chain compromise. The low malware score (0), minimal obfuscation (0.1 due to outdated syntax), and low risk score (0.2) are justified. No modifications are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}