{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be part of a Python package for a Terraform provider related to NewRelic, primarily handling module imports, versioning, and package metadata. It is meant for SDK/SDK-like functionality, such as building and managing infrastructure as code.",
  "sources": "The code reads its own module files, metadata, and package version information through import statements, particularly from 'importlib.metadata'. It also reads the package's module structure and the __path__ attribute for module resolution.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks where untrusted data flows into sensitive operations or outputs. No network, file, or environment variable writes are present that could leak data or perform malicious actions.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves importing modules and setting up package metadata, with no data flow from untrusted sources to sinks. It primarily manages package metadata and module registration.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code is standard for a Python package initialization, module registration, and metadata retrieval. It does not perform dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or malicious activities.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard import statements, dynamic extension of the module path via extend_path, and module registration for the jsii runtime. The check_type function manages type validation with version-aware logic, which is typical in SDKs or library code. The module list covers a comprehensive set of components related to the provider's functionality. There are no signs of obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious logic. The code strictly focuses on package setup and module loading.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical package initialization script for a Python SDK/library. It manages module imports, versioning, and registration with the jsii runtime. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or sabotage. It appears safe and standard for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}