{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and paginator class definition for the cloudfront-keyvaluestore service client, used for handling paginated API responses.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from sys.version_info and import statements for modules such as sys, typing, botocore.paginate, and local type definitions. It also potentially reads data through the paginate method via **kwargs.",
  "sinks": "The paginate method uses **kwargs of type Unpack[ListKeysRequestPaginateTypeDef], which could include untrusted input if provided externally. However, in this static code, no runtime data sinks are present. No direct data leaks or malicious actions are evident.",
  "flows": "The class ListKeysPaginator inherits from Paginator, and its paginate method passes unpacked arguments (**kwargs) to the parent class's method. This flow is standard for paginators, with no unusual data flows from sources to sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code is present. The code contains only type annotations, class inheritance, and straightforward method definitions. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or backdoors are observed. Conditional import based on Python version is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a paginator class with type annotations, inheriting from botocore's Paginator. It uses conditional imports for type hints to support multiple Python versions. The class method paginate simply forwards parameters to the parent class. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The code's purpose is purely to support type checking and paginator functionality, with no runtime code executing untrusted data or harmful actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured paginator class with type annotations for the cloudfront-keyvaluestore client. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious data flows, and no obfuscation. The code appears safe and intended solely for type safety and pagination support.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}