{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define two similar functional modules that compute a recursive sha256 hash chain based on input parameters.",
  "sources": "Input parameters N and X to the functions, possibly external input via module invocation.",
  "sinks": "The recursive function calls and sha256 hashing could be resource-intensive but do not directly lead to data leaks or malicious effects. No external network or file system access observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters N and X are used in recursive sha256 hashing functions, with no external sinks or data leakage paths identified.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains repetitive similar function definitions; inclusion of a standard library is evident but does not seem malicious. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code behaviors. The recursive hash function could be used for computationally intensive or obfuscation purposes, but nothing explicitly malicious is apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two modules that perform recursive sha256 hashing based on input parameters, possibly for key derivation or verification purposes. The inclusion of *standard-cl-23* indicates a reliance on a standard library, not malicious by itself. No network activity, file operations, or suspicious patterns are present. The code's structure is straightforward, with no evident backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads. The duplicated function and inclusion could be benign or part of a larger obfuscated scheme, but as-is, it appears primarily as a recursive hash function setup.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a recursive hashing function with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. It does not include network activity, data exfiltration, or suspicious logic. The inclusion of standard libraries and recursive hashing suggests normal cryptographic or computational intent. No signs of malware or malicious sabotage are observed.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}