{
  "purpose": "This code provides a collection of plotting utilities for visualizing data related to signal processing, communication systems, and machine learning models.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments, such as dataframes, numpy arrays, and dictionaries (e.g., 'history'). It also accesses the filesystem to save generated plots.",
  "sinks": "Saves plots to files if 'filename' parameter is provided. No untrusted data is written to external systems beyond file output. No network or system commands are executed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., dataframes, arrays) through plotting functions, which generate visualizations, then optionally save them to files. No external commands or network activity involved.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code primarily performs data visualization. No obfuscated language features or suspicious dynamic execution are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script is a set of plotting functions with clear and standard implementation. It imports well-known libraries (os, numpy, pandas, matplotlib) for visualization purposes. It conditionally creates directories, saves figures, and manages visualizations; all standard practices. No code appears to perform any data exfiltration, remote connections, or malicious system modifications. The only potential concern is the creation of directories or file overwrites, but these are benign and standard. The code does not contain any suspicious logic, secret keys, or network activity. Overall, the script appears to be a straightforward visualization utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate visualization utility with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It reads data, generates plots, and saves files locally without any malicious side effects. There is no evidence of malware, backdoors, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}