{
  "purpose": "Provides cryptographic utilities including HMAC, PBKDF2 key derivation, symmetric encryption/decryption (AES), and Fernet-based encryption, primarily for secure data handling and storage.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from parameters such as 'value', 'password', 'salt', 'data', 'token', and configuration settings from 'settings' object.",
  "sinks": "Uses cryptography primitives for secure processing; in particular, encrypts/decrypts data via AES, signs/verifies data with HMAC, and derives keys with PBKDF2. No direct insecure data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through cryptographic functions (e.g., hashing, key derivation, encryption/decryption) with sign/unsign steps in FernetBytes, indicating typical secure cryptographic processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; the code dynamically generates IVs and keys. The Fernet implementation expects 32-byte base64 key, with a split for signing and encryption. The usage of Django's 'crypto.get_random_string' could be a minor concern if misused elsewhere, but in this context it's used only for randomness in IV. No suspicious code constructs or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard cryptographic patterns: salted HMAC, PBKDF2 for key derivation, AES encryption with CBC mode and PKCS7 padding, and a modified Fernet scheme. The 'salted_hmac' function derives keys for message authentication, and the FernetBytes class manages encrypt/decrypt with signing. All cryptographic operations rely on established libraries and proper practices. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The code structure is clean and follows best practices for cryptography. No suspicious or malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-implemented cryptographic utility module. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks. The use of cryptographic primitives aligns with secure practices. Overall, the code is safe and designed for secure data handling.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}