{
  "purpose": "The code provides cryptographic functions for secure data handling, including hashing, encryption, and key derivation, mainly for secure storage or transmission within a Django application.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-provided values to functions like salted_hmac, pbkdf2, and Fernet encryption/decryption; environment variables like settings.SECRET_KEY and settings.CRYPTOGRAPHY_KEY.",
  "sinks": "Outputs are cryptographic hashes, encrypted data, or derived keys. No direct data leaks or network communication are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through cryptographic processing, such as hashing, key derivation, encryption, signing, and verification. The encryption/decryption processes involve IVs, padded plaintext, and signed ciphertext.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets or backdoors. Usage of cryptography is standard, but reliance on potentially static settings (like SECRET_KEY) could be risky if mismanaged. No obfuscated code, and no dynamic code execution present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard cryptographic procedures using the cryptography library, including HMAC, PBKDF2, and AES-CBC encryption with PKCS7 padding. It uses Django's cryptographic utilities and settings. The FernetBytes class offers modified Fernet encryption/decryption with some custom handling for key lengths. The code appears to follow best practices for cryptography and does not contain obvious malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The use of os.urandom for IV generation is appropriate, and the signing of encrypted data adds integrity verification. There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or malicious code injections.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of cryptographic functions for a Django application, with no evident malicious intent or malicious code. It leverages secure libraries and practices, with no suspicious or anomalous behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}