{
  "purpose": "The code provides cryptographic utilities including HMAC generation, PBKDF2 key derivation, and symmetric encryption/decryption using AES, primarily for secure data handling and token management within a Django application.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data from CryptographyConf, environment variables via django.utils.crypto, and input data for encryption, decryption, and HMAC operations.",
  "sinks": "Returns cryptographic hashes, encrypted/decrypted data, and tokens. Uses untrusted input for encryption and signing functions, which are typical but should be carefully validated in context.",
  "flows": "Input data (user input, secrets, or external data) flows into cryptographic functions (salted_hmac, pbkdf2, FernetBytes methods) where data is processed, encrypted, or signed. Encrypted data is signed and later verified for integrity during decryption.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets; code uses Django settings for secrets. No obfuscation or code that dynamically executes untrusted code. Usage of os.urandom for IVs is appropriate. The Fernet implementation modifies standard behavior but appears intentional and secure if used as documented.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard cryptographic practices using the cryptography library, with functions for HMAC, PBKDF2 key derivation, and symmetric AES encryption. The FernetBytes class offers AES-CBC encryption with PKCS7 padding, signing, and verification, compatible with Fernet tokens. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. Data flows from untrusted sources (inputs to cryptographic functions), but this is typical for security modules. No malicious or harmful behavior detected; the code relies on well-established cryptographic standards and Django's settings for secrets.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a secure implementation of cryptographic utilities with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It uses standard cryptography libraries appropriately, with proper handling of IVs and padding. There are no hidden backdoors or suspicious behaviors, and it is consistent with intended security functions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}