{
  "purpose": "The code defines an abstract factory metaclass 'AbstractFactory' for creating and managing factory classes that can instantiate objects dynamically based on registered class or function names. It provides registration, unregistration, resolution, and instantiation functionalities, with support for registering child classes and decorators.",
  "sources": "Input data includes class names, function names, and string identifiers used to resolve and instantiate objects; the code reads these inputs via parameters such as '_target_', 'name', and decorator arguments.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or effects could occur if untrusted input (like '_target_' or names passed to 'factory') is manipulated maliciously; the code calls 'instantiate_object' with resolved class/function objects, and 'import_object' for dynamic imports, which could be exploited if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Untrusted string inputs for object names are resolved through '_abstractfactory_resolve_name', potentially imported via 'import_object', then used to retrieve registered classes or functions, which are then instantiated or invoked, possibly leading to execution of malicious code if inputs are malicious and external modules are compromised.",
  "anomalies": "The code enforces that only classes or functions are registered, explicitly disallowing lambda functions, which suggests attention to avoiding anonymous or potentially malicious code. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious domain calls, or obfuscated code are present. Use of dynamic import and instantiation mechanisms are noted but are standard for plugin architectures.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard abstract factory pattern, enabling dynamic registration and creation of objects via name resolution and import mechanisms. The registration functions check for class or function types, avoiding lambdas. The 'factory' method calls 'instantiate_object' on resolved objects. The name resolution attempts to import modules dynamically if necessary. The unregistration and registration methods are straightforward. No malicious logic such as network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The functions and class appear well-structured and typical for extensible plugin systems, with safeguards to prevent registration of non-class/function objects.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a dynamic object factory pattern with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It employs typical registration and instantiation mechanisms and enforces type checks to prevent untrusted code registration. No suspicious or malicious behaviors are detected, and the code seems safe within its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}