{
  "purpose": "Implement a metaclass 'AbstractFactory' for creating and managing abstract factory classes that can register, instantiate, and manage subclasses and functions dynamically.",
  "sources": "Imports modules (inspect, logging, abc, typing, custom 'objectory' modules), class attributes, class methods, and functions that access or modify class dictionaries and registries.",
  "sinks": "Methods that instantiate objects ('factory', 'instantiate_object'), dynamic imports ('import_object'), and registration functions that modify class registries.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., class/function names) flow through name resolution, registration, and import mechanisms into class dictionaries. The 'factory' method resolves and imports classes/functions, then instantiates objects.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic imports ('import_object'), dynamic object creation ('instantiate_object'), runtime name resolution ('resolve_name'), no hardcoded credentials or obfuscated code, only standard dynamic behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a metaclass 'AbstractFactory' for creating factories that can register classes/functions, resolve names, and instantiate objects dynamically. The registration enforces class/function types and rejects lambdas. The factory method resolves names, possibly importing modules, then instantiates registered classes/functions. The registration functions include mechanisms to register child classes, and to check if a class implements the factory pattern. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden network activity are present. The dynamic import and instantiation are typical for plugin or factory systems, not inherently malicious. No suspicious code injection or system damage routines are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a standard dynamic factory pattern with registration and instantiation capabilities. It utilizes dynamic imports and name resolution, which are typical for plugin systems. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or unauthorized data access. The code appears legitimate and safe within its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}