{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Pulumi-based interface for constructing and retrieving AWS cross-account policies for use with Databricks, facilitating cloud infrastructure management and automation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as aws_account_id, aws_partition, pass_roles, policy_type, region, security_group_id, vpc_id from function arguments; it also retrieves data from Pulumi runtime.invoke and invoke_output functions.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs data via Pulumi's resource setting and property getters, but there are no direct sinks that handle untrusted data in a way that would lead to data leaks or harmful actions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into Pulumi invoke calls to fetch cloud resource data, and the returned data flows into result objects used in further infrastructure deployment. No untrusted user input is directly executed or processed in a way that affects system behavior.",
  "anomalies": "The code is generated by a Pulumi Terraform bridge tool, indicated by the warning comment. It uses standard Pulumi patterns for defining resource results and invoking cloud APIs. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or unusual code constructs are evident. The only noteworthy point is that the code is auto-generated, which is common in infrastructure as code scenarios.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data structures and functions for interacting with AWS and Databricks APIs through Pulumi. It performs input validation, data retrieval from cloud resources, and property accessors. There are no signs of malicious intent such as network communication to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or system modification. It strictly performs infrastructure management tasks. The warning comment suggests awareness of code generation but does not imply maliciousness. Overall, the code appears to be a standard auto-generated infrastructure-as-code module with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is an auto-generated Pulumi module for managing AWS cross-account policies with Databricks. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The structure and logic are consistent with standard infrastructure code, and there are no signs of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}