{
  "purpose": "Defines data structures and functions for retrieving AWS cross-account policies for Databricks, including data classes, retrieval functions, and output handling.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for functions (e.g., aws_account_id, aws_partition, pass_roles, etc.), external library calls (pulumi and pulumi.runtime), and internal utility functions.",
  "sinks": "Usage of pulumi.runtime.invoke and invoke_output functions for remote API calls that retrieve policy data.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> Function calls -> pulumi.runtime.invoke/invoke_output -> Data returned and processed into GetAwsCrossAccountPolicyResult objects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious data handling. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The code performs standard data validation and remote API calls. No code that writes to system files, network data exfiltration, or reverse shells. Comments suggest generated code, but do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Pulumi Python module defining data classes and functions to retrieve AWS IAM policies for Databricks integrations. It uses Pulumi SDK's invoke functions to fetch data from a remote provider, with input validation on parameters. No suspicious or malicious patterns such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. All external calls are standard Pulumi SDK usage for infrastructure as code. No obfuscation, no hardcoded secrets, and no anomalous code behaviors. The code appears to be legitimate and intended for infrastructure automation.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate Pulumi utility module for managing AWS cross-account policies in a Databricks context. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. It performs standard remote API data retrieval with proper input validation. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}