{
  "purpose": "This code defines data models for an Azure-based anomaly detection service, including models for input parameters, results, errors, and configurations. It is intended for serialization/deserialization of data exchanged with the service.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data and input parameters from class instantiations and JSON mappings via rest_field() attributes and constructor overloads. It does not process untrusted external inputs directly.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct data sinks such as network connections, file writes, or system command executions. It solely defines data models.",
  "flows": "There are no data flows involving untrusted sources to sinks. The data models are used as data containers for API communication, with no active data handling or processing.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code constructs or obfuscated patterns are present. The code uses standard class definitions, overloads, and straightforward data modeling. There are no hardcoded credentials or secrets.",
  "analysis": "The code consists entirely of class definitions inheriting from a base model, with attributes defined via rest_field() and constructor overloads for JSON initialization. No network operations, file I/O, or code execution mechanisms are present. The presence of licensing comments and standard type hints indicates typical SDK or API client code. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malicious code patterns. The code appears to be automatically generated or boilerplate data model definitions for API communication, with no evident security risks or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of data models for an Azure anomaly detection service, with no active logic, no external data handling beyond data modeling, and no malicious indicators. It appears to be safe and intended for client-side data serialization/deserialization.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}