{
  "purpose": "Implementation of geodesic calculations based on geographiclib algorithms, including solving direct and inverse geodesic problems, and creating geodesic lines and polygons.",
  "sources": "Importing math, sys, and functions from geographiclib.geomath, geographiclib.constants, and geographiclib.geodesiccapability modules. Construction of class attributes, constants, and methods performing calculations and data processing.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sinks that send data over networks, write files, or execute system commands. No apparent data leakage or malicious data handling is present.",
  "flows": "Input data such as latitudes, longitudes, azimuths, and distances are processed through mathematical functions and geometric computations. Calculations involve internal mathematical functions and data transformations, with no untrusted data flow to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code appears to be a faithful implementation of a well-documented mathematical algorithm. No obfuscated code or misleading variable usage identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of geodesic calculations based on established algorithms, with detailed mathematical series evaluations, root-solving, and coordinate transformations. It includes private static methods for series evaluation and solving algebraic equations, and public methods for geodesic computations. The structure is consistent with a standard mathematical library. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration. The code appears to be a trusted, academic, and utility-focused implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, mathematically rigorous implementation of geodesic calculations with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It does not contain malicious behaviors, backdoors, or suspicious external communications. It is a safe and well-structured library for geodesic computations.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}