{
  "purpose": "The code manages database authentication configurations, loading credentials from environment variables, YAML files, or provided lists, and constructs database URLs based on these credentials.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (e.g., LSST_DB_AUTH, LSST_DB_AUTH_CREDENTIALS), YAML configuration files, input parameters such as authList.",
  "sinks": "URL parsing and validation, raising exceptions on invalid configurations, constructing database connection URLs.",
  "flows": "Source data (env vars, files, input lists) -> validation and parsing -> URL construction and credential extraction.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated class and variable names, use of dynamic environment variables, some syntax errors (e.g., missing 'and' operators, use of undefined variables like 'secretPath'), inconsistent code formatting.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a configuration loader for database credentials, with URL parsing and validation logic. Obfuscated names suggest an attempt at concealment but do not indicate malicious intent. The code reads sensitive data from environment variables or files, performs validation, and constructs connection URLs. Syntax issues and inconsistent variable usage are present but appear to be coding flaws rather than malicious features. No network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The obfuscation level is high but superficial, likely for concealment or code minification. Overall, the code does not exhibit signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a legitimate configuration utility for database credentials, with superficial obfuscation and some coding flaws. There is no evidence of malicious activity, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage. The low malware score (0.1) and low security risk (0.2) are appropriate. Obfuscation is notable but not malicious. The main concern is code quality rather than security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}