{
  "purpose": "This module provides an object-oriented interface for microwave engineering calculations and data handling, importing various submodules and setting up plotting configurations.",
  "sources": "Imports from local submodules (.calibration, .circuit, .constants, etc.), environment variables (os.environ), and dynamic attribute access via __getattr__.",
  "sinks": "Potentially the environment variable 'SKRF_PLOT_ENV' used to configure plotting, but it is not used for malicious purposes. No other untrusted data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Environment variable 'SKRF_PLOT_ENV' influences plotting setup functions. No flow of untrusted data into sensitive system components or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic attribute access (__getattr__) for retrieving instances could be suspicious if misused, but in this context appears to be benign. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code detected. The try-except blocks for optional imports are normal but can be points of concern if they mask malicious imports—here, they appear legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly imports various submodules and sets up a plotting configuration based on environment variables. The imports are standard for a modular library. The environment variable check controls plotting styles and is not inherently malicious. The try-except blocks prevent errors if optional dependencies are missing. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, such as network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors, are present. The use of __getattr__ for dynamic attribute access is a known pattern and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard library setup script with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs module imports and configures plotting based on environment variables without any suspicious activity. Overall, it is safe and intended for normal operation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}