{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom Django template tags and nodes for handling translations, language settings, and localization features within Django templates.",
  "sources": "The code reads settings from django.conf (settings.LANGUAGES), retrieves current language info via translation module, and processes template tokens and variables via parser and context objects.",
  "sinks": "The code assigns values to context variables and processes template rendering output, but does not directly execute untrusted code or access external systems.",
  "flows": "Input data from template tags and variables (e.g., language codes, translation strings) flows through resolve and render methods, eventually assigning to context or producing output; no external data flows are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are evident. No unusual dynamic code execution, obfuscated patterns, or misleading variables are present. The code appears straightforward, performing standard translation and language handling functions.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles localization features using Django's translation framework, including fetching language info, current language, and performing translations within templates. It carefully resolves variables and token contents, updating context variables as intended. There are no signs of malicious data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious external communication. All operations are confined within Django's standard translation system. No use of eval, exec, or external network calls is present. The code does not handle sensitive credentials or perform insecure operations. The logic aligns with expected Django practices for localization.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of Django template tags for translation and language management. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It functions as expected within Django's translation framework. Overall, the code is safe from supply chain or malicious code injection perspectives.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}