{
  "purpose": "The code provides custom Django template tags and filters for translation, language management, and localization functionalities.",
  "sources": "Data is read from Django settings (settings.LANGUAGES), template tokens, and context variables. It also reads input strings and filter expressions within templates.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the rendering of translation strings and template variables, which could be exploited if untrusted input is used in translations or context variables. There are no direct network or file system operations, but the use of translation functions and string formatting could be misused.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data (e.g., user-provided template variables or filter outputs) flow from template inputs into translation functions and string formatting operations. Data from context or variables flows into translation functions and string interpolation, which could cause issues if not properly sanitized.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials. The code contains extensive use of string formatting and translation functions, but these are standard and not inherently malicious. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution observed. No backdoors, network connections, or malicious payloads are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple custom template tags for language and translation management, with clear and typical usage patterns. It uses standard Django API calls for translation and language handling. There is proper handling of template tokens, and no suspicious dynamic execution or external network calls are evident. The use of string formatting and rendering is straightforward. The code handles variables and context properly, with error handling for syntax errors and invalid inputs. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or hidden backdoors. Overall, the code appears to be standard translation-related extension code with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of custom Django translation template tags and filters. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It correctly uses Django APIs for language translation and context management. No security risks or malware indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}