{
  "purpose": "The code provides custom Django template tags and filters for internationalization and language management, enabling dynamic translation, language switching, and localization features within templates.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include template tag arguments, variable resolution in the template context, and language code inputs for translation functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of string formatting with user-controlled data, translation functions, and rendering of template variables which could be manipulated if untrusted data is injected into translation strings or variables.",
  "flows": "Input sources (template arguments, variables, language codes) flow into translation functions and string formatting operations. Data from context variables or user inputs can influence the output in translation or formatting operations, especially when used with dynamic or variable data in translation functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The translation functions perform standard operations, and there is no evidence of dynamic code execution, obfuscated logic, or malicious data exfiltration. Usage of 'mark_safe' is contextually safe here as it applies to translation output, not user input. No cryptic or misleading code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly defines Django template tags and filters for internationalization, involving translation and language management. It uses standard Django APIs such as 'translation.gettext', 'translation.ngettext', and context management. String replacements and formatting are used in translation functions, but these are typical and safe within the context of proper template usage. There are no signs of malicious intent, code injection, or data exfiltration. The data flow is contained within translation and rendering logic, with no external network or system modification code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of Django internationalization tags and filters with no signs of malicious behavior. It performs translation and language switching functionalities securely, assuming the environment and inputs are controlled. There are no indicators of malware or security risks beyond typical translation operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}