{
  "purpose": "Provide utilities for styled console output using rich formatting and manage consistent, styled message logging across an application.",
  "sources": "Imports modules (json, re, collections.abc, dataclasses, typing, rich.console, rich.table, rich.text), defines constants, and class methods that access console for output, styles, and configuration data.",
  "sinks": "console.print() calls within _print(), which output styled messages to the terminal. No other sinks are present.",
  "flows": "User calls methods like pp.info() or pp.warning(), which invoke _print() with specific styles, resulting in styled console output. The code processes input messages, possibly transforms dicts to JSON, and applies style formatting before printing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs detected. The code includes standard logging and styling functionality. The only dynamic operation involves regex substitution on messages, which appears safe. No obfuscated or suspicious code segments are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a singleton class for styled logging with methods for configuration, style merging, and output. It utilizes the 'rich' library to generate styled console output. The merge_print_styles function carefully overlays user styles on defaults, normalizing style names. The _print method conditionally outputs messages based on debug/trace flags and applies style formatting, including replacing inline code blocks with styled text. The dynamic __getattr__ creates style-specific logging methods. No external data is fetched or transmitted, and no code performs suspicious operations such as network communication, file manipulation, or system access beyond console output.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward styled logging utility without malicious intent. It does not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications. All operations are confined to styling and printing messages to the console, consistent with a benign logging tool.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}