{
  "purpose": "Provides utilities for styled console output and logging with rich formatting, including a singleton logger class for consistent message styling across an application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input via function arguments such as message content, style configurations, and attribute names. It also reads from the 'rich.console' and 'rich.table' modules for output functions.",
  "sinks": "The console.print() and console.rule() methods are sinks that output styled text; no untrusted data flow into external systems is observed. JSON serialization of dicts is only used for display purposes.",
  "flows": "Input from message, style, and attribute name flows into _print and __getattr__, which then pass styled output to console.print(). No external network, file, or system modification occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The code does not perform any network activity, system modification, or data exfiltration. The use of regex to replace backticks is benign formatting. No obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines style configurations and provides a singleton class for styled logging. The merging and retrieval of styles are straightforward, with no dynamic code execution or external system interaction. The only potential concern might be the regex substitution in messages, but it is solely for formatting. The attribute-based method generation is a standard pattern and does not introduce malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears to be purely for styled logging and output formatting without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a styled logging utility with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It effectively manages styled console output using the rich library without any malicious side effects or backdoors. No malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}