{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for styled console output using rich formatting, including a singleton logging class with configurable styles and message levels.",
  "sources": "Imports from 'rich.console', 'rich.table', 'rich.text', as well as internal method calls to 'console.print', 'console.rule', and json.dumps for message formatting.",
  "sinks": "console.print, console.rule, json.dumps (for dict serialization), regular expressions for message formatting.",
  "flows": "Message content is processed and formatted, then passed to console.print or console.rule for output. Style configurations are retrieved and applied dynamically, with message filtering based on debug/trace flags.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity present. Use of json.dumps and regex substitution for message formatting is benign. No obfuscated code or hidden logic. The get_style_by_name method's dynamic attribute creation is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a styled logging utility using 'rich', with singleton pattern ensuring a single global logger instance. It merges default styles with user-provided overrides, and dynamically creates logging methods for each style name. The message formatting includes replacing code snippets with styled text and serializing dictionaries. No external data is read beyond standard imports. No network calls, file operations, or environment variable usage are detected. The code focuses solely on console styling and output, with no signs of malicious payloads or covert data exfiltration. Overall, the code appears safe and intended solely for styled logging.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a styled logging utility using 'rich' with no malicious behavior detected. It functions as intended for formatting console output and dynamically generating logging methods. No security risks or malware indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}