{
  "purpose": "The script sets up and manages a scheduler to run ETL integration tasks, querying a database for configurations, scheduling jobs, and handling logs.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (OPENETL_HOME, LOG_TTL), database query results, cron expressions, and potentially external inputs via environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Database updates, task dispatch via Celery, file system operations (log cleanup), and scheduler job management.",
  "flows": "Configuration and environment variables -> Database queries -> Scheduling jobs -> Sending tasks to Celery -> Updating database status -> Log cleanup.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. Use of environment variables for paths and TTL is standard. No obfuscated code features or dynamic code execution detected. No suspicious network activity or file manipulation beyond log cleanup. Proper exception handling with retries is observed. No suspicious or malicious system calls or data exfiltration routines are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages scheduling of ETL tasks based on database configurations, using environment variables for paths and TTL settings. It interacts with a database to fetch integration configurations and schedules jobs via APScheduler, sending tasks to Celery. Log files are cleaned up based on age. The code appears well-structured and employs standard libraries and patterns. No signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized network activity are present. The usage of environment variables for paths and configurations is typical and does not introduce security risks. All external interactions seem legitimate within an ETL scheduling context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate scheduler for ETL tasks with no indications of malicious intent or malware. It securely manages job scheduling, task dispatching, and log cleanup without suspicious or malicious behavior. Overall, it appears to be a standard, well-structured scheduling script with no security risks or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}