{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to schedule and manage data integration tasks using APScheduler, with task execution via Celery, database management, and log cleanup.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (OPENETL_HOME, LOG_TTL), database queries (db.get_integrations_to_schedule(), db.get_created_connections()), cron expressions, and external libraries (os, sys, uuid, apscheduler, openetl_utils, environment variables).",
  "sinks": "Sending tasks to Celery via app.send_task, database updates (db.update_integration, db.create_integration_history), file operations for log cleanup, and process control for job management.",
  "flows": "Data is read from environment variables and database sources; then tasks are scheduled or revoked based on database state; task execution involves sending messages to Celery; log cleanup deletes old files based on timestamps.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets; environment variable usage is standard. No obfuscation or unusual code patterns observed. No hidden backdoors, network connections, or cryptomining activities. Use of dynamic scheduling is appropriate. The code handles sensitive operations securely with exception handling and logging.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes logging and a scheduler for task management, dynamically schedules jobs based on database entries, revokes outdated or disabled jobs, and cleans old logs periodically. It uses environment variables for configuration, interacts with a database for task info, and communicates with Celery for task execution. All operations are typical for a scheduling system and do not include malicious activities. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The logic appears well-structured, with appropriate error handling and logging. The environment variable usage is standard and safe, and there are no obfuscated code sections or suspicious external calls.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical, well-structured scheduler for data pipeline tasks that interacts with a database and Celery. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks. No malicious intent or sabotage evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}