{
  "purpose": "This script implements a CLI tool for managing authentication via Keycloak/OAuth2, displaying user info, tokens, and roles.",
  "sources": "Reads environment/configuration during load_config(), reads tokens from auth module, reads user input arguments, retrieves tokens and claims, decodes JWTs.",
  "sinks": "Outputs to console via rich and typer, decodes JWTs, possibly displaying token payloads, and performs token validation.",
  "flows": "Sources include token retrieval and user input; flows into decoding JWTs, displaying user info, roles, and token details; no evident data leaks or malicious redirects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code decodes and displays tokens, which could potentially leak token info if logs or console output are not secured, but this is typical for CLI tools. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. The code relies on auth module functions, which are external; their security cannot be assessed here but are assumed benign based on context.",
  "analysis": "The script mainly handles OAuth2 authentication flow, token validation, and info display, with standard practices like verifying tokens and decoding JWTs. There are no signs of malicious payloads, code injection, or backdoors. The token decoding and display functions are common for debugging or user info purposes. No suspicious network activity, system modifications, or credential theft code are present. The use of external auth module is standard, assuming it is secure. The code’s structure and functionality align with typical CLI auth management tools. Overall, no malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard CLI tool for authentication and user info display with no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. It reads and decodes tokens responsibly, with no suspicious code or data leaks evident. The primary risk relates to token exposure via console output, which is typical but should be secured in sensitive environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}