{
  "purpose": "Main CLI application for managing authentication and user info via Keycloak/OAuth2, providing commands for login, logout, token management, and user details.",
  "sources": "Configuration loading, authentication status checks, token retrieval and decoding, user input parameters for commands.",
  "sinks": "JWT token decoding and display, printing user info and roles, console output, token retrieval for API calls.",
  "flows": "User inputs trigger commands that verify authentication, retrieve tokens, decode tokens, and display data. Tokens are decoded using unverified claims, and some tokens are printed in raw form or syntax-highlighted.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; token decoding is done without verification (acceptable for display), but no dangerous code such as network connections, file modifications, or malicious backdoors is present. Logging and exception handling are standard. No obfuscated code or unusual language features identified.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard CLI operations for OAuth2 authentication management, including login, logout, token display, and user info display. It uses JWT decoding without verification for display purposes, which is common and not suspicious. No data leakage, code injection, or malicious behavior detected. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors. The use of token claims and rich console output is standard. The flow from input to token processing and display is straightforward and safe. Exception handling is used for errors but not in a suspicious manner. Overall, the code appears legitimate, with no signs of malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate CLI utility for managing OAuth2 tokens and user info. No malicious behavior or supply chain attacks are evident. It adheres to typical practices for token handling and user interaction. The overall security posture is sound with no detected risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}