{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to analyze and extract information about the current execution frame, and manages version information for a package.",
  "sources": "The code reads the __version__ variable from a version module, and imports several symbols from the 'executing' package. It also reads the __version__ string to parse version info.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any typical sink points for untrusted data, such as network, file, or system command execution.",
  "flows": "The flow involves importing version info, handling exceptions, and setting version variables based on parsed data. There are no data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code has a fallback for version info with a placeholder '???' and -1 values, which might be unusual but not malicious. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code is present. The raising of an exception for 'dev' in version does not seem malicious but could be a point of concern if manipulated.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by importing collections and defining a named tuple for version info. It then imports modules from a local package '.executing'. It attempts to import a version string from '.version' and raises an exception if the version indicates a development state ('dev'), defaulting to placeholder version info. The logic appears standard for managing package versioning. No suspicious or malicious code behaviors are evident. There are no sources of untrusted data, no data flows leading to sinks, and no anomalous code patterns. The version parsing and exception handling are typical for package setup scripts.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears benign, focused on version management and exposing a 'Source' component from an 'executing' package. No malicious or suspicious activity is detected. The version handling logic is typical for Python packages. Overall, the code is safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}