{
  "purpose": "Define a data model for group management, including members, roles, and subgroups, with methods for lookup and retrieval.",
  "sources": "Reading class attributes, list iteration, and input parameters in methods.",
  "sinks": "None identified where untrusted data is directly processed or stored, no data leaks or harmful effects are apparent.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through object instantiation and method calls, with lookups and filtering performed on internal data structures.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses highly obfuscated variable and method names, which could hide malicious intent, but no malicious actions are explicitly coded. The code relies on class attributes and methods for data retrieval. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious input handling is observed. The import of `Self` conditionally from `typing_extensions` or `typing` is standard, not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a data model with Pydantic, involving nested objects representing members, roles, and subgroups. It provides methods for retrieving members, roles, and subgroups by ID, with standard exception handling. No external data is read or written beyond the provided data structures. The obfuscation appears to be superficial, likely intended to conceal the straightforward logic, not malicious behavior. The import structure is normal, with no indication of hidden or malicious code. No network activity, system commands, or sensitive data handling are present. The overall structure appears to be a typical model class with lookup functionalities, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward data model for group management with obfuscated naming. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected. It performs standard lookup and filtering operations without side effects or external communication. The obfuscation seems superficial and intended to hinder readability, but the logic remains benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}