{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Python client for interacting with a Proxmox API, including authentication, request handling, and file upload functionalities.",
  "sources": "User inputs such as credentials (username, password, OTP, token credentials), environment variables, and external API responses.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request payloads, headers (for auth tokens and CSRF tokens), and file uploads which could leak sensitive data if misused.",
  "flows": "User credentials or tokens (sources) are used to authenticate and generate session tokens or headers (sinks). These tokens are included in HTTP requests, which are sent to the API endpoints, potentially carrying sensitive info.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. The code properly handles authentication and request flows. No suspicious obfuscation or hidden behaviors. Uses standard libraries and practices for API communication.",
  "analysis": "The code provides mechanisms for API authentication via tokens or user/password, manages session cookies, and handles file uploads with care for large files using requests_toolbelt. It verifies SSL based on parameters, which can be insecure if configured improperly, but this is a common feature. No malicious code, such as hidden data exfiltration, system manipulation, or backdoors, is present. The code correctly manages credentials and tokens, and securely resets session tokens based on time. No anomalies or suspicious behaviors detected. Overall, the code appears to be a well-structured, legitimate client library for Proxmox API interaction.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, legitimate API client implementation for Proxmox, with appropriate handling of authentication, session management, and file uploads. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. It adheres to common patterns for such clients.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}