{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom session class for interacting with TheHive API, including request handling, retries, and response processing.",
  "sources": "User input parameters such as URL, API key, username/password, and request data/parameters. Data is also read from HTTP responses.",
  "sinks": "Request headers, request body, and response content are potential sinks where untrusted data could lead to vulnerabilities if misused. The response stream can write to files specified by the user.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to build requests; data and headers are constructed and sent via the request method; responses are processed and potentially saved to files or parsed as JSON or text.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets; URL sanitization appears standard; no obfuscated code or unusual language features; standard libraries are used appropriately. Exception handling for JSON decode errors is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a session class for making HTTP requests with retries and custom JSON encoding. It handles authentication via API key or username/password, with appropriate authorization headers. URL sanitization removes trailing slashes. The make_request method constructs requests with JSON serialization and custom headers. Response processing includes decoding JSON, saving streams to files, and raising exceptions with detailed messages. No evident malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious privacy violations are observed. The code relies on standard libraries and well-understood patterns for HTTP requests.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured client for TheHive API. It does not contain malicious behavior or suspicious anomalies. The security risk is minimal, with standard practices for request handling and error management. No malware indications or malicious intent are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}