{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom session handler for interacting with the TheHive API, including request handling, retries, and response processing.",
  "sources": "User input via request parameters, URL, JSON data, files, and download paths. Data may originate from external sources passed to make_request.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to external servers, file writing for download_path, raising exceptions. Potential data exfiltration if URL or data are untrusted.",
  "flows": "Input data (URL, JSON, files) flows into make_request, which constructs and sends HTTP requests. Responses are processed for JSON or stream saving. Errors are raised if response is not successful.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code properly handles authorization via API key or username/password. Usage of _basic_auth_str is standard. No obfuscation or unusual code structures detected. The request retry configuration is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom JSON encoder and a session class extending requests.Session for interacting with the Hive API. It handles authorization, URL sanitization, retries, and response processing securely. The authorization headers are set based on provided credentials or API key, with no hardcoded secrets. The request and response handling include proper error checks and JSON parsing. File download functionality is standard, writing chunks to a file. No suspicious network connections or data leaks are evident. No malicious code, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. The code appears to be a legitimate API client implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured API client implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles credentials securely, manages retries, and processes responses safely. There are no indications of malware, backdoors, or malicious data leaks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}