{
  "purpose": "Support support inquiries by loading knowledge base documents, processing user questions, maintaining conversation history, and managing multiple tenants.",
  "sources": "Reading document files from a directory; reading file paths; accepting user questions and session IDs; reading event data in callback functions.",
  "sinks": "Emitting events with document upload and question data; logging outputs; accessing and storing conversation history.",
  "flows": "File and user input data are processed and then emitted via event bus; event callbacks handle storing state and logging; conversation history is maintained within the object.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. The code processes files and user questions normally. Event handling and logging are standard. No malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection detected. The event bus and core orchestrator are imported modules but their internal behavior cannot be assessed from this code alone.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a support assistant with clear functions for loading documents, handling questions, and managing conversation states. It uses event-driven architecture, subscribing to specific events, and maintaining session-based conversation history. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The code relies on external modules whose behavior is unknown, but their usage appears legitimate. No suspicious or obfuscated code is present. The code appears to be a typical support chatbot framework with standard practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard support assistant implementation without malicious intent. It does not contain malware, suspicious behavior, or security risks based on the available code. It functions as an event-driven support tool, maintaining conversation and document management securely.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}