{
  "purpose": "A Python class that manages user authentication, session, and user info retrieval through HTTP requests to an external API.",
  "sources": "Input data from method parameters such as email, password, authorization token, and user_id; also external configuration via imported modules.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request methods (requests.post, requests.get) that send or receive data, potentially untrusted, to/from external servers.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into request payloads and headers; responses are checked for status codes, and response data is returned or exceptions raised based on response codes.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses obfuscated class and variable names, which may be an attempt to conceal intent. The import of custom exception classes with obfuscated names and the use of dynamic URL joining are suspicious, but standard for API interaction.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical API interaction for user login, session validation, and logout procedures, using POST and GET requests. The request payloads and headers contain user credentials and tokens, which are standard in such implementations. No hardcoded secrets are visible; the code dynamically constructs URLs. The use of obfuscated names might be suspicious but could also be a coding style. No malicious activity such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity is apparent from the code. No suspicious or malicious logic, such as executing system commands, writing files, or leaking data, is detected. Overall, the code appears to implement standard authentication flows.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client wrapper for user authentication and session management with obfuscated identifiers. No malicious intent or malware is evident. The use of obfuscation is a minor concern but does not necessarily indicate malicious behavior. It warrants a review for intent, but technical analysis suggests no immediate threat.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}