{
  "purpose": "The code provides normalization functions for various Indic scripts, including character replacements, decompositions, and script-specific adjustments to prepare text for processing or analysis.",
  "sources": "Input text received through normalization method calls, which are then processed within class methods and replaced or reformatted.",
  "sinks": "Replacements and regex substitutions within the normalization functions; no external network calls, file writes, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "flows": "Input text -> common normalization steps (character removals/replacements) -> script-specific modifications (character decompositions, digit conversions, etc.) -> output normalized text.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors detected. The code contains straightforward character normalization and replacement logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. Use of regex is limited to predictable pattern matching, mainly for script-specific corrections.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs text normalization tailored for Indic scripts, including character replacements, decompositions, and script-specific corrections. It includes utility methods for handling Unicode characters, replacing composite characters, and converting digits to words via external 'num_to_word' module. There are no external data transmissions, file manipulations, or suspicious logic. All operations are local and focused on text processing. The presence of external modules such as 'num_to_word' does not inherently imply malicious intent; it appears to be a standard utility. The code is well-structured with clear, predictable behavior. No signs of obfuscation or malicious activity are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of Unicode normalization for Indic scripts, focusing on character substitutions, decompositions, and script-specific corrections. There are no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. The code appears safe and intended for text preprocessing purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}