{
  "purpose": "The code provides normalization functions for various Indic scripts, standardizing Unicode representations, handling script-specific characters, and converting digits to words. It supports text preprocessing for Indic languages.",
  "sources": "The code reads input text via the __call__ methods of each normalizer class. It also reads digit sequences within the text during normalization for digit-to-word conversion.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs normalized text, with potential modifications such as replacing characters, removing nukta, and converting digits. No data leaks or untrusted data effects are evident. No network or external system access is present.",
  "flows": "Input text flows through normalization functions; specific source-to-sink paths include digit extraction and replacement, character normalization, and script-specific substitutions. No external data or untrusted input influencing external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs Unicode character replacements and normalization, which is standard. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code blocks. Usage of 'num_to_word' is benign. No obfuscated code, no unusual dynamic execution, or misleading variables are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of text normalizers for Indic scripts. It performs standard Unicode normalization, script-specific character replacements, and digit-to-word conversions. No network operations, file I/O, or system modifications are present. The normalization logic is consistent, and there are no signs of malicious payloads or covert behaviors. All functions are focused on text processing, with no external or hidden actions.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, benign text normalization suite for Indic scripts with no malicious intent. It performs script-specific Unicode normalization and character handling without any suspicious or harmful behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}