{
  "purpose": "The code provides text normalization functions for various Indic scripts, including handling of Unicode characters, canonicalization, and script-specific replacements to standardize text inputs.",
  "sources": "Input text passed to various normalizer class instances and their __call__ methods, especially from external sources or user input. Usage of re.findall, re.sub, and string replacements indicate data sources are untrusted input strings.",
  "sinks": "Modifications performed directly on the input text such as replacing characters, removing nukta, replacing symbols, and inserting words via num_to_word. No evidence of network communication, file access, or system command execution.",
  "flows": "Input text → normalization functions (character replacements, regex substitutions, script-specific transformations) → output normalized text.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes multiple character replacements and normalization rules; no suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Usage of the external function num_to_word may process numeric input, but its implementation is not shown, which could be a potential concern if malicious. The code does not perform any network operations, command executions, or data exfiltration. The overall structure appears typical for text normalization.",
  "analysis": "The script is a collection of normalizer classes designed for Indic scripts, performing character replacements, decompositions, and script-specific adjustments. All operations are confined to string manipulations, primarily replacing Unicode characters, regex substitutions, and text formatting. No signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, system access, or data theft. The functions utilize regular expressions and string replacements to normalize input text, with additional handling for script-specific features like nukta, visarga, and dependent vowels. The external dependency 'num_to_word' is called for digit-to-word conversion; its implementation is not included, but this alone is not suspicious. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or hidden logic detected. Overall, the code’s purpose aligns with normalizing and standardizing Indic script text input, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of normalizers for Indic scripts intended to standardize Unicode representations and script-specific features. It only performs string manipulations and regex-based substitutions, with no network or system commands. There are no suspicious patterns, backdoors, or malware signatures present. The code appears safe and focused solely on text normalization tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}