{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of Unicode normalization classes and functions for various Indic scripts, primarily intended for text preprocessing, normalization, and script-specific character transformations.",
  "sources": "The code reads string inputs passed to the normalize() methods and __call__ methods of each normalizer class. It also reads data from the num_to_word module and the langinfo module for script-specific info.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any explicit data sinks that send untrusted data externally, nor does it perform network operations, file writes, or system calls. It manipulates strings locally without external effects.",
  "flows": "Input text is processed through normalization functions, which replace or remove specific Unicode characters, handle script-specific transformations, and convert digits to words using num_to_word. Data flow is confined within string manipulations.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or external data leaks. The code does include print statements in get_char_stats methods, which could potentially expose internal character counts if called with sensitive data, but this is benign and intended for debugging. The usage of regex for visarga correction and digit conversion appears routine. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured as a set of normalization classes for Indic scripts, performing character replacements, decompositions, and script-specific transformations. The normalization methods replace Unicode characters, handle Nukta decompositions, virama replacements, and digit-to-word conversions via num_to_word. No external network or file access occurs. The presence of print statements is benign for debugging but could expose internal state if misused. There are no signs of data exfiltration, malicious payloads, or backdoors. The code appears to be a legitimate normalization utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive set of script-specific Unicode normalizers intended for text preprocessing. No malicious behavior or sabotage is evident. It functions solely to transform and normalize Unicode text for Indic scripts, with no external or covert actions detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}