{
  "purpose": "This code defines an API client class for interacting with LaunchDarkly's Workflow Templates API, enabling creation, deletion, and retrieval of workflow templates.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from method arguments such as 'create_workflow_template_input', 'template_key', 'search', and optional keyword arguments for request configuration.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs API requests that send data via HTTP POST, DELETE, and GET methods. It does not process or evaluate untrusted data beyond forming requests.",
  "flows": "Input data is taken from method parameters and used to construct HTTP request payloads and URL paths; requests are sent to specific API endpoints without executing or evaluating the data beyond type validation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. The code appears to be a standard autogenerated API client with no obfuscated or malicious patterns. No external or secret data is stored or leaked.",
  "analysis": "The code is a generated API client class that wraps API endpoints related to workflow templates in LaunchDarkly. It uses standard practices for API interaction, such as parameter validation, request configuration, and response handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as network communication to suspicious domains, code injection, or data exfiltration. The use of external modules and class methods is typical for API SDKs, and all inputs are either method parameters or local variables, with no hardcoded secrets or credentials. The code’s structure, including method definitions and request handling, aligns with normal SDK patterns. Overall, the code’s purpose is to facilitate API calls securely, with no indicators of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, autogenerated API client wrapper for LaunchDarkly's workflow template management endpoints. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The structure and logic are consistent with legitimate API SDKs, with no suspicious patterns or anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}