{
  "purpose": "This code provides methods for managing and interacting with resources via API requests, including search, download, export, import, upload, create, validate, retrieve, and update operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function arguments such as 'id', 'resources_ids', 'tenant_id', 'password', 'file_id', 'data', and 'resource' dictionaries.",
  "sinks": "API request methods (_make_request), especially where untrusted data (like 'id', 'file_id', 'password', 'data', 'resource') is used as part of URL paths or request payloads.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function inputs (possibly untrusted) into API request parameters, JSON payloads, or URL paths, which are then sent over the network via _make_request.",
  "anomalies": "Use of hardcoded default passwords ('Kuma_secret_p@$$w0rd') in multiple methods. The 'upload' method reads files with 'uncode' instead of 'encoding', which is a typo or error. The code relies on external _base._make_request, which could be risky if not properly validated.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily wraps API calls for resource management. The hardcoded password is a potential security concern, as it could be exploited if exposed. The file upload method contains a typo ('uncode' instead of 'encoding'), which could cause runtime errors but not malicious behavior. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or backdoors are evident. The data flow is straightforward, with no evident injection points or suspicious data handling. Usage of user-controlled parameters in URL paths and JSON payloads is standard for API wrappers, assuming _make_request properly sanitizes inputs.",
  "conclusion": "No malicious behavior such as backdoors, data exfiltration, or code injection is apparent. The main security concern is the hardcoded password, which could be exploited if the code or credentials are exposed. The overall risk is low, but the hardcoded secrets should be removed or secured. The code appears to serve legitimate API interaction purposes without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}