{
  "purpose": "API wrapper class for managing resources via REST API calls, including search, download, export, import, upload, create, validate, get, and update operations.",
  "sources": "User-supplied parameters such as 'id', 'resources_ids', 'file_id', 'password', 'kind', 'resource', and file data in 'upload'.",
  "sinks": "Network requests made via '_make_request' with constructed URLs and JSON payloads; potential injection points if inputs are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Inputs (IDs, passwords, data) flow into request parameters and JSON bodies, which are sent over the network via '_make_request'.",
  "anomalies": "Use of hardcoded default passwords ('Kuma_secret_p@$$w0rd') in multiple methods; typo 'uncode' instead of 'encoding' in 'upload' method.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward API client with no obfuscated or malicious code. The primary security concern is the use of static default passwords, which could be exploited if exposed. The typo in 'upload' is a bug that may cause runtime errors but does not introduce malicious behavior. No evidence of backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads is present. The request construction and data flow are typical for such wrappers, with potential injection if inputs are malicious but no active malicious activity is evident. The malware score is 0, consistent with the absence of malicious code. The obfuscation score is 0, as the code is clear and readable. The security risk score is moderate (~0.4), mainly due to insecure defaults and minor bugs, but no active threats or sabotage are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API wrapper with security concerns centered around hardcoded passwords and a bug in file handling. There is no malicious behavior or obfuscation. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate and consistent with the analysis. Addressing the insecure defaults and fixing the bug would improve security posture.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}