{
  "purpose": "Provides methods for managing resources, including searching, downloading, exporting, importing, uploading, creating, validating, retrieving, and updating resource data via API requests.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data (base URL), input parameters for methods (resource IDs, passwords, JSON data, file paths). Reads file data from filesystem during upload if a string path is provided.",
  "sinks": "Makes API requests through self._base._make_request, which may send data over the network. Reads files from disk during upload. No explicit sinks like system commands or eval present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters such as resource IDs, passwords, JSON data, and file data flow into API request methods. File data read from disk flows into the upload request. API requests are sent to specific endpoints with provided data.",
  "anomalies": "Hardcoded default passwords ('Kuma_secret_p@$$w0rd') in multiple methods; no dynamic password handling. File upload method attempts to open a file with an invalid parameter 'uncode' instead of 'encoding'. No evident encryption or obfuscation, but use of static passwords is risky. No user input validation or sanitization evident for parameters like 'id' or 'password'.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs API request parameters and invokes a request method, with some handling of file reading. The static default password is a security concern, though not malicious by itself. The file upload method contains a bug: it attempts to open a file with an invalid 'uncode' parameter, which could cause runtime errors but is not malicious. No evidence of code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. No obfuscated code or suspicious behavior observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a resource management API wrapper with some insecure defaults and a bug in file reading. There is no malicious intent or behavior; the static passwords are a security concern, but do not indicate sabotage. Overall, the code appears benign but could benefit from security improvements.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}