{
  "purpose": "The code implements an abstract base class for hyperparameter search using Ray Tune as a backend, with support for early stopping, multi-metric evaluation, and integration with scikit-learn estimators.",
  "sources": "Imports from various libraries including sklearn, numpy, pandas, ray, and tune_sklearn; reading environment variables; logging; and class properties.",
  "sinks": "Access to environment variables, use of Ray cluster resources, potential data leakage via property accessors, and logging warnings.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and imported modules provide input data; class methods access model attributes and configurations; internal methods process and format results; resources are allocated for training trials; fit and score methods operate on input data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures observed. The code uses standard library functions and well-known APIs. Warnings and assertions are used appropriately.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of a cross-validation search class leveraging Ray Tune for distributed hyperparameter tuning. It includes methods for handling early stopping, multi-metric scoring, and result formatting. It utilizes environment variables for resource configuration and maintains clear separation of concerns. No obfuscated code, hidden network activity, or malicious data handling is evident. No suspicious file or network operations are performed. Usage of logging and warnings is standard. Overall, the code aligns with typical design patterns for such frameworks and shows no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate, standard implementation of a scikit-learn compatible hyperparameter search class with Ray Tune integration. It contains no indicators of malware or malicious activity. The structure and behavior are consistent with secure, open-source machine learning tooling.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}