{
  "purpose": "This code provides a logging utility class for managing different levels of logs, including configuration, formatter setup, and logger initialization for the PyFunceble project.",
  "sources": "Environment variables such as PYFUNCEBLE_DEBUG_ON_SCREEN, DEBUG_PYFUNCEBLE_ON_SCREEN, PYFUNCEBLE_DEBUG, DEBUG_PYFUNCEBLE; Configuration attributes in PyFunceble.storage; External modules and helper classes; Logging level and output directory settings.",
  "sinks": "Log handlers (console or file) where log messages are emitted; Potentially, environment variables or configuration could influence logging behavior, but no untrusted data is directly used in critical security-sensitive sinks.",
  "flows": "Environment variable checks influence logging activation; Setting minimum log level affects which messages are logged; Log messages generated via methods like info, debug, warning, error, etc., flow through handlers to console or files.",
  "anomalies": "The code reads multiple environment variables for logging configuration but does not perform any suspicious or malicious actions such as network communication, data exfiltration, or code execution based on untrusted inputs. No hard-coded credentials or backdoors are present. The code is mainly standard logging setup and management.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive logging utility designed for the PyFunceble project. It reads environment variables to determine logging behavior and sets up loggers and handlers accordingly. The use of environment variables and internal configuration is standard practice. There are no signs of malicious code, such as network activities, data leaks, or backdoors. The logic for handling loggers and log files is standard. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution is evident. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured logging system without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard logging management class for PyFunceble with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It correctly manages logging levels, handlers, and environment-based activation, and does not contain any suspicious or malicious code. The malware score is low, and the security risk score is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}