{
  "purpose": "The code provides a logging framework for the PyFunceble project, enabling configurable logging to console and file with different severity levels.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include environment variables (PYFUNCEBLE_DEBUG_ON_SCREEN, DEBUG_PYFUNCEBLE_ON_SCREEN, PYFUNCEBLE_DEBUG, DEBUG_PYFUNCEBLE), class attributes, and external configuration objects such as PyFunceble.storage.CONFIGURATION.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are log handlers that write to files or console. The log data can include environment variables, internal state, or exception tracebacks. No direct untrusted data sinks like network transmission are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment variables or internal configuration to setting logging levels and handlers. The logger methods (info, debug, warning, etc.) output log messages based on these configurations. No external or untrusted data flows directly into malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code uses standard Python logging and environment variable checks. Traceback usage for origin info is conventional. No obfuscated code or misleading constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a comprehensive logging class with methods for configuration, level setting, handler creation, and logging. It relies on environment variables for toggling logging behavior, which is standard. The class manages loggers and handlers responsibly, with no evidence of malicious or suspicious behavior. No external network or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code is well-structured and appears to be a legitimate component for managing logs within a larger project. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious external calls are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard logging utility designed for project diagnostics and debugging. It does not exhibit any malicious intent, backdoors, or malware behaviors. Its operations are limited to internal logging management with no evidence of security risks or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}