{
  "purpose": "The code implements a terminal-based menu system with navigation and selection features, primarily for user interaction within a command-line interface.",
  "sources": "User inputs from sys.stdin via _getch(), menu structure from parameters, and potential function calls within menu items.",
  "sinks": "Display output via print statements, function calls within menu items, and potential navigation modifications based on input.",
  "flows": "User input (source) is processed to modify current menu state or execute functions (sink), with flow depending on key presses like arrow keys, quick jumps, or selections.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No use of dynamic code execution, eval, or insecure operations. The menu processing relies on regex matching for quick navigation labels, but no obfuscation or suspicious patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a menu system using a structured approach, processing menu items with optional quick navigation labels, and allowing navigation via arrow keys, quick letters, or Alt-modified keys. Input handling captures special keys and normal characters, and invokes associated actions or navigates through nested menus. The menu items can execute functions or traverse submenus. The code adheres to standard patterns for terminal interfaces, with no signs of malicious payloads, data leaks, or unauthorized system access. All input and output handling appear safe within the scope of the implementation. The regex for quick navigation labels is straightforward, and the menu processing is standard. There is no evidence of code injection, malicious data leakage, or hidden backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a benign terminal menu system with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It processes user inputs securely within its intended scope and does not contain obfuscated or malicious code segments. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}