{
  "purpose": "Implement a terminal-based interactive menu system with navigation and selection features.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user keystrokes captured via sys.stdin (e.g., arrow keys, alphanumeric keys, escape sequences). The menu structure is provided via the 'menu_structure' argument to initialize the class, which is processed internally.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the execution of callables stored as menu item values, and the printing of selected menu items. The code can also clear and manipulate the terminal screen. No external network or system modification operations are directly present.",
  "flows": "User keystrokes (source) trigger navigation and activation logic, which may invoke callable menu items or change the displayed menu (sink). The navigation logic routes input to specific menu items and controls menu state changes. Callables can be executed as a result of activation, and outputs are displayed via print statements.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are evident. The code uses regex for parsing menu keys, which is standard; no obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or suspicious string handling detected. No data leakage or external network connections are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a terminal menu system with navigation controls, menu structure processing, and display functions. It captures keystrokes, manages menu state, and invokes menu item functions when activated. The menu processing involves regex matching for quick navigation keys and supports nested submenus. No external or hidden code execution, data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors are identified. The use of 'callable' items as menu actions is typical and depends on external functions provided by the user, not inherently malicious. The terminal manipulation via print and termios is standard for terminal interfaces. Overall, the code appears to be a straightforward menu implementation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard terminal menu system with navigation features. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, malicious code, or suspicious activity. It relies on user-provided functions for menu actions, which is typical and not suspicious. The code maintains good structure and does not contain hidden or obfuscated components. Therefore, it can be considered safe from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}