{
  "purpose": "The code implements a terminal-based menu system with navigation features, allowing users to select options, navigate through nested menus, and execute callback functions.",
  "sources": "Reads input from stdin via sys.stdin.read(), reads menu structure data provided at initialization, and uses regex to process menu item keys.",
  "sinks": "Executes callback functions associated with menu items, outputs to stdout via print(), and reads raw terminal input for navigation.",
  "flows": "User input captured via _getch() is used to navigate menu options and trigger actions; menu structure is processed and displayed; selecting an item executes a function or navigates deeper into nested menus.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code detected. No dynamic code execution such as eval() or exec() is present. Menu processing uses regex, but only for structured parsing of menu keys; no evident obfuscation or malicious string handling. No network or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a terminal menu interface with standard input handling, menu rendering, and navigation features. It processes menu data to support quick navigation and nested menus. The input capture handles arrow keys, alt keys, and regular characters for navigation and selection. Callback functions are executed upon selection, which could pose a risk if malicious functions are provided externally, but this is user-defined behavior and not inherently malicious. No network operations, file modifications, or system alterations are found. The code does not contain obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. It appears to be a straightforward implementation of a menu system with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard terminal menu system with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It processes menu data, captures user input, and executes user-provided callbacks in a controlled manner. No security risks or malware indicators are present based on this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}