{
  "purpose": "The code implements HTTP message signing and verification using digital signatures, primarily for ensuring message integrity and authenticity in HTTP communications.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include message headers (e.g., 'Signature-Input', 'Signature') and message components resolved via component resolvers. Data is read from message headers and resolved components.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include signing operations (sign method) that generate cryptographic signatures, and header updates (setting 'Signature-Input' and 'Signature') in the message. Also, parsing functions process header data that could be manipulated.",
  "flows": "Input headers are parsed and validated, then used to construct signature bases. The private key is resolved and used for signing. During verification, signatures and headers are parsed, validated, and cryptographic verification is performed.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears standard for an HTTP signature framework; no hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns. Uses standard libraries and explicit class design. No obfuscated code features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for signing and verifying HTTP messages with cryptographic signatures, using a modular architecture. It reads headers and message components, constructs signature bases, and performs cryptographic signing and verification using provided algorithms and key resolvers. The code performs input validation (e.g., no newlines in components, lowercase IDs), manages timestamps and expiry parameters, and supports multiple signature labels. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious behaviors are evident. All cryptographic operations depend on externally supplied keys and algorithms, with no evident data exfiltration or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of HTTP message signing and verification following common security practices. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data handling. It relies on external key resolvers and algorithms, with appropriate validation and error handling. Overall, it seems legitimate and secure in intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}