{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Flake8 plugin to enforce import statement standards and ban certain modules or patterns, primarily for code quality and consistency purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data includes the AST nodes of Python source code during static analysis, and configuration options such as banned modules and relative import restrictions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include modification or interception of the 'banned_modules' and pattern lists, but these are static configurations, not untrusted runtime inputs. No direct data leakage or external data transmission occurs.",
  "flows": "Configuration options are parsed and stored in class variables. AST nodes are traversed during the run method, with rules applied to identify unnecessary or banned imports and relative import violations based on stored patterns.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive static data for legacy Python 2 modules and their replacements, which could be misused if misconfigured. However, no obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious logic is present. The patterns and rules are straightforward and intended for static code quality checks.",
  "analysis": "The script is a static analysis plugin designed for code quality enforcement regarding imports. It defines patterns for banned modules and checks import statements against these patterns. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or sensitive data handling is present. The extensive static data relates to legacy Python modules and their modern replacements, which is typical for compatibility tools. No signs of malware or malicious behavior are detected. The logic is transparent, rule-based, and configuration-driven.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign static analysis plugin aimed at enforcing import rules and detecting banned modules. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. Its purpose is to improve code quality and consistency. No security threats are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}