{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Python resource wrapper for integrating Datadog's dogstatsd client into Dagster workflows, enabling metrics and event reporting.",
  "sources": "The code reads API keys ('api_key' and 'app_key') from resource configuration inputs provided by users during resource instantiation.",
  "sinks": "No direct untrusted data sinks are present; the code only uses provided API keys for initialization and method calls for reporting metrics and events.",
  "flows": "Input API keys flow from resource configuration to the DatadogClient initialization. These keys are used to authenticate reporting actions to Datadog. There are no other source-to-sink flows that perform data manipulation or transmission beyond the intended metric reporting.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. The API keys are passed as parameters, not hardcoded. No suspicious code or obfuscation is present. No use of dynamic code execution or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a resource class for Datadog integration, initializing with API keys supplied via configuration. It wraps the dogstatsd library's functions for metrics reporting. The functions and classes are straightforward and documented. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. The data flow is limited to passing user-provided API keys and reporting metrics, which is typical for such integrations. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious behaviors are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured integration layer for Datadog metrics reporting within Dagster pipelines. It does not contain malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security risks beyond normal API key handling. Proper security practices depend on safeguarding API keys during configuration, but the code itself is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}