{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class for interacting with Google Sheets spreadsheets via an API client, providing functionalities such as retrieving metadata, managing worksheets, sharing permissions, exporting data, and updating properties.",
  "sources": "Data sources include API responses from the spreadsheet service, such as fetch_sheet_metadata, client.batch_update, and client.request methods, as well as user inputs for worksheet indices, titles, permission details, and property updates.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include API request methods that modify or retrieve data (batch_update, request, export, share, remove_permission, transfer_ownership, accept_ownership, list_permissions, etc.), especially where untrusted data could influence API parameters or payloads.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input sources (user-provided titles, IDs, permission details, timezone, locale, sheet IDs, permission IDs) flow into API request payloads and method calls that modify spreadsheet data or permissions. For example, add_worksheet, delete_worksheet, share, transfer_ownership, and update_title methods all construct payloads with user input that are sent to API endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears well-structured with standard API interactions. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. Usage of warnings for deprecated methods is standard. No obfuscated or overly dynamic code constructs are present. The code does not contain suspicious URL domains or network connections beyond legitimate API endpoints. No hidden or malicious logic is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily serves as a wrapper around the Google Sheets API, providing methods to manipulate spreadsheets and permissions. It does not include any suspicious or malicious code, such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or backdoors. All methods invoke API calls with user-controlled parameters that are expected in such a context. There are no signs of malicious behavior like unauthorized data transmission, code injection, or privilege escalation. The use of standard API endpoints and the absence of hardcoded secrets or obscure dynamic code indicates low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate API wrapper for managing Google Sheets spreadsheets, with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. It performs expected spreadsheet operations and permission management securely and transparently. No malicious or sabotage signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}