{
  "purpose": "The code handles resource packaging and verification, including signing, signature verification, and unpacking resource files with integrity checks.",
  "sources": "Reads from files (private and public keys, resource files, manifest.json), reads file data in unpack_resource, read inputs for signature and verification functions.",
  "sinks": "Reads private keys, public keys, resource files, manifest files; writes signatures to manifest.json; reads and writes zip files; deletes resource directories.",
  "flows": "Reads keys and resource files -> signs manifest data -> embeds signature in manifest -> verifies signature during unpacking -> extracts resources if verification passes.",
  "anomalies": "Uses MD5 for hashing, which is considered insecure. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious hardcoded secrets. Signature validation process appears standard. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard cryptographic signing and verification processes using RSA and MD5, which is common but insecure for cryptographic security. The signature functions read private and public keys from specific paths. The unpack_resource function checks file integrity via MD5 checksum and verifies signatures, then extracts resources if verification passes. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The overall structure is straightforward, performing expected resource packaging and verification tasks. Use of MD5 reduces security robustness, but this is not inherently malicious. No anomalies or suspicious logic detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs resource signing, verification, and packaging tasks using standard libraries with no evidence of malicious behavior. Use of MD5 for hashing is insecure but not malicious. No backdoors or malicious data leaks are apparent. Overall, the code appears benign and intended for resource integrity management.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}