{
  "purpose": "The code defines an IBAN (International Bank Account Number) class with methods for validation, generation, and data extraction related to IBANs, including country-specific and bank-specific information. It facilitates IBAN validation, formatting, and related banking details management.",
  "sources": "User input in the constructor (iban string), class methods like from_bban, generate, random, and properties that access internal attributes such as self.bban, self.country_code, self.checksum_digits, and registry data.",
  "sinks": "Validation methods such as _validate_characters, _validate_length, _validate_format, and _validate_iban_checksum which process the IBAN data; properties that access bank and country info; registry access for country and bank data.",
  "flows": "Input IBAN string -> validation methods (character, length, format, checksum) -> access to registry data for country and bank info -> formatted output or derived data like numeric representation.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard libraries and a registry for country and bank info; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls. The registry manipulation to add regex is standard for data validation. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present. The use of the Random class in random IBAN generation is typical. There are no signals of malicious data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured implementation of IBAN handling, including validation, creation, and information extraction. It uses standard libraries, regex for validation, and a registry for dynamic country and bank data. The use of 'from __future__ import annotations' and type hints indicates modern Python coding. Validation routines check format, length, and checksum using known algorithms. The registry is manipulated to add regex for BBAN structure validation, which is typical. There are no network calls, no external data leaks, or suspicious behaviors. The code does not execute untrusted data nor includes any code injection vectors. Overall, the code appears legitimate and secure, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a secure, legitimate implementation for IBAN management with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It performs standard validation and data handling for IBANs without any suspicious or harmful activities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}