{
  "purpose": "The code defines an IBAN (International Bank Account Number) class for validation, generation, and parsing of IBANs, including country-specific details, formatting, and registry integration.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the IBAN string provided to the constructor and the components used in generating IBANs (e.g., country code, bank code, account code). The code also reads from the registry for country-specific IBAN specifications.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the numeric conversion of IBANs, which could be misused if manipulated, but this appears to be for validation purposes. No explicit data leaks or system interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input IBAN strings or components into validation, checksum computation, or generation functions. The flows include parsing the IBAN, validating its structure, and converting it to numeric form. No external network or file I/O is involved.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are present. The code uses standard library functions, regular expressions, and known third-party modules (pycountry). No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are evident. Registry manipulation is for adding regex specifications, not malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a comprehensive IBAN handling class with validation, generation, and registry-based configuration. It imports standard modules and third-party libraries responsibly. Validation functions are straightforward, using regex and checksum algorithms. Registry manipulation involves adding regex patterns for BBAN specifications. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. No network calls, file I/O, or credential handling are present. The overall structure appears consistent with secure, open-source code for IBAN processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of IBAN handling with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It adheres to standard validation and generation practices. No malware, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}