{
  "purpose": "The script orchestrates the process of issuing certificates on a blockchain, choosing between Ethereum and Bitcoin based on configuration, and handling batch actions and transactions.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily read from the 'app_config' object via 'config.get_config()' and the 'chain' attribute within it.",
  "targets": "The code interacts with external blockchain handlers and issues transactions, which could potentially be exploited if those handlers are malicious or compromised.",
  "flows": "Input from 'app_config' flows into the blockchain handler instantiation, then into the 'Issuer' class, which performs issuance. Transaction IDs are returned and logged.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code detected. External modules are imported dynamically based on configuration but are standard for the project. Error handling is generic.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes configuration and determines blockchain type (Ethereum or Bitcoin). It dynamically imports corresponding blockchain handler modules, which could be a vector if those modules are malicious or compromised. The 'Issuer' class is used to issue certificates, but its internal implementation is not shown, making it a potential trust point. The code logs transaction IDs or errors, and uses exception handling to catch all errors broadly. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are visible. The dynamic import based on configuration is standard but relies on external modules, which need to be trusted. No malicious or maliciously intended code is apparent in this snippet.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to perform legitimate blockchain certificate issuance with standard practices. There are no signs of malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or malicious code. The primary concern would be trusting external modules ('cert_issuer.blockchain_handlers') and the 'Issuer' class, but within this snippet, no malicious intent is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}