{
  "purpose": "The code appears to orchestrate dataset perturbation, retraining, and evaluation processes, likely for machine learning robustness experiments.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include dataset parameter, environment variables (potentially, indirectly), and file directories for saving/loading models and results.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive operations include file I/O in pkl_dir, improved_pkl_dir, retrain_csv_dir; model training functions; and dataset modifications. No network or system calls are explicitly present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from dataset input, through perturbation and retraining functions, into model evaluation steps, with data stored or retrieved via specified directories.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses highly obfuscated, non-descriptive function and variable names, which may hide malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident. No obfuscated code constructs are present. The control flow is straightforward, based on mode selection.",
  "analysis": "The code performs dataset perturbations, model retraining, and evaluation. It calls multiple functions with obfuscated names, making the purpose less transparent. There are no indications of network activity, data exfiltration, or system-level manipulation. The obfuscation appears solely in naming, not in code execution or hidden behaviors. The operations involve data handling and model training, typical in research or testing environments. No suspicious side-effects or malicious patterns are detected. The flow seems designed for experimental robustness analysis rather than malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The script's purpose appears to be for machine learning robustness experiments involving dataset perturbations and retraining. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. The obfuscated names raise suspicion but are consistent with research code and do not indicate malicious intent. The code is likely safe but could benefit from clearer naming for better transparency.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}