{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for managing build directories, resolving templates, handling environment variables, and locating files related to a Python project build process.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (e.g., WOWOOL_STAGE, WOWOOL_LXWARE, WOWOOL_LINGWARE), filesystem (glob patterns, os.path, Path), and subprocess outputs (which commands).",
  "sinks": "Environment variables assignment, filesystem operations (copy, delete), command execution via run, eval for template resolution.",
  "flows": "Environment variables are checked and potentially set via subprocess 'which' commands; filesystem files are read and copied; eval is used to evaluate template strings; directory paths are resolved based on environment variables and filesystem existence checks.",
  "anomalies": "Usage of eval in 'resolve_template' introduces potential risk if templates are not controlled, but since it operates on string templates provided within code, the risk appears minimal. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code constructs are observed. The code handles filesystem and environment variables securely, with assertions to prevent invalid paths. No network activity, reverse shells, or data exfiltration code are present. No obfuscation or malware-like behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly performs filesystem management, environment variable resolution, and command lookups, with some potentially risky eval usage for template resolution. There are no signs of malicious actions such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The subprocess calls are limited to 'which' commands for locating executables, with output used to set environment variables. The directory and file handling are straightforward, with proper existence checks and assertions. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious behavior, and the operations are consistent with standard build tooling functions.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical build utility script with no indications of malicious intent. It uses eval safely within controlled template strings and manages environment variables and files securely. No malware or security risks are evident based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}