{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for managing build folders, resolving templates, handling environment variables, and copying files in a Python build process, likely related to a project involving 'wowool' and 'lxware'.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (os.environ), file system paths and metadata (Path, os.path), and executes system commands via subprocess.run.",
  "sinks": "Uses system commands via subprocess.run, and copies files via shutil.copy2. Environment variables are read and potentially set. Files are copied and directories are manipulated.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence folder paths; system commands (which) determine executable paths; file operations (copy, delete) manage build artifacts and resources.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The eval() in resolve_template could be risky if templates are untrusted, but here it appears used for string interpolation, which is relatively safe if input is controlled. No obfuscated code is present. No network activity or suspicious system calls are evident beyond standard build utilities. The function 'resolve_template' uses eval(), which can be risky if misused, but in this context, it seems intended for template rendering.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of build utility functions for managing directories, environment variables, and file operations. It relies on environment variables to determine specific folders, uses 'which' to locate executables, and copies files conditionally based on modification times. The eval() function used in 'resolve_template' is a potential security concern if the 'template' input is untrusted, but in a controlled build environment, this is likely safe. There are no signs of malicious code such as network connections, data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious system calls. The code appears to be standard build utility code without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code does not contain malicious behavior or malware. It functions as a set of build utilities with standard practices, though the use of eval() warrants caution if input is untrusted. Overall, it appears safe with no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}