{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a utility script for building, cleaning, and managing Python project files and environment settings.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (e.g., WOWOOL_STAGE, WOWOOL_LXWARE, WOWOOL_LINGWARE), filesystem (checking existence of directories and files), and subprocess outputs (checking for tool locations).",
  "sinks": "Uses subprocess.run() to locate executables, filesystem operations (copying files, deleting directories), and environment variable assignments.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and subprocess outputs influence directory paths and environment variable settings, with some potential for influence if environment variables are manipulated externally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors. The eval() in resolve_template() could be risky if template input is untrusted, but within this context, it seems intended for string formatting. No obfuscated code or suspicious patterns are present. The code does perform filesystem and environment manipulations that could be abused if inputs are malicious, but these are typical for build scripts.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical build utility with functions to clean build folders, resolve templates, manage environment variables, and locate project-related files. It relies on environment variables and filesystem checks. The eval() in resolve_template() could be unsafe if used with untrusted templates, but in a controlled build environment, it is likely intended for internal use. The subprocess calls to 'which' check for tool existence and set environment variables accordingly, which is standard. There are no signs of malicious activity such as network communications, data exfiltration, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a build helper tool with standard operations involving filesystem, environment, and subprocess management. No malicious intent or malware indicators are detected. The eval() usage warrants cautious review if templates are externally supplied, but within this context, it appears safe. Overall, the script appears benign and typical for build automation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}