{
  "purpose": "Provides an interface to interact with Twitter API via MCP server tools, allowing retrieval of user info, tweets, followers, and other Twitter data.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (TWITTER_API_KEY, DEBUG), loads .env or env files, user inputs for API keys and parameters in functions.",
  "sinks": "Uses untrusted parameters (userName, userId, tweetId, etc.) in API requests, which are included in URL query parameters. No data is directly written to files or external systems. Response handling is standard.",
  "flows": "User input parameters (userName, userId, tweetId, etc.) flow into API request URLs; API responses are returned as JSON. No sensitive data flow to external or hidden locations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials; API key is retrieved from environment variables. No suspicious code patterns, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Debug print statements are minimal and benign. The code structure is straightforward, with standard async HTTP requests and environment variable handling.",
  "analysis": "The code loads environment variables (including API keys), provides functions to query Twitter API endpoints with parameters supplied by users, and performs HTTP GET requests to predefined API routes. All input parameters are used as query parameters in API calls. No suspicious or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network communications to malicious domains is observed. The environment variable loading is standard, and the code appears to facilitate legitimate Twitter data retrieval. There are no hardcoded secrets besides the API key, which is handled securely via environment variables. The code uses common libraries and patterns without obfuscation or malware signatures.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate API wrapper for Twitter, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It reads user inputs and environment variables, performs standard HTTP requests to a Twitter API endpoint, and returns JSON responses. There are no malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscated code present. Overall, the package is safe based on the provided source.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}