{
  "purpose": "The code is a test suite for the 'nbparameterise' library, which manipulates parameters within Jupyter notebooks. It reads a sample notebook, extracts parameters, modifies them, rebuilds notebook cells, and executes code snippets via exec(). The primary security concern is executing code from notebook cells without validation, which could be malicious if the notebook content is untrusted.",
  "sources": "Reading 'sample.ipynb' file, extracting parameters, and executing code snippets from notebook cells via exec().",
  "sinks": "The exec() function executing code extracted from notebook cell source strings.",
  "flows": "Notebook file read -> parameter extraction/modification -> code replacement -> exec() on cell source.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on code from external notebooks without validation, which is inherently risky and could lead to code injection if notebooks are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a legitimate test suite for parameter handling in notebooks. The main security risk stems from executing notebook cell source code via exec() without sanitization, which could allow malicious code execution if the notebook content is untrusted. No malicious code or obfuscation is present within the code itself. The use of exec() is a known pattern in notebook manipulation but should be used cautiously. The malware score is appropriately zero, as no malicious payloads are detected. The risk score should be higher, around 0.75, reflecting the danger of executing untrusted code. The scores in the reports are generally consistent with this assessment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate testing script with a significant security concern due to the use of exec() on potentially untrusted notebook content. No malicious code is embedded, and obfuscation is absent. The malware score remains at 0, but the security risk is high if notebooks are untrusted. The risk score should be around 0.75 to 0.8, emphasizing caution in such scenarios.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}