{
  "purpose": "The code manages HTTP response headers and provides utility functions for header manipulation, including encoding and parameter handling.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters (e.g., 'param', 'TzwWjGFHaTQvzasWEfsqmARkgHGhrTLE', '_params', '_name', 'jyjoTHhroDxOOQKFxWcZUylPNoSevFRm'), especially in methods like 'setdefault' and 'NCUFcRSUPuboDdWFtxDEsZlHMvbRBRLL'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data could be exposed when header values are returned or constructed, such as in 'get', '__str__', '__bytes__', or when headers are appended or modified (e.g., '_headers'). No external data sinks (like network connections) are explicitly present.",
  "flows": "Input from parameters flows into internal storage ('_headers') via methods like 'setdefault' and 'NCUFcRSUPuboDdWFtxDEsZlHMvbRBRLL'. Header values are constructed with functions like 'hJlrcOSvQmphoYuhNFjGTAEYaSGcRodr', which escape certain characters. Header retrieval methods access internal data, with no evidence of external data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "The variable and class names are obfuscated or nonsensical, making static analysis difficult. The function 'hJlrcOSvQmphoYuhNFjGTAEYaSGcRodr' escapes characters but does not seem malicious; it appears to sanitize header values. The class manages headers securely and does not perform network operations or system commands. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The code is structurally complex but internally consistent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a utility for managing HTTP headers with functions for safe header value encoding and handling. The encoding function escapes backslashes and double quotes, presumably to prevent injection or injection-like issues in header values. The class encapsulates headers in a list, provides standard dict-like methods, and supports adding, deleting, and retrieving headers. No network, system, or suspicious code execution is present. Obfuscated variable and class names hinder readability but do not indicate malicious intent. The code appears to be a standard, albeit obfuscated, header management utility without malicious features.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code functions as a header management utility with safe encoding practices. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware signatures. Its obfuscation is superficial and likely for code concealment rather than malicious intent. No evidence of malicious payloads or sabotage found. Overall, it appears benign but with obfuscated naming, warranting a low-confidence assessment that the code is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}