{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions and classes for progress bars, paging, editing files, opening URLs, and terminal input handling, mainly for CLI applications.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables, standard input/output streams, terminal size, and files. Accesses os.environ, sys.stdin, sys.stdout, and temporary files.",
  "sinks": "Uses subprocess to run external editors and open URLs. Writes to streams for progress display and temporary files. Calls os.unlink and os.close for cleanup.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence URL opening and pager behavior. User input captured via terminal functions affects terminal state. Progress bar updates and file editing are based on internal state and external processes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No suspicious data leaks, external network connections aside from opening URLs or external commands, or code hiding. Use of subprocess for external commands is standard but requires trust in external commands. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. Exception handling is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of utility functions and classes for CLI interactions, including progress bar rendering, paging, URL opening, and terminal input. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity is present. External command execution uses standard system tools (editors, pager, open URL) with normal environment variable handling. Input handling functions are standard for Windows and Unix-like systems, with appropriate safeguards. No evidence of malicious data exfiltration or control mechanisms. The code adheres to typical patterns for CLI utilities without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a collection of CLI utility functions and classes, implementing common features such as progress bars, file editing, URL opening, and terminal input. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. The use of subprocess and environment variables is consistent with standard CLI tooling. Overall, the package seems safe and free of malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}