{
  "purpose": "A GUI tool for displaying and searching for icons from various sources (system themes, Qt icons).",
  "sources": "Reads command-line arguments for mode selection; reads theme directory contents; accesses clipboard when copying icon names; reads icon names from internal data structures.",
  "sinks": "Clipboard access for copying icon names; display of UI elements; icon retrieval from theme and style APIs.",
  "flows": "User inputs search text → fuzzy matching filters icons → icons are loaded and displayed → icon names can be copied to clipboard on click.",
  "anomalies": "Uses print statements for logging; reliance on external libraries (fuzzywuzzy) without input validation; no hardcoded secrets or credentials; no obfuscated code, no dynamic execution; no network connections or file modifications observed.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily functions as a GUI application that loads icons from system themes or Qt predefined icons, filtered by user input with fuzzy matching. It reads theme directory contents to list icons, which is standard for such applications. The clipboard is used for copying icon names, with user feedback via Toast labels. No data exfiltration, network activity, or system modifications are present. The command-line arguments only influence display logic. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as backdoors, code injection, or hidden network communication. Use of external libraries appears legitimate and isolated. Overall, the code performs a benign function without malicious intent or suspicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a GUI icon viewer and search tool that does not exhibit malicious behavior. It securely reads local data, interacts with the clipboard for user convenience, and displays icons based on user input. No signs of malware, backdoors, or security risks are detected. The code appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}