{
  "purpose": "This source code implements a generic OAuth2 client, providing methods for authorization URL generation, token retrieval, token refresh, revocation, and user profile access, with an emphasis on secure token handling and request management.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include method parameters such as authorization code, redirect URI, refresh token, and tokens for profile access. Data is read from method arguments, response objects, and configuration attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are HTTP requests (client.send, client.build_request), where token data and request parameters are sent over the network; response handling that processes JSON responses; and exception handling that raises errors based on HTTP responses or JSON decoding issues.",
  "flows": "Source flows through method arguments (e.g., tokens, codes) into request data payloads. These payloads are used to build HTTP requests, which are sent via asynchronous HTTP client. Responses are parsed for tokens or user profile data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious or unusual code patterns are identified. The code uses standard OAuth2 flow constructs and proper request handling. No obfuscated or malicious code segments are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of an OAuth2 client with methods for generating authorization URLs, obtaining tokens, refreshing tokens, revoking tokens, and placeholder methods for user profile retrieval. It performs necessary validation of input parameters, manages request headers, and constructs requests securely. Error handling is in place for HTTP and JSON errors. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are observed. The code adheres to typical OAuth2 client practices and appears free of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard OAuth2 client implementation without signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It does not contain hardcoded credentials or suspicious data flows. It appears safe for use, with no evidence of malicious or harmful features.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}