{
  "purpose": "The code provides a base implementation for an OAuth2 client, including methods for obtaining authorization URLs, access tokens, refreshing tokens, revoking tokens, and handling OAuth2-specific errors.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include method parameters such as 'code', 'redirect_uri', 'refresh_token', 'token', and 'token_type_hint'. External data is fetched via HTTP requests made through the httpx library.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include HTTP request construction and sending functions ('build_request', 'send_request') which transmit tokens, authorization codes, and credentials over the network.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input from parameters (e.g., 'code', 'refresh_token', 'token') flows into HTTP request data payloads, which are sent to external OAuth2 endpoints. The data flows from input parameters through request construction to network transmission.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors. The code performs standard OAuth2 client operations, with no obfuscation, unusual dynamic execution, or hidden behaviors. Exception handling is standard for network requests.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard OAuth2 client logic, including authorization URL creation, token exchange, refresh, and revocation, with appropriate error handling. It uses HTTPX for network operations and includes classes for managing tokens and errors. There are no indications of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or covert channels. All network communications are performed using standard libraries, with no suspicious URLs or hardcoded secrets. The functions handle sensitive data carefully, passing credentials only over HTTP requests and not logging or exposing secrets. The overall structure and code are consistent with legitimate OAuth2 client implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard OAuth2 client implementation with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs expected operations for OAuth2 workflows without obfuscation or suspicious behavior. The risk of malicious activity is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}