{
  "purpose": "This code implements a generic OAuth2 client, providing mechanisms for authorization URL creation, token exchange, refresh, revocation, and profile retrieval, with error handling and request management.",
  "sources": "Input sources include method parameters such as authorization codes, tokens, URLs, and optional extras; the code also reads from response JSON objects and environment variables via library calls.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include HTTP request executions via httpx, where tokens and credentials are sent, and response parsing. Potential data leaks could occur if tokens or sensitive info are mishandled, but the code properly manages tokens internally.",
  "flows": "Source-to-sink paths involve token requests and revocation via HTTP calls, where input data (like tokens, URLs, credentials) flow into HTTP request construction and are transmitted over the network. Responses are parsed into internal data structures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors are present. The code uses standard libraries and practices. No obfuscation or unusual code structures detected. Error handling is standard; no malicious or suspicious logic is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines exception classes, OAuth2 token management, and a base OAuth2 client class. It handles request creation, token retrieval, refresh, revocation, and profile fetching with proper input validation and error handling. The request methods securely manage tokens and credentials, and there are no signs of malicious data leaks or control flow anomalies. Usage of HTTPX and JSON processing is standard, with no suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or external data exfiltration signals. The code's design is consistent with secure OAuth2 client implementations, and no malicious or sabotage behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard, well-structured OAuth2 client library with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It manages tokens and credentials securely, uses proper error handling, and does not include suspicious code or behaviors. It is safe based on the provided source.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}