{
  "purpose": "The code implements various block-based motion estimation algorithms (Diamond Search, ARPS, 3-Step Search, N3SS, 4SS, Exhaustive Search) for video frames, used to compute motion vectors between frames.",
  "sources": "Reads image data from input frames, specifically the current and reference images, during motion estimation functions.",
  "sinks": "No external data leaks, network activity, or command execution; data flows are confined within image processing routines.",
  "flows": "Image data flows from input frames into cost computation functions, then through search algorithms to determine motion vectors, which are stored and used for motion compensation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, backdoors, obfuscation, or malicious behaviors detected. The import from '..utils' is external and unspecified but not inherently malicious. The comment 'BROKEN, check this' indicates incomplete implementation, not malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard, well-known block-matching motion estimation algorithms. It reads image data, computes matching costs via mean absolute difference, and searches for minimal cost motion vectors using various algorithms. No external network or system commands are invoked. No obfuscation patterns or suspicious behaviors are present. The import from '..utils' is external but not suspicious without further context. The code structure is clear, and the algorithms are implemented as per literature references. No evidence of malicious activity, data exfiltration, or sabotage is observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of multiple block motion estimation algorithms for video processing. It contains no malicious or obfuscated code. The scores assigned (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1) are consistent with the analysis. The minor concern about the external import does not alter the benign assessment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}