{
  "purpose": "Provide type annotations and paginator classes for the boto3 globalaccelerator client, enabling type-safe iteration over paginated responses.",
  "sources": "Imports from sys, typing, botocore.paginate, and local type definitions. The code does not read untrusted input data; it primarily defines classes and methods.",
  "sinks": "Method definitions with **kwargs unpacking, which could potentially be used maliciously if combined with untrusted input. However, in context, these are standard paginator method signatures; no external sinks like network calls, file writes, or data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "The 'paginate' methods accept arbitrary keyword arguments, which are passed to underlying paginator logic. No direct data flow from untrusted sources into sensitive sinks is observable.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. All class structures and method signatures follow typical boto3-stubs conventions. The only notable pattern is the use of dynamic 'Unpack' with 'kwargs' in 'paginate' methods, which is standard for type annotations but could be misused if the code were modified maliciously. However, in this context, it appears legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code defines paginator classes for the 'globalaccelerator' service, leveraging 'typing' and 'botocore.paginate' modules. Each paginator class extends a generic 'Paginator' with specific response types, and defines a 'paginate' method with unpacked request parameters. The structure is consistent with boto3 stub implementations, with conditional import for 'Unpack' for Python >=3.12. There are no signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or data exfiltration. The code's design is for type safety and clarity in paginator usage, not for malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, legitimate implementation of boto3 paginator type annotations for the 'globalaccelerator' service. There are no malicious behaviors, backdoors, or suspicious anomalies detected. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}