{
  "purpose": "This code defines a visualization class for rendering interactive maps using the deck.gl framework, primarily for use in Jupyter notebooks and web environments.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are primarily external inputs such as API keys via function parameters or environment variables, and data provided to layers. Data is also read from sys.modules for environment detection.",
  "sinks": "The code writes HTML files for visualization, potentially opening web browsers, and interfaces with a widget component for Jupyter environments. It accesses environment variables for API keys, which could leak if not handled securely.",
  "flows": "API keys and configuration data flow from parameters or environment variables into class attributes. The to_html method generates visualization files that could contain embedded data or scripts, which are then rendered in browsers or notebooks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present; API keys are obtained from environment variables or parameters. There is no obfuscated or suspicious code; use of external libraries is standard. Commented-out code indicates potential future features but no malicious intent. No suspicious network activity or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a visualization class with functions to set API keys, generate HTML visualizations, and interface with Jupyter notebooks. API keys are securely sourced from environment variables or passed parameters, avoiding hardcoded secrets. The class methods perform typical rendering tasks and do not contain any suspicious behavior or malicious payloads. No dynamic code execution, network connections, or system modifications are present. Overall, the code appears benign and well-structured, focused on visualization functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign visualization class for rendering maps with pydeck, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles API keys securely and generates standard HTML for visualization. No malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}