{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Python class for rendering and configuring deck.gl visualizations in Jupyter notebooks or web browsers, including setting up API keys and map styles.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (os.getenv), module imports, class initializations, and method parameters for configuration.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the to_html() method which outputs HTML files, and the setting of API keys that could be misused if exposed or mishandled.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and API keys are read as sources; these values are assigned to class attributes and used in HTML generation. Data flows from inputs (parameters, environment variables) to outputs (HTML files, widget configurations).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution detected. The code does contain commented-out sections for Jupyter and Colab, but these are standard features and not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages visualization configuration, API keys, and HTML generation for visualization embedding. It reads environment variables for API keys, sets up a widget if available, and outputs HTML or iframe embeds. There are no suspicious code injections, network connections, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The API key handling is standard and controlled within the class, with no evident malicious behavior. The commented-out sections for Jupyter and Colab features are benign. The methods do not perform any unsafe operations such as executing untrusted code, writing to sensitive files, or network activity beyond standard visualization rendering.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard visualization rendering class with appropriate API key handling and HTML output capabilities. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks within this code snippet. It is a legitimate configuration and rendering module for visualization purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}