{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client class for the AWS OpsWorksCM service, facilitating structured interactions with AWS via boto3 with type hints.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries, botocore, and local modules; class and method definitions, especially the generate_presigned_url method and request handler functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential data flows include generate_presigned_url for URL generation, and various request parameter handlers (e.g., associate_node, create_backup) which accept and process input data. No direct data leaks or untrusted data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data from method parameters flows through request handling functions like associate_node, create_backup, etc., to AWS service calls; generate_presigned_url produces URLs based on inputs; no malicious flow detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code primarily consists of type annotations, class definitions, and method signatures. No obfuscated code, code injection, or unusual behaviors observed. The only potentially noteworthy point is the presence of a copyright date (2025) which is future-dated, but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured type stub and client wrapper for AWS boto3 SDK, providing type annotations for various service methods. It imports necessary modules, defines a client class with method signatures, and provides overloads for paginators and waiters. No executable code or data processing logic with malicious intent is present. The generate_presigned_url method is standard in AWS SDKs for URL generation, with parameters for security. All functions appear to be standard wrappers without any hidden or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, non-malicious type stub and client interface for AWS OpsWorksCM service. It contains no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. It functions as a typing aid and client interface, with no security risks or suspicious activities detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}