{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to perform permutation shuffle tests and bootstrap confidence intervals for statistical analysis, primarily for A/B testing scenarios.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through parameters 'test', 'ctrl', 'test_denominator', and 'ctrl_denominator', which are numpy arrays or sparse matrices passed into functions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data could be leaked if outputs are mishandled, but within this code, no direct data sinks or external transmissions are present. No unsafe operations like code execution, file access, or network communication are implemented.",
  "flows": "Input data (test, ctrl, denominators) are processed through permutation and bootstrap computations, involving data shuffling, statistical calculations, and result aggregation. The flow is confined within the functions, with no external data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors. The code uses standard numpy functions and multiprocessing for parallelization. No obfuscated code, malicious injections, or unusual behaviors are detected. The only minor concern could be the use of multiprocessing without explicit security checks, but this is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code is designed for statistical permutation testing, involving data shuffling, distribution generation, and calculation of permutation p-values. It validates input arrays, handles large data arrays with warnings, and utilizes multiprocessing for efficiency. No code appears to perform any malicious activity such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or hidden backdoors. The structure and logic are consistent with standard scientific computing practices. No suspicious or malicious patterns are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of permutation testing and bootstrap analysis, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions as intended for statistical testing purposes without any embedded malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}