{
  "purpose": "Dynamically load a compiled shared object (.so) extension module located in the same directory as the script.",
  "sources": "The code reads the list of files in the current directory (__file__). It then specifically targets files ending with '.so'.",
  "sinks": "The code executes the extension module via exec_module, which can run arbitrary code contained within the shared object. It also imports attributes from the module into the global namespace.",
  "flows": "Files ending with '.so' are identified, loaded as a module, and their attributes are imported into globals. The flow involves listing directory contents, selecting a shared object file, loading it, and importing its attributes.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically loads a shared object file without verifying its origin or contents. It imports all non-private attributes directly into the global namespace, which could be dangerous if the shared object is malicious. There are no security checks or validation of the .so file. This pattern can be exploited if a malicious or tampered shared object is present.",
  "analysis": "The script searches for a shared object (.so) file in its directory, then loads and executes it using importlib's machinery. It then imports all attributes from that module into the global namespace. The approach is standard for dynamic extension loading but poses security risks if the shared object is malicious or untrusted. There is no validation, checksum verification, or security measures in place. The code's behavior depends entirely on the contents of the shared object, which could be malicious if tampered with. The loading process could execute arbitrary code embedded within the shared object, and importing all attributes into the global namespace can introduce risks of malicious functions or variables affecting the runtime environment.",
  "conclusion": "The code dynamically loads a shared object (.so) file and imports its attributes into the global namespace without any validation or security checks. This pattern can be exploited if the .so file is malicious or compromised. It is a potential security risk, especially if an attacker can influence the contents of the directory or the .so file. The overall risk is moderate to high depending on the trustworthiness of the environment.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.75,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 5
}