{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions, data structures, and classes for handling OAuth-related data and request processing.",
  "sources": "Reads input from method parameters (e.g., URI, headers, body), environment (imported modules), and potentially untrusted request data via request objects.",
  "sinks": "Uses functions like jwt.encode and jwt.decode which handle cryptographic tokens, URL encoding/decoding, and string comparisons. Also processes input data for URL query parameters and request attributes.",
  "flows": "Input data from request parameters, headers, and bodies flow through encoding/decoding functions, regex sanitization, and into OAuth token generation or verification functions. Sensitive data (like tokens or secrets) are managed with functions designed to mitigate timing attacks.",
  "anomalies": "Uses secure random functions for nonce and token generation, applies sanitization patterns to request data, and employs constant-time string comparison. No evident hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No obfuscated code or malicious payloads detected.",
  "analysis": "The code contains standard OAuth utility functions, including URL encoding/decoding, nonce/token generation with SystemRandom, and JWT handling for token signing and verification. The implementation appears cautious, with sanitization and timing attack mitigation measures. No suspicious external connections, hidden backdoors, or malicious logic are evident. The security practices align with typical OAuth implementations. The use of regex patterns for sanitization and consistent encoding practices mitigate common security issues. Overall, the code seems legitimate and secure, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard OAuth utility module implementing secure token generation, URL handling, and request processing. It does not exhibit malicious or sabotage behavior. The security measures used are appropriate for the context, and there are no indications of malicious intent or backdoors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}