{
  "purpose": "Utility and data structures for OAuth implementation, including URL encoding/decoding, nonce/token generation, request representation, and case-insensitive dictionaries.",
  "sources": "Reading environment variables (imported modules), input parameters from function calls (e.g., request body, headers, URI), and cryptographic key materials (private_pem, public_pem).",
  "sinks": "JWT encode/decode functions, URL parsing and construction, string comparison functions, and random token/nonce generation, which could be used maliciously if misused.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., request data, tokens, headers) flow through URL encoding/decoding, nonce/token generation, and cryptographic functions. Sensitive data such as 'private_pem' and 'public_pem' are used in signing and verifying tokens. Randomness functions generate tokens and nonces that could be misused if mishandled.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'jwt' for token signing and verification with external private/public keys; random token generation with SystemRandom; no hardcoded credentials; no evident backdoors or malicious code; URL and parameter sanitization implemented; potential concern is the use of external cryptographic keys which if compromised could enable malicious token creation or validation bypass.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard OAuth utilities including URL encoding/decoding, nonce and token generation, JWT signing/verification, and request handling. The use of SystemRandom for token and nonce generation aligns with security best practices. JWT functions require external key materials, which are expected to be securely managed outside this code. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. Sanitization functions protect against common injection or leakage issues. No malicious behaviors such as network communication to suspicious domains, system access, or data exfiltration are observed. The code appears to be standard library code intended for OAuth implementations, with no evident malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility library for OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect implementations. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. It responsibly handles cryptographic operations and input sanitization, with no evident security risks beyond proper key management outside this code. Overall, the code is safe for use in OAuth-related applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}