{
  "purpose": "This code implements an OAuth2 client for Naver, facilitating authorization, token revocation, and profile retrieval.",
  "sources": "Reads token input in revoke_token, profile data from the HTTP response in get_profile, and profile fields (id, email).",
  "sinks": "Sends HTTP POST requests for token revocation and profile retrieval, potentially exposing tokens via headers and request data.",
  "flows": "Input tokens are used in HTTP requests to authorization endpoints; responses are parsed for profile info. Tokens flow from input to request headers and data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets, no obfuscated code, no unusual code structures. Use of environment variables or external secrets is not evident but might be managed externally. No suspicious URL endpoints beyond standard OAuth flows. The only SVG logo is purely visual.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard OAuth2 client operations: constructing requests, handling responses, and error handling. revoke_token sends a POST request with access token to revoke, get_profile fetches user info with a bearer token, get_id_email extracts id and email from profile. No hardcoded secrets or malicious network activity detected. The code relies on external configuration for secrets and endpoints. No evident malicious code or backdoors; the logic aligns with typical OAuth2 client behavior. The only potential concern is the exposure of tokens in headers and request data, which is standard for OAuth2 workflows but should be protected in deployment.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate OAuth2 client implementation for Naver with no signs of malicious behavior. It follows standard patterns, does not contain suspicious code, and only performs authorized API calls. No malware or malicious intent detected. Overall security risk is minimal, primarily dependent on secure handling of tokens and secrets outside this code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}