{
  "purpose": "The code provides Django template filters and tags for converting datetime objects to local time, UTC, and specific time zones, as well as fetching current timezone info.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as 'value' (datetime objects), string timezone names, and context variables. It also reads template tag arguments and context.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs datetime objects (converted to different time zones) and updates context variables with timezone names.",
  "flows": "Input data (datetime, timezone strings) is processed, potentially converted to aware datetimes, and then returned or stored in context. No data flows involve external systems or untrusted sources beyond the inputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a hack class 'datetimeobject' that subclasses datetime, with an added attribute 'convert_to_local_time' which could be misused. The use of try-except blocks suppresses exceptions silently, which may hide issues but is intended for robustness. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. No obfuscation is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines Django template filters and tags for datetime timezone conversions. It carefully handles naive datetimes by converting them to aware ones, uses standard zoneinfo for timezone handling, and wraps results in a subclass to add attributes. No external network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The try-except blocks prevent exceptions from propagating but do not introduce malicious behavior. The 'datetimeobject' subclass is a minor hack and not malicious. Overall, the code appears safe and intended for standard timezone conversions within Django templates.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of timezone handling in Django templates with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It performs expected functions securely and quietly handles errors. No security risks or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}