{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes for interacting with various web scraping APIs and structured data sources, including Amazon, Google, Walmart, and others, primarily for search, product, offers, review, and price information.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, such as queries, product IDs, ASINs, and other identifiers, often supplied by external callers. It also reads environment-like data such as API keys stored in instance variables.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could be sent via HTTP requests using the 'requests' library, especially in constructing URLs, request parameters, and payloads. The code may also print response content directly.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sources) are used to build request payloads or query strings, which are then sent over the network via the 'requests' library functions. Responses are processed or returned, with some content printed. There are no evident code injection points, but request parameters could be manipulated externally.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains inconsistent exception variable naming ('e' vs. 'CUSHCPavqSNzkmcpwfKrIWPMXOJFauli'), potential copy-paste artifacts, and some redundant or confusing print statements. The use of deep copying of request data, and string joins for ASINs, is standard. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several classes that act as clients for various web scraping or structured data APIs, passing parameters from method calls into HTTP request payloads. It handles exceptions during requests and raises custom exceptions if failures occur. The request data includes API keys, user inputs, and parameters, but nothing indicates maliciously crafted payloads. There are no hidden backdoors, suspicious domains, or malicious code actions like system access, data exfiltration, or system damage. The request payloads and flow follow standard API interaction patterns. There are no indications of malware, such as hidden network exfiltration, reverse shells, or cryptomining. The use of print for response content may be for debugging but does not constitute malicious behavior. Overall, the code is a structured API client library with no malicious intent, focusing on data collection and structured requests.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a set of API client wrappers for structured data scraping services. It reads data from function parameters and environment variables, sends requests over the network, and processes responses. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware are evident. It appears to be a legitimate data collection library without security risks or sabotage indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}