{
  "purpose": "Defines a Terraform data source for querying New Relic notification destinations using CDK for Terraform with a structured API.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters from constructor arguments, environment variables for package versions, and internal attributes for configuration. Imports modules like pkgutil, jsii, publication, typeguard, and CDKTF constructs.",
  "sinks": "Uses jsii.invoke and jsii.create to interact with underlying CDK/JSII runtime. No direct untrusted input handling or data leaks present. No network communication or system modification code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., account_id, name, secure_url) are stored in internal dictionaries and passed to jsii methods for resource creation and configuration. No external data flows or untrusted sources are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. Usage of jsii and dynamic type checks are standard for generated CDK constructs. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns identified. The code strictly manages resource configuration and data querying.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily boilerplate generated for a CDK for Terraform provider. It involves data classes, list classes, output reference classes, and configuration structures. All functions and classes perform expected configuration management tasks. The use of jsii for interaction with the underlying CDK runtime is typical and safe. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, network communication, or hidden backdoors. The code appears to be a legitimate SDK-generated resource definition without any suspicious anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, SDK-generated interface for querying a Terraform resource related to New Relic notification destinations. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It is safe to use within its intended scope.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}