{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Python module for interacting with the New Relic notification destination data source within the Terraform CDK framework. It provides classes and functions to configure, import, and access notification destination data from Terraform-managed resources.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from constructor parameters such as account_id, id, name, secure_url, connection, and other configuration options. Data is also read via property getters like account_id, id, name, secure_url, and internal values. No external data sources or untrusted inputs are explicitly processed in the code.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods that set internal state such as 'account_id', 'id', 'name', 'secure_url', and 'internal_value'. These are mostly setter methods for class properties and do not process untrusted external input. The code does not write data to files, network, or execute commands.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink flows involving untrusted data; data flows are limited to configuration parameters into class properties and internal data structures. The code does not include any data processing that could lead to injection or leakage.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes type guard functions and complex class structures that are typical for generated SDKs or binding layers, not suspicious by themselves. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The extensive use of class property setters and getters appears standard for SDK-style code. No obfuscated code, code injection, or hidden behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The module provides classes for managing a data source in Terraform CDK, with type checking, property accessors, and import functions. The code performs input validation via type hints and check_type functions, which are standard for ensuring correct usage. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as network activity, code execution, or data exfiltration. The code seems to be a typical auto-generated SDK or binding layer with no suspicious logic. The presence of helper functions for type checking and the structure of the classes suggests it's part of an SDK that interfaces with Terraform resources.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate SDK component for managing Terraform data sources related to New Relic notification destinations. It does not contain any malware or malicious behavior, nor does it perform insecure operations. The structure and logic are consistent with auto-generated SDK code for infrastructure as code tooling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}