{
  "purpose": "This code provides an implementation of path handling, file operations, and pattern matching for Databricks Workspace and DBFS, facilitating interaction with Databricks file storage via a pathlib-like interface.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (abc, os, re, io, etc.), third-party databricks.sdk modules, and environment variables (e.g., DATABRICKS_RUNTIME_VERSION). Data input points include file system paths, environment variables, and SDK calls (e.g., get_status, list, download, upload).",
  "sinks": "SDK methods that upload/download data (e.g., workspace.upload, workspace.download, dbfs.mkdirs, dbfs.delete, dbfs.move), and exception handling that could leak info through error messages. Data writes occur in methods like write_bytes, upload, and during file copy operations.",
  "flows": "Paths are constructed from input args, normalized, and used in SDK calls for file info, existence checks, listing, renaming, deletion, and opening files. User-supplied paths are processed and then passed directly to SDK methods or used to construct paths for SDK calls. Data flows from SDK responses into cached info attributes and read/write streams.",
  "anomalies": "Use of __future__ import annotations; _na() function raises NotImplementedError for unsupported operations, potentially to prevent misuse. The code caches metadata (_cached_file_info, _cached_object_info) but does not sanitize or validate the data fetched from SDKs, which could lead to inconsistent state if SDKs return malformed data. No obvious hardcoded secrets or credentials. The code performs environment variable checks (e.g., 'DATABRICKS_RUNTIME_VERSION') but only for warnings. No obfuscated code patterns or unusual code constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a detailed implementation of a pathlib-like interface for Databricks paths, supporting both DBFS and Workspace paths, with methods for existence checks, creation, deletion, renaming, and opening files. It uses SDK calls to interact with Databricks services, caching responses to optimize repeated access. Pattern matching and directory traversal are implemented with glob-like semantics. No dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious network activity is observed. Use of NotImplementedError and _na() suggests intentional disablement of certain features. Data flows primarily involve SDK interactions and data copying between streams. There are no indications of malicious code or backdoors, nor any hidden or secret operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a well-structured, legitimate SDK wrapper and path abstraction for Databricks workspace and DBFS. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware signals. All data operations are SDK-based and contextually appropriate. No security risks or suspicious anomalies are detected. The overall security risk score is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}