{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to query and display tracing information from a Cassandra database session, including formatting and printing trace details.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters passed to functions such as session_id, trace, and session, as well as external data in trace objects (events, timestamps, durations). It also reads the current time via time.time() for timezone adjustment.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs information using shell.printerr, shell.writeresult, and shell.print_formatted_result. It does not write untrusted data to files or execute external commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from trace objects and function parameters into formatted display functions. The trace data is retrieved and processed into rows, then outputted to the shell interface. The current time is used to convert timestamps.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, malicious code, or suspicious external interactions. The code appears to be standard trace display logic with no obfuscated or malicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code retrieves trace data from Cassandra query trace objects, processes timestamp and event data, and outputs formatted trace information to a shell interface. The function total_micro_seconds safely converts timedelta objects. The datetime_from_utc_to_local correctly adjusts UTC timestamps to local time using system time offset. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious external communication. No hardcoded secrets or insecure practices are evident. The code is straightforward, well-structured, and uses standard libraries without obfuscation or malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate tracing utility for Cassandra sessions, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It solely reads trace data and outputs formatted information to the console. No malware, malicious data flows, or security vulnerabilities are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}