{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom Router class for the Sanic web framework, responsible for managing URL routes, adding new routes, resolving routes, and maintaining route collections.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as URI paths, method types, host names, and route handler functions. It also reads route labels, route attributes, and request method information internally.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include route resolution functions, adding routes, and route normalization, but none involve executing untrusted code or directly outputting data externally. No evident sinks that lead to data leaks or external system commands.",
  "flows": "Input data such as URI paths, hostnames, and route handler annotations flow into route resolution, normalization, and addition functions. These are processed internally without evident external data leaks or command executions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. The code employs standard route handling logic, with careful normalization and validation. No obfuscated code, no suspicious dynamic code execution, and no hidden network activities.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a well-structured extension of the Sanic routing system, handling route addition, resolution, and validation. It validates route labels, normalizes path parameters based on handler annotations, and manages route collections efficiently. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The code’s purpose aligns with typical web routing functionality. The only minor concern is the normalization method, which processes route parameters, but it performs a benign task of matching path parameters with handler annotations without any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a web router extension with no malicious behavior detected. It performs route management functions securely, with proper validation and normalization. No signs of malware, supply chain attacks, or security risks are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}