{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom router class for a web framework, handling route addition, retrieval, and normalization within a Sanic-based application.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters such as 'path', 'method', 'host', 'uri', 'methods', 'handler', 'view_name', and internal attributes like 'self.routes'.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'super().add' to add routes, which could potentially execute or register handler functions. Accesses route labels, route parts, and route configuration. Utilizes 'signature' to inspect handler parameters.",
  "flows": "Input data (path, method, host) flows through route resolution and addition functions. Routes are added with specified handlers, then retrieved via cache or lookup functions. 'normalize' modifies URI strings based on handler signatures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No evidence of malicious code such as data exfiltration, network connections, or reverse shells. Usage of 'signature' for route normalization is benign. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are evident. Error handling is standard. The 'check_error_format' function usage might process external error formats, but no malicious behavior is indicated.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement a standard routing mechanism for a web framework with features for route addition, lookup, normalization, and validation. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or backdoors are present. The route normalization function inspects handler signatures to annotate URI parameters, which is a common pattern. The cache usage optimizes route lookup without posing security risks. The exception handling for route validation is typical. Overall, the code performs expected routing tasks with no malicious or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical implementation of a web framework router class. It performs route management functions without evidence of malicious intent or security risks. No malware, data exfiltration, or sabotage behaviors are detected. The code is safe and consistent with standard routing logic.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}