{
  "purpose": "Automates SAP GUI interactions for processing purchase orders, including data entry, attachment handling, and status reading.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from 'nota_pedido' dictionary, including 'tipo', 'cod_fornecedor', 'org_compras', 'grp_compradores', 'empresa', 'sintese_itens', 'anexo'. Also accesses GUI elements via dynamic IDs and external variables like 'id_gui', 'id_gui_detalhes_item', 'tx_result'.",
  "sinks": "Interacts with SAP GUI elements (findById, send_vkey), attaches files, and reads status messages. Potentially writes or manipulates system data through GUI interactions.",
  "flows": "Sources (input data, external variables) flow into GUI element interactions (setting text, selecting tabs), which then lead to further GUI navigation, attachment uploads, and status reading. Data from 'nota_pedido' flows into GUI fields; status messages are read at the end.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation in variable and class names, dynamic construction of GUI element IDs, references to undefined variables ('id_gui', 'id_gui_detalhes_item', 'tx_result'), and complex, nested GUI navigation paths. Use of dynamic attribute access and reliance on external variables suggest incomplete or externally dependent code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a heavily obfuscated automation script for SAP GUI, performing data entry, attachment uploads, and status checks. No explicit malicious payloads such as network exfiltration, destructive commands, or backdoors are evident. The obfuscation and dynamic GUI handling could be used to hide malicious intent, but based solely on the code, it appears to be legitimate automation. The undefined variables and complex ID handling pose potential risks if manipulated externally. The high obfuscation score (around 0.75-0.9) is justified, and malware risk remains low (around 0.2-0.4), with higher concern in the most suspicious report. The overall security risk is moderate, especially in the context of obfuscation and external dependencies.",
  "conclusion": "The script functions as a complex SAP GUI automation tool with significant obfuscation. No direct malicious activity is detected, but the obfuscation, dynamic GUI element handling, and undefined variables warrant caution. It is likely legitimate but should be further verified, de-obfuscated, and monitored during execution to confirm benign intent.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.85,
  "malware": 0.4,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}