{
  "purpose": "The script defines a setup configuration for a Python package named 'prime-math', including custom installation behavior.",
  "sources": "Reading 'README.md' file for long_description, importing 'meta' module, and using the 'setup' function with package data.",
  "sinks": "No apparent sinks that process untrusted data; the code primarily configures package setup.",
  "flows": "Reading the README file to set long_description; importing 'meta' module; executing setup with custom command class.",
  "anomalies": "The 'meta' module is imported from a parent directory, which could indicate dependency on external or custom code. The 'Metaclass' is used as a metaclass for 'MeInstall', but its implementation is not shown; this could be benign or suspicious depending on its content. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up a Python package using setuptools. It reads a README file, extends the install command with a custom class 'MeInstall' that uses 'Metaclass' as its metaclass. The 'meta' module is imported from a parent directory, which is unusual but not inherently malicious. There are no signs of data leaks, code injection, or malicious behavior. The script does not perform any network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration. The only potential concern is the use of an external 'meta' module and 'Metaclass', but without their implementation, this cannot be confirmed malicious. Overall, the code appears to be standard package setup with some customizations.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a typical setup script for a Python package with a custom installation class. There are no signs of malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided code. The main concern is the external 'meta' module and 'Metaclass' usage, which are not inherently malicious but could warrant further review if their content is suspicious.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}