{
  "purpose": "The code appears to import functions and modules from the 'sympy' library and a local module named 'core'. It also defines a version string. Its purpose seems to be mathematical or symbolic computation within a larger package.",
  "sources": "Imports from 'sympy' (sqrt, Symbol, LIBepIQANrhhTAYaRxtInDMcYiHAClvd) and local module (.core). The version string is a string assignment.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present; there are no functions or operations that process untrusted input or output data to external systems.",
  "flows": "No data flow from sources to sinks is observed. The imports and variable assignment are static and do not process runtime input.",
  "anomalies": "The import 'LIBepIQANrhhTAYaRxtInDMcYiHAClvd' appears to be an obfuscated or randomly named symbol, which is unusual and could be used to hide malicious intent. The code also imports a local module with a seemingly random name, which could be suspicious if the module is unverified. The version string is a typical package version.",
  "analysis": "The code imports specific functions from 'sympy', a legitimate symbolic mathematics library, which is standard for mathematical code. The inclusion of an obfuscated or nonsensical symbol 'LIBepIQANrhhTAYaRxtInDMcYiHAClvd' from 'sympy' is unusual and warrants caution, as it could be a placeholder or malicious backdoor. The local import from '.core' with a seemingly random module name could suggest obfuscation or concealment. The version string is standard. There are no evident data flows, input handling, or output operations. The code itself is minimal but contains signs that warrant further scrutiny for hidden behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is mainly benign in appearance, but the presence of obfuscated import symbols and non-standard module names suggests potential concealment or malicious intent. Without additional context or runtime analysis, the suspicious import warrants caution. Overall, the code is not overtly malicious but exhibits anomalies that should be investigated further.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}