{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and session management for launching and handling Playwright browsers and contexts in a robotic automation environment, with configuration options for headless mode, browser engine, and persistent contexts.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (RPA_HEADLESS_MODE, PLAYWRIGHT_BROWSERS_PATH), configuration functions (browser_config()), and function parameters (kwargs in launch functions).",
  "sinks": "Browser launch methods, environment variable settings, and context/page creation functions, which could handle untrusted data or inputs if externally manipulated.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and configuration functions influence browser options; launch functions pass options to Playwright API; context and page creation potentially handle untrusted input for browser contexts and pages.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code present. Use of environment variables for configuration is standard. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. The code handles browser setup and teardown without malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages browser instances via Playwright, with functions to handle headless settings, browser types, and contexts. It uses environment variables for configuration, which is typical for flexible setup. No data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or malicious system modifications are present. Error handling is appropriate for missing browsers. It manages resources properly, closing browsers and contexts after use. There is no code injection, data leakage, or hidden functionality evident. All functions appear to serve legitimate purposes within a testing or automation framework.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for managing Playwright browsers in an automation context. It does not contain any malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. Its use of environment variables and configuration options aligns with normal practice. No security risks or malicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}