{
  "purpose": "The code provides CLI commands for creating dashboards and formatting SQL files, primarily interacting with Databricks APIs and local file system.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include command-line arguments, environment variables, and local SQL files. Data is read from files during formatting and from user inputs during command execution.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include opening URLs in the web browser and writing formatted SQL back to files. The dashboard URL is obtained from a function and passed to webbrowser.open().",
  "flows": "Input parameters (folder paths, flags) are processed, leading to reading SQL files and potentially opening a URL in a web browser. Data flows from file reads and user inputs to function calls, and in some cases to external applications via webbrowser.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious or obfuscated code is detected. The use of webbrowser.open() with a URL derived from a dashboard object could pose a privacy concern if dashboard URLs are malicious, but this is dependent on external API integrity, not code itself.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard and third-party modules, uses command decorators, and interacts with external APIs. It processes user parameters, reads and writes local files, and optionally opens URLs. The use of webbrowser with dynamically obtained URLs could potentially be abused if dashboard URLs are manipulated, but the code itself does not contain malicious logic or backdoors. No obfuscation or malicious payloads are evident. The code seems to serve legitimate functions within a data management context.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate, intended for dashboard creation and SQL formatting within a Databricks environment. No malicious behavior or supply chain attacks are evident. The primary concern is the potential misuse of webbrowser.open() with externally obtained URLs, but this is context-dependent. Overall, the code shows no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}