{
  "purpose": "The code provides CLI commands for creating dashboards and formatting SQL files, primarily interacting with Databricks workspace and dashboards.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include file system reads (Path objects, read_text()), command-line parameters (folder paths, publish/open flags), and environment/context from Databricks SDK.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include webbrowser.open() for opening URLs, print() for outputting dashboard IDs, and file write operations for formatted SQL files.",
  "flows": "Input sources (file reading, command arguments) flow into processing functions (dashboard creation, SQL formatting). Dashboard URLs are generated and optionally opened in a web browser, and SQL files are overwritten after formatting.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious URL manipulations, or malicious behavior observed. Usage of webbrowser.open() is benign if URLs are trusted, but could be exploited if dashboard URLs are manipulated externally. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code interacts with external services via the Databricks SDK and performs file I/O operations. It uses standard libraries and functions without any obfuscated or malicious code. The webbrowser.open() call could be misused if dashboard URLs are compromised, but within normal operation, this is not malicious. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The SQL formatting appears to be legitimate processing. Overall, the code performs expected dashboard and SQL file management functions without evidence of malicious intent or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate CLI tool for managing dashboards and SQL files in a Databricks environment. No malicious or suspicious behavior detected. The only minor concern is the use of webbrowser.open() which could potentially be exploited if dashboard URLs are manipulated externally, but this is a standard operation in such tools.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}