{
  "purpose": "Provides CLI commands for creating dashboards and formatting SQL files within a Databricks environment.",
  "sources": "Path inputs for folders and files, dashboard URL generation via lakeview_dashboards.get_url(), user inputs for publish and open_browser flags.",
  "sinks": "webbrowser.open() with dashboard URL, file read_text() and write_text() for SQL formatting.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (folder, flags) influence dashboard creation and URL opening; file paths influence SQL formatting; URL generated from dashboard ID is opened in browser.",
  "anomalies": "Use of webbrowser.open() could be exploited if URLs are manipulated externally; no input validation for paths or URLs; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code performs legitimate dashboard creation and SQL formatting, with external SDKs and standard libraries. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The only potential concern is the URL opening via webbrowser.open(), which could be exploited if dashboard URLs are compromised or manipulated. The code constructs URLs internally, reducing risk, but the operation itself could be misused in untrusted environments. Scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, and a low security risk (~0.2) are justified given the straightforward nature. The code does not contain any suspicious or malicious logic, and the use of external SDKs appears standard. Input validation is not explicitly performed, but given the context, this is not an immediate vulnerability. Overall, the code is safe with minimal risk, primarily related to URL handling, which is common in such tools.",
  "conclusion": "The code is legitimate, straightforward, and does not contain malicious or obfuscated code. The primary concern is the potential misuse of webbrowser.open() if URLs are manipulated externally, but within the current context, this is a low risk. The malware score is 0, obfuscated is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.2, consistent with the analysis. Implementing URL validation could further mitigate any external manipulation concerns, but as it stands, the code is safe and suitable for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}