{
  "purpose": "The code provides command-line functionalities for creating dashboards and formatting SQL files in a workspace environment, primarily interacting with Databricks APIs.",
  "sources": "User-supplied paths for folder and exclude parameters, environment variables via the webbrowser module (which uses the system's default browser), and potentially external SQL files read from disk.",
  "sinks": "webbrowser.open() function to launch a URL in the default system browser, file.write_text() to overwrite SQL files, and potentially any network calls made by the Dashboard creation process (though not visible here).",
  "flows": "Input paths and parameters are processed to generate dashboards or format SQL files; dashboard URL generated and opened via webbrowser; SQL files read and rewritten after formatting.",
  "anomalies": "Use of webbrowser.open() could be used maliciously to open malicious URLs if dashboard URLs are compromised, but in typical use, this is benign. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code structures are observed. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code interacts with external APIs (Databricks SDK) and local files. It constructs dashboards and formats SQL files, with no apparent insecure data handling or malicious logic. The webbrowser module is used to open URLs, which could be misused if URLs are manipulated but is standard for this context. The overall logic appears to be straightforward, with no hidden or malicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident. The use of environment variables is indirect via modules but not explicitly insecure. The code's operations are typical of dashboard management and SQL formatting tools.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for managing dashboards and formatting SQL files within a Databricks environment. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. Use of webbrowser is standard and controlled. Overall security risks are low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}