{
  "purpose": "The code appears to set up constants, configuration, and utility functions for a Python library related to data modeling and RDF/ontology management within the Cognite NEAT framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules, package files (__file__ and Path), and environment detection functions (_is_in_notebook, _is_in_browser).",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks are present; no data is transmitted or written to external systems or network endpoints.",
  "flows": "There are no evident data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks; the code primarily initializes constants and configuration data.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains environment detection functions (e.g., _is_in_notebook, _is_in_browser), which are common for environment-aware behavior but not suspicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code mostly comprises static data definitions and namespace setups, which are standard for such a module.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard and third-party modules (re, pathlib, typing, rdflib, cognite.client). It defines environment detection functions that check for IPython or pyodide contexts, which are benign. It sets up constants for package directories, model identifiers, namespaces, and property configurations. No user input or external data is read during runtime, nor are there any network operations, file writes, or dynamic code execution. The code’s structure and content do not suggest malicious intent, nor do they contain obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. The code is purely configuration and setup logic typical for a data modeling library.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign configuration and utility setup module for the Cognite NEAT data modeling framework. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious code patterns, and no security risks. It mainly initializes constants, environment detection, and namespace configurations. No signs of malware or security threats are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}