{
  "purpose": "This code sets up configurations, imports, utility functions, constants, and namespace definitions for the NEAT library related to data modeling, RDF handling, and Cognite data structures.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment-specific modules (IPython, pyodide), library files (`neat.__file__`), and some configuration data embedded as constants.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks such as network operations, file writing, or data exfiltration points are present. No untrusted data handling or external communication is observed.",
  "flows": "The code primarily initializes constants, defines functions for environment detection, and sets up static data structures; no data flows from sources to sinks with processing logic.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscated logic, or hidden backdoors are detected. The functions for environment detection are standard and safe. The constants and imports are typical for configuration purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code performs environment checks for Jupyter notebooks and browser contexts, which are standard utilities. It defines various namespaces, constants, and configuration limits related to data modeling, with no indication of malicious behavior. No external data or inputs are processed dynamically, and no suspicious network or file operations are present. The usage of standard libraries and explicit imports suggests transparent code, not obfuscated or malicious. All data structures appear to be static configuration or setup routines for the larger application. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious intent are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a configuration and setup module with environment detection utilities. It contains no malicious code, backdoors, or security risks. It appears to be standard, well-structured initialization code with no suspicious or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}