{
  "purpose": "The code defines utility functions, constants, and configurations for managing RDF namespaces, Cognite data models, and properties within the NEAT library, which is used for handling semantic data and data modeling tasks.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the imported modules (e.g., 'neat', 'cognite.client'), environment detection functions ('_is_in_notebook', '_is_in_browser'), and configuration variables such as 'PACKAGE_DIRECTORY'. It also accesses class attributes and predefined property dictionaries.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain explicit sinks that handle untrusted data for sensitive operations. No network communication, file writing, or execution of untrusted input is present.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows indicating handling of untrusted input that could lead to vulnerabilities or malicious activity.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains environment detection functions to check for notebook or browser context, which is common and benign. It defines a set of static constants, configuration, and namespace definitions without any suspicious logic or obfuscation. No hardcoded credentials, secret tokens, or backdoors are evident. The code does not perform any external network requests or execute untrusted code.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up static configuration, namespace definitions, environment detection, and property management for the NEAT library and Cognite data models. No dynamic input handling, network communication, or code execution based on untrusted input is present. The environment detection functions for notebooks and browsers are safe and standard. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or malicious payloads. Overall, the code appears to be a typical setup or configuration module for a data modeling library, with no malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a configuration and utility setup for the NEAT library related to RDF namespaces, Cognite models, and environment detection. It does not contain any malicious behavior, suspicious code, or security vulnerabilities. Its purpose is to support the data modeling framework without introducing security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}