{
  "purpose": "This code is a test suite for the Preppy templating engine, designed to generate and verify HTML outputs based on sample templates and data inputs.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables ('PREPPY_OVERRIDE_STDOUT'), file system operations (os.environ, os.listdir, os.path, glob), input files (sample*.prep), and string data within tests.",
  "sinks": "Writing to output files (HTML files), file deletion, and potentially printing debug info (print statements). No untrusted input is processed into dangerous commands or code execution.",
  "flows": "Environment variables are temporarily set in a wrapper; test functions invoke 'processTest' which loads modules and writes output to files; file system operations read and delete files; no untrusted data is executed as code or sent over networks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code; the code manipulates environment variables but only for test purposes; no obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution. Usage of 'del os.environ[...]' could be risky if misused, but within a controlled test context, it is benign.",
  "analysis": "The script is a structured test suite that loads sample templates, runs them with predefined dictionaries, and outputs HTML files. It manipulates environment variables temporarily, reads and deletes files, and constructs modules from source strings. All operations are within testing boundaries. No indications of malware, malicious data leakage, or harmful behavior are present. The code's primary function is to verify the correctness of the Preppy engine, with no network operations or data exfiltration activities. The code does not contain obfuscation, malicious payloads, or suspicious logic beyond standard testing procedures.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, benign test suite for the Preppy templating system. It does not exhibit malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It solely performs file operations, environment variable manipulations, and test executions within a controlled environment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}