{
  "purpose": "This code implements an SSE (Server-Sent Events) client to handle streaming data from an event source, specifically processing event streams and JSON data.",
  "sources": "The code reads from '_event_source', which is an input stream or object providing chunks of data (e.g., network response or file). It also accesses headers via '_event_source.headers'.",
  "sinks": "The code processes data within the 'Event' class and potentially passes data to downstream consumers via 'yield'. No direct data sinks are present within this code snippet that lead to data exfiltration or system compromise.",
  "flows": "Data flows from '_event_source' into '_read()', then into '_handle_sse()' or '_handle_json()'. Parsed events are yielded for further processing. No data is written or sent elsewhere in this code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data manipulations are evident. The code appears to implement standard SSE parsing behavior. Comments indicate future plans for refactoring but do not introduce malicious patterns. No obfuscation or hidden code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes an SSE client to read and parse streaming data. It reads chunks from '_event_source', splits and decodes lines, and constructs 'Event' objects based on the received data. It handles different 'Content-Type' headers, parsing either SSE or JSON data accordingly. The event processing includes ignoring comments, empty lines, and events with no data, conforming to SSE standards. No unsafe code, no dynamic code execution, and no data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code is well-structured and follows expected patterns for SSE client implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard implementation of an SSE client for handling server-sent event streams and JSON data. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. It does not process or leak sensitive data, nor does it contain obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. Overall, the code is safe with a very low malware risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}