{
  "purpose": "The code provides a utility function 'wait_for_it' to repeatedly invoke a callback until a condition is met or a timeout occurs, with configurable delay, interval, and timeout parameters.",
  "sources": "Reads input data primarily from function parameters, especially the 'looper' callback, 'wctx' (WaitContext), and optional arguments like 'largs' and 'lkwargs'. It also reads configuration constants from 'automojo.waiting.constants'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write to external systems, perform network operations, execute system commands, or handle sensitive data directly. No external data sinks are identified.",
  "flows": "Input from 'looper' callback and context parameters flows into the wait loop, which repeatedly invokes 'looper' until success or timeout, with state updates via 'wctx'. There are no external flows beyond function calls and sleep delays.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors are present. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected. Usage of time.sleep for delays is standard. No external or malicious data handling appears involved.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a wait/retry pattern with configurable parameters and a context object for managing wait state. It relies on a callback for condition checking, uses sleep for delays, and raises a TimeoutError if the condition isn't met within the timeout. No malicious patterns, external data leaks, or obfuscated behaviors are evident. It appears to be a utility function intended for synchronization within larger systems.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility function for implementing wait/retry logic. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, data leaks, or malicious behaviors. It does not perform any network, file, or system modifications beyond standard delays and callback invocations.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}