{
  "purpose": "The code implements custom Django admin range filters and widgets, primarily for date and numeric filtering, with obfuscated class and variable names. It facilitates filtering in Django admin interfaces without external system calls or malicious behavior.",
  "sources": "Reads request parameters, form data, class attributes, and settings to construct query filters and manage filter widgets.",
  "sinks": "Constructs query filter dictionaries used in Django ORM filtering; no external system or network interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Source data (request, form data, class attributes) flows into filter construction and widget rendering, ultimately producing query parameters for Django ORM filtering.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated class and variable names, dynamic attribute access via getattr, and superficial obfuscation of code structure. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated but follows standard Django admin extension patterns for range filtering. It reads from request and form data, constructs filter querysets, and manages widget rendering with no external calls or malicious payloads. The obfuscation appears superficial, likely for code concealment or organization, not malicious intent. No signs of code injection, data leakage, or system compromise are present. The use of try-except for optional imports and dynamic attribute access is typical in Django extensions. Overall, the code is consistent with legitimate Django admin customization, with no malicious or security-threatening behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, if obfuscated, implementation of Django admin range filters and widgets. There is no evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious activity. The obfuscation is superficial and does not indicate malicious intent. Security risk is minimal, and malware score should remain at 0.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}