{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define custom Django admin filters and form widgets for date and numeric range filtering, along with some utility classes for static assets and timezone handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from Django request objects, form cleaned data, and admin filter parameters. It also accesses settings and possibly model admin attributes for dynamic behavior.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates query parameters for filtering data, and generates HTML for rendering widgets. No direct data leaks or system effects are evident.",
  "flows": "Input flows from request parameters into filter validation and query construction. Data from forms is validated and used to filter queryset objects. Static assets are referenced for frontend filtering UI.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are evident. Obfuscated variable names are used throughout, which is unusual but not necessarily malicious. The code relies heavily on dynamic attribute access and string formatting for filter keys.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several custom filter classes for date and numeric ranges, and a widget class for rendering date inputs. It dynamically constructs query parameters for filtering based on user input, with methods to generate form fields and HTML templates. The import structure includes optional modules like pytz and csp, which could be used for timezone handling or Content Security Policy, but are imported with fallback variables. No external network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration behaviors are present. The variable naming is intentionally obfuscated, which raises suspicion about potential concealment of malicious intent, but no malicious code is executed or invoked.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a set of Django admin filter utilities with no evidence of malicious behavior. Its obfuscated variable names suggest an attempt to hide intent, but functionally it performs standard filtering operations. There is no indication of malware or security risks based on this fragment alone.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}