{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define custom Django admin filters and widgets for date and range filtering in a web application's admin interface, facilitating user input and data filtering functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from request parameters, form inputs, and class attributes (such as model admin methods for default values and titles).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include usage of form fields for date and number inputs, and processing of query parameters for filtering database queries.",
  "flows": "Input flows from request parameters or form submissions into form validation and then into filter query construction; data flows from user input (request parameters) into filter methods that generate query conditions for database filtering.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated class and variable names, non-standard string formatting, and dynamic attribute access (getattr). There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activities. Usage of try-except for optional imports is standard. The code does not perform any network connections, file modifications, or system commands. Some dynamic form and filter creation may be complex but appear legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines custom Django admin filter classes with methods for dynamic filtering based on range inputs (dates, numbers, floats). It employs obfuscated naming, likely for code organization or obfuscation purposes but does not introduce malicious logic. It handles user input, generates forms for date and number ranges, and constructs query parameters accordingly. No suspicious or malicious behaviors, such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors, are evident. The usage of dynamic attribute access and obfuscated variable names could complicate manual review but does not inherently imply malicious intent. The code does not execute external code, system commands, or network requests. Its structure aligns with legitimate Django admin customization patterns.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the detailed review, the code is a set of Django admin filters and widgets designed for filtering data within the admin interface. It contains obfuscated naming but no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate component for enhancing Django admin filtering capabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}