{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define custom Django admin filters and widgets for date and numeric range filtering, with some auxiliary classes for handling JavaScript inclusion and rendering.",
  "sources": "The code reads from Django settings, imported modules, request parameters, and class attributes (e.g., get_rangefilter_* methods). It also accesses form data and query parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe data flows involve the use of form.cleaned_data to filter querysets and the construction of query strings for URL parameters. The code does not directly execute untrusted input but constructs query filters based on request data.",
  "flows": "Input from request parameters flows into form validation, then into filter query construction, which is used to filter database querysets. There are no external system calls, network connections, or command executions based on input data.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated class and variable names, but no hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. No suspicious network or file operations are present. The use of dynamic attribute access (getattr) is common in Django admin customizations and does not inherently indicate malicious intent. The presence of conditional import fallbacks and version checks is typical for compatibility. No backdoors, hidden code, or malicious behavior are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines custom range filter classes for date and numeric fields within Django admin, with functions for rendering filter widgets and processing request parameters. It employs standard Django form classes, utilizes request data for filtering, and constructs query parameters. There is no evidence of malicious data exfiltration, code injection, or network activity. The obfuscation appears superficial, mainly due to variable and class name mangling, not malicious encoding. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code appears consistent with secure Django admin customizations without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the detailed review, the code is a standard implementation of custom range filters for Django admin with obfuscated naming. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}