{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of classes for creating custom Jinja2 template tags, including standalone, container, and inclusion tags, with parsing and rendering logic.",
  "sources": "Input sources include the parser.stream (reading tokens and arguments), method parameters, and class attributes such as context, template, lineno, and tag_name.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods that render templates, call other methods like 'render' or 'render_wrapper', and template rendering functions such as 'template.render'.",
  "flows": "Data flows from parser.stream and method arguments into parsing functions, then into rendering functions that generate template nodes and ultimately render content via template.render().",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The code appears to be a standard implementation of Jinja2 extension classes. Warning about deprecated 'output' method suggests legacy compatibility but not malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a framework for custom Jinja2 tags, with parsing and rendering logic structured around standard template extension practices. It uses method calls to 'render' and 'render_wrapper' for rendering output, which are typical extension points. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or obfuscated code is present. The code relies on external template environment and context objects, which are standard. The deprecation warning for 'output' indicates ongoing maintenance but not malicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets or malicious control flows are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate framework for defining custom Jinja2 template tags. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malicious data flows, or suspicious patterns. The presence of a deprecation warning suggests it is maintained code, not obfuscated or malicious. Overall security risk is minimal, with no indications of malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}