{
  "purpose": "Define a set of base classes and implementations for custom Jinja2 template tags, including standalone, container, and inclusion tags, with parsing and rendering logic.",
  "sources": "Parser stream for tag name, arguments, and options; methods like render_wrapper and render that can be overridden; environment object for template selection; context object for data access.",
  "sinks": "Template rendering via environment.get_template and template.render; dynamic method calls (call_method); assignment nodes; context data access.",
  "flows": "Input arguments from parser stream -> parse_args method -> create_node method -> call_method('render_wrapper') -> render method -> template rendering.",
  "anomalies": "Use of deprecated warning, but no malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious hardcoded data. No network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors present. Dynamic template selection is standard in Jinja2. No obfuscated or unusual code patterns; straightforward class design.",
  "analysis": "The code implements custom Jinja2 extension classes for handling template tags with parsing, node creation, and rendering. It uses standard Jinja2 features such as nodes, parser, and environment, with no signs of malicious activity. The use of call_method to invoke 'render_wrapper' and subsequent render calls are part of expected extension behavior. No suspicious input sources or sinks like network access, file manipulation, or secret extraction are present. The deprecation warning indicates an evolving codebase, but this is not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate template extension framework without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of Jinja2 template tag extensions with no signs of malicious or suspicious behavior. It functions as intended for rendering custom tags and does not perform any harmful operations or data leaks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}