{
  "purpose": "Create a data package with inferred schemas from provided resource file paths.",
  "sources": "The resource_paths list, which supplies file paths for schema inference.",
  "sinks": "The dp.infer(path) calls, which read and process files at the given paths.",
  "flows": "Iterating over resource_paths and passing each path directly to dp.infer without validation.",
  "anomalies": "Absence of input validation on resource_paths; straightforward code with no obfuscation or malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a Package object with fixed name and schema, then iterates over resource_paths, calling dp.infer(path) for each. No validation or sanitization is performed on the paths, which could lead to processing malicious or malformed files if resource_paths are untrusted. The code relies on the external datapackage library's infer method, which reads files at the specified paths. No signs of hardcoded secrets, network activity, obfuscation, or malicious behavior are present. The security concern is primarily the lack of input validation, but this is a common pattern in utility functions. The malware score is 0, as no malicious actions are evident. The obfuscated score is 0, given the straightforward code. The risk score is around 0.2, reflecting minor concern about untrusted input without active malicious intent. The confidence score is high (around 0.9), as the analysis is based on the code's structure and behavior. Overall, the code is benign, with minimal security risks primarily related to input validation, which does not constitute an active vulnerability.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple, benign utility for creating a data package from resource files. It does not contain malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious logic. The main security consideration is the lack of resource path validation, which could be exploited if resource_paths are untrusted, but this is a common pattern and not an active threat. The assigned scores are appropriate: malware 0, obfuscated 0, risk around 0.2. Minor improvements could include validating resource paths to enhance security, but overall, the code is safe and trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}