{
  "purpose": "This code provides background tasks and utility functions for managing file instances, multipart uploads, progress updates, and cleanup in a file storage system within a web application.",
  "sources": "Data inputs originate from database queries (e.g., fetching FileInstance and MultipartObject records), function arguments (UUIDs, configuration values), and external task triggers (via Celery).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include database write operations, copying/moving file contents, updating task states, and invoking cleanup or delete functions which could affect system or file integrity.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (database queries, function args) through internal logic and functions, reaching sinks like database updates or file operations. For example, file IDs from arguments are used to fetch records, which then trigger file copying or deletion. Progress updates flow from functions updating task state, and cleanup tasks invoke deletion functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code includes obfuscated variable and function names, but their behavior appears consistent with standard file and task management. The use of dynamic code execution or obfuscation is minimal, just variable naming that may obscure intent, but no malicious obfuscation techniques are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement standard background task workflows for file management, including multipart uploads, progress reporting, cleanup of expired multipart objects, and file deletion. It interacts with database models and external services (via Celery) in a typical manner. No suspicious network activity, credential theft, or system sabotage is evident. The obfuscation in variable/function names is likely for code protection but does not suggest malicious intent. The use of standard libraries and patterns, such as database transactions and task retries, indicates typical secure design practices. There are no signs of backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious code execution.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily concerned with file management, cleanup, and background processing tasks, with no clear indicators of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. The obfuscated variable names are a potential attempt at obscurity but do not imply malicious intent. Overall, the code appears legitimate, with no security risks identified beyond standard operational concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}