{
  "purpose": "This code manages file processing tasks, including file verification, merging multipart uploads, copying file contents, and cleaning up expired multipart uploads, primarily for a file storage system integrated with Celery, Flask, SQLAlchemy, and custom models.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters, database queries (FileInstance, MultipartObject), and configuration settings.",
  "sinks": "Database update and commit operations, copying or merging file contents, network calls via delay tasks, and sending signals upon file upload completion.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> database fetches (FileInstance, MultipartObject) -> processing logic (merging, copying, validation) -> database commit/rollback -> task scheduling (delays, group tasks) -> signal sending.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets. Use of dynamic imports or obfuscated code is not present. The only notable aspect is the use of string-based function and variable names, which could be a form of obfuscation, but appears consistent with generated or obscured identifiers. No suspicious network activity or hidden backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code performs file management functions, including updating file states, copying file contents, merging multipart uploads, and cleaning expired uploads, all within expected operational context. No code injection, data leakage, or insecure handling of environment variables is detected. It uses standard libraries, ORM operations, and Celery task scheduling. No hardcoded credentials or malicious network calls are present. The dynamic function naming and variable names are likely auto-generated or obfuscated, but do not necessarily indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate application logic for a file management system, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is focused on file management tasks within a web application context. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The structure and behavior are consistent with legitimate functionality. No security risks are evident beyond standard operational concerns for database and file handling. The code appears safe for use, with a high confidence that it does not contain malicious or obfuscated malicious code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}