{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to encrypt and decrypt Python scripts using the TokenCryptor, and to generate a main script for decryption and execution.",
  "sources": "Reads input Python files specified by the user, reads and processes import statements from input files, and reads content of files for encryption/decryption.",
  "sinks": "Writes encrypted/decrypted content to output files and generates a 'mainscript.pyw' that executes decrypted code via 'exec'.",
  "flows": "Input file content is read (source), processed (encryption or decryption), and written to output files. When encrypting, the code generates a main script that decrypts and executes code at runtime using 'exec' and 'TokenCryptor.decrypt'.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'exec' on dynamically decrypted code at runtime, which can be dangerous if the encrypted content is malicious. The code generates a script ('mainscript.pyw') that decrypts and executes code without validation. The encrypted code is stored as a string with newlines replaced by spaces, which might complicate manual review but isn't inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script encrypts Python code, excluding import lines, using an external 'TokenCryptor'. When in encrypt mode, it creates a main script that decrypts and executes the code at runtime. This pattern enables obfuscation and dynamic execution, which can be abused if malicious code is encrypted. The 'exec' call, especially when used on decrypted code without validation, poses a significant security risk, as it allows arbitrary code execution. No hardcoded credentials or malicious network activity are present. The reliance on runtime decryption and execution could be exploited to hide malicious payloads or backdoors. The overall structure and code logic are straightforward and typical for code obfuscation tools, but the use of 'exec' warrants caution.",
  "conclusion": "The code itself appears to be a legitimate obfuscation utility that encrypts and decrypts Python scripts, generating an executable main script that decrypts and runs code at runtime. However, the use of 'exec' on dynamically decrypted code introduces a significant security concern, especially if the encrypted content is malicious or maliciously manipulated. The code does not contain explicit malicious behavior or backdoors but can be exploited for malicious purposes through its design.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 3
}