{
  "purpose": "The code performs molecular simulation workflows involving QM/MM calculations, RMSD analysis, and cycle iterations, primarily for computational chemistry purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads input files such as 'qmmm.crd', 'qmmm.top', 'F.pdb', 'extend', 'qmmm_int', 'qmmm_tem', 'cpp', 'bo', 'clean', and data files through 'read_dat'.",
  "sinks": "Executes system commands with os.system(), writes to various files ('sum-all.sh', 'dis.dat', 'dis_plot.dat'), and calls external programs (sander_run, sander_run_cyc, cpptraj).",
  "flows": "Data flows from input files to variable assignments, then through system calls and file writes, influencing subsequent execution of external commands and simulations.",
  "anomalies": "Uses multiple os.system() calls with string interpolation, which could be manipulated if input data is compromised. No hardcoded secrets are present. No obfuscated code features detected. Commented-out code does not pose risk. External script and data file writing may be misused if inputs are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code orchestrates a simulation cycle with multiple iterations, writing configuration files, creating directories, and invoking external programs (e.g., sander_run, cpptraj). It uses tqdm for progress tracking and manages workflow via system commands. No indications of hidden or malicious code are present. The script relies on external files and user inputs but does not process untrusted external data at runtime in a way that would introduce malicious behavior. It appears designed for standard scientific computation workflows. However, the use of os.system() with interpolated strings without input sanitization can be a security concern if inputs are compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a typical computational workflow with no overt malicious behavior or backdoors. The primary security concern lies in the use of os.system() with string interpolation, which could be exploited if input files or variables are maliciously modified. Overall, it is a legitimate scientific automation script with moderate risk if inputs are untrusted.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 3
}