{
  "purpose": "This code implements a multiprocessing worker pool system for processing data streams in parallel, managing worker lifecycle, and handling task ordering.",
  "sources": "Input data stream via 'stream' parameter in semi_ordered_map; data read from input_queue and output from output_queue.",
  "sinks": "Data written to output_queue; potential to leak data if untrusted data is processed or if exceptions expose sensitive information.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input stream into the input_queue, then processed by worker instances which pass results to output_queue, then retrieved by the main process.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Usage of multiprocessing queues and processes is standard. No unusual code constructs or behaviors observed. The code handles exceptions broadly, but does not log sensitive data or perform external network communication. No cryptic or misleading variable names.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a multiprocessing worker pool, with functions to start worker processes, handle task distribution, and manage process lifecycle. It uses shared memory for worker count, queues for data passing, and supports ordered and semi-ordered processing. Exception handling appears standard, with logging and clean shutdown procedures. No indications of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The use of 'deepcopy' and standard multiprocessing modules suggests typical multi-process control flow. No code injection, environment variable misuse, or unsafe SQL are present. The code's structure is clear, and it does not contain obfuscated or misleading code elements.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a parallel worker processing system. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It handles multiprocessing safely and efficiently without evident security flaws or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}