{
  "purpose": "The code implements a multiprocessing framework to run worker processes that process items from an input queue and produce results on an output queue, with support for ordered mapping and process management.",
  "sources": "Input data stream fed into the 'semi_ordered_map' method, which puts items into the input queue for worker processes.",
  "sinks": "Output queue where processed items are retrieved, potential error signals from worker processes, and internal shared values such as 'num_active_workers' which could potentially be manipulated if accessed improperly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input stream into 'input_queue', processed by worker processes calling 'worker.process()', results placed in 'output_queue', then retrieved and yielded by 'semi_ordered_map' and 'ordered_map'.",
  "anomalies": "The code largely uses standard multiprocessing patterns with no hardcoded secrets or suspicious data handling. Use of 'deepcopy' for kwargs is benign. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution observed. The only potential concern is the clean termination and error handling, but it appears standard and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a multiprocessing framework for distributed processing, utilizing Python's 'multiprocessing' library with queues and process management. It includes proper process start, monitoring, error handling, and clean shutdown procedures. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious external connections are present. The queues and shared values are used for process coordination and are standard practice. The code's structure and variable usage are typical for such frameworks, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious logic. The only notable aspect is thorough error and process health management, which is consistent with robust multiprocessing design. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured multiprocessing utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a multiprocessing framework for processing data streams with worker processes. It employs standard practices for process management, queue handling, and error checking. No malicious behavior, supply chain sabotage, or suspicious activity is evident. The code is benign and aligns with typical multiprocessing patterns, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}