{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for reading and processing GFF/GTF files in genomic analysis, including parsing attributes, organizing features, and creating data structures for analysis.",
  "sources": "File input via GFF_Reader, attribute strings, and line iteration; potential external data if files are supplied.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks of untrusted data are present; the code primarily reads and processes data for analysis without external output or network communication.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input files or iterators through parsing functions into internal data structures like GenomicFeature, dictionaries, and GenomicArrayOfSets, with attribute and feature filtering based on user queries.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The use of regex for attribute parsing is standard. No evidence of obfuscation, hidden backdoors, or malicious behaviors. No dynamic code execution or external communication is detected. No suspicious file handling or data leaks are present.",
  "analysis": "The script focuses on genomic data parsing and organization with careful attribute handling and error checking. It includes standard regex-based parsing, file reading, and data structure creation. There are no functions or code blocks that perform network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration. Error handling is standard, and all input handling appears consistent with genomic data processing. The code relies on standard modules and HTSeq library functions without suspicious or obfuscated constructs. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or unusual behaviors are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for genomic data parsing and feature organization, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs standard file and data handling functions without external communication or suspicious operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}