{
  "purpose": "Define paginators for AWS DMS service client to facilitate iteration over paginated API responses with type annotations.",
  "sources": "Type definitions imported from .type_defs, sys.version_info for Python version check, and the method parameters for paginate functions, which accept untrusted input via **kwargs.",
  "sinks": "The 'paginate' methods accept **kwargs that could include untrusted data; however, these are passed directly to underlying AWS SDK methods, which are designed to handle such input securely. No other direct data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input via **kwargs flows into the 'paginate' methods; these are passed to boto3's paginator.paginate() internally, which processes the request parameters. No evidence of unsafe data handling or leaks.",
  "anomalies": "The code strictly defines type annotations and paginator classes without any suspicious or obfuscated constructs. All classes are straightforward, inheriting from Paginator, and only override 'paginate' with proper type annotations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code provides structured, type-annotated definitions of paginator classes for the boto3 DMS client. Each class extends the Paginator base, overrides 'paginate' with type annotations using Unpack, and includes references to AWS documentation URLs. The imports and code structure appear standard for generated or hand-written type stubs, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior. The only data input is via method parameters which are safely passed to the boto3 SDK. There are no signs of code injection, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration pathways.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a secure, well-structured set of paginator class definitions for AWS DMS, serving as type annotations and documentation. No malicious activity, backdoors, or security risks are detected. It is a benign, non-obfuscated code stub implementation designed for type safety.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}