{
  "purpose": "A Python wrapper for the SOPS encryption/decryption tool, providing methods to manage encrypted files.",
  "sources": "Input sources include file paths provided to the constructor, optional config files, and parameters such as extract, in_place, input_type, output, output_type. Data is read during decryption and key retrieval.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include subprocess command execution via run_cmd with constructed command lines, and temporary file creation for configs. Data can be written to files or stdout, and commands are executed with constructed arguments.",
  "flows": "Input data (file paths, config, parameters) flows into command construction and temporary config files, then into subprocess execution. Decrypted data is returned as dict or bytes, which may flow back to caller. get() method accesses decrypted data keys.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code constructs; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Use of tempfile with delete=False could potentially expose temporary files, but is standard practice here. No suspicious network activity or data leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a wrapper around the sops CLI tool, constructing command-line arguments based on parameters. It securely resolves file paths, verifies sops binary existence, and runs commands via run_cmd. No embedded or malicious code is present. Usage of temporary files is appropriate for configuration files. The get() method decrypts data for key access, which is standard for such tools. No signs of data leakage, malicious behavior, or sabotage are detected. The code appears designed for legitimate encryption management purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard wrapper for the sops CLI with no malicious or suspicious behavior observed. It performs typical file handling, command execution, and data processing functions securely. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}