{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python wrapper for the SOPS encryption tool, allowing users to encrypt, decrypt, rotate, and access data in encrypted files through Python methods.",
  "sources": "Reads input files specified by the 'file' argument, configuration files via 'config' or 'config_dict', and system environment for executable search via shutil.which.",
  "sinks": "Executes external SOPS binary with constructed command-line arguments, potentially handling decrypted data in memory, returning it to the caller.",
  "flows": "Input files and configuration data flow into the Sops object, which constructs commands and executes them via run_cmd; decrypted or encrypted data flows back from run_cmd to the caller. Data from files is read, processed, and returned as bytes or dicts.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. Use of tempfile.NamedTemporaryFile with delete=False is standard for temporary config files, but requires cleanup (not shown). The code appears straightforward, with no obfuscation or malicious logic. No network operations or suspicious code injections are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard wrapper around the sops command-line tool, handling configuration and file management securely. It verifies the existence of the sops binary before execution, uses standard Python practices for temporary files, and delegates actual encryption/decryption to the external tool. No suspicious or malicious code, such as data exfiltration, network connections, or backdoors, is detected. The handling of decrypted data is limited to return in memory, with no data leaks outside the process. Overall, the code is safe, well-structured, and intended solely for secure file management.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate Python wrapper for SOPS with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It securely manages configurations, executes external commands, and handles encrypted files as intended. No security risks or suspicious behaviors are present based on this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}