{
  "purpose": "Provides PostgreSQL advisory lock management, including timeouts, background lock prioritization, and model locking within Django applications.",
  "sources": "Database connection cursors executing SQL commands, threading for background tasks, function parameters for lock IDs and options.",
  "sinks": "SQL commands for setting lock timeouts, acquiring/releasing advisory locks, model lock SQL statements, threading for background lock handling.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (lock IDs, timeouts) → SQL commands executed via database cursors → threading for background lock prioritization or termination → exception handling and transaction management.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or covert external communications detected. Threading is used for legitimate background lock management.",
  "analysis": "The code manages advisory and table locks in PostgreSQL, with mechanisms for timeouts, transaction safety, and background lock prioritization. It employs standard database commands, threading, and exception handling. No malicious patterns, obfuscation, or suspicious external activity are present. The threading is used for background lock management, which is a common administrative pattern. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets or backdoors. The security implications are minimal, with no evident vulnerabilities or malicious intent. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, low risk ~0.1-0.2) are consistent with the code's functionality and security profile.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured utility for PostgreSQL advisory and table lock management within Django. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities. The threading and SQL commands are standard practices for such utilities. The assigned scores accurately reflect the low threat level and transparency of the code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}