{
  "purpose": "Validator and parser for Terraform/HCL files, performing validation, property management, and variable interpolation.",
  "sources": "File reading from disk, loading HCL and JSON content, environment variables, and input strings.",
  "sinks": "No external network or destructive system actions; primarily validation and data processing.",
  "flows": "Reads files -> loads HCL/JSON -> performs validation and property checks -> variable interpolation.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation, complex string manipulations, dynamic regex, custom exceptions, and variable interpolation that could mask malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated with non-descriptive class and method names, using dynamic string handling, regex, and custom validation logic. It loads Terraform configuration files, parses HCL and JSON, and performs various validation checks on properties and variables. No network activity, file modifications, or system commands indicative of malicious behavior are present. The obfuscation and dynamic handling could be exploited for malicious purposes if inputs are untrusted, but within this fragment, no active malicious actions are evident. The high obfuscation score (around 0.75) is justified by the code's complexity and lack of transparency. The malware score remains at 0, as no malicious activity such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or network connections is detected. The risk score is moderate (~0.3-0.4), reflecting potential misuse due to obfuscation and dynamic input handling, but not active malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a complex, heavily obfuscated Terraform configuration validator. While obfuscation raises suspicion, there is no evidence of active malware or malicious behavior. The high obfuscation score is justified, and the malware score should remain at 0. The moderate risk score accounts for potential misuse if inputs are malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a validation tool with obfuscation that could be exploited but currently does not exhibit malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}