{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a Terraform configuration validator and parser, designed to read, validate, and manipulate Terraform (.tf) files and variables.",
  "sources": "Reads Terraform files from specified directory, loads their content, and parses JSON and HCL data. Uses environment variables and filesystem input.",
  "sinks": "Potentially outputs error messages, raises exceptions, and processes configuration data. Reads files from disk, and processes variable values.",
  "flows": "Reads files → Parses HCL and JSON content → Validates variables and properties → Replaces variable references in strings → Raises assertions or exceptions if validation fails.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of intentionally obfuscated class and variable names. Use of dynamic regex matching and string replacements for variable interpolation. Extensive exception handling with custom exceptions. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious network activity observed. No apparent malicious backdoors or data exfiltration code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a configuration validation tool focused on Terraform files. It performs file reading, HCL parsing, JSON validation, and regex-based variable interpolation. Exception classes suggest focus on validation failures. No suspicious network operations, cryptomining, or data theft routines are present. The obfuscated class and variable names appear to be intentionally complex but serve as part of a configuration validation framework. No code injection, hidden backdoors, or data leaks identified. The code's structure and functions are consistent with a validation library, with no malicious intent inferred.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions as a Terraform configuration validator and interpreter, with obfuscated naming but no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It securely processes configuration files, raises validation errors, and handles variable interpolation, all within normal operational scope. No malicious signals detected; risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}