{
  "purpose": "The code manages sequences of ndcube.NDCube objects, providing methods for slicing, coordinate transformations, plotting, and cropping. It facilitates handling multidimensional data cubes with shared axes and coordinate systems.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'self.data' list of ndcube.NDCube objects, coordinate attributes such as 'global_coords' and 'axis_world_coords', and input parameters for methods like crop and explode_along_axis.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include slicing operations, coordinate transformations, and plotting functions. These could process untrusted input, but no network activity or code injection is present.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (e.g., slicing indices, crop points) flows into slicing, coordinate extraction, and cropping methods, which process data accordingly. Coordinate transformations and plotting are standard data handling flows.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscation, or backdoors are detected. Usage of deprecated warnings and dynamic plotter import are benign. Handling of user inputs in cropping functions is typical for scientific libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured data management library for multidimensional data cubes, with methods for slicing, coordinate handling, plotting, and cropping. It uses standard practices and external libraries (numpy, astropy). No malicious code, network activity, or obfuscation is evident. The potential security concern is handling untrusted input in slicing and cropping, but this is inherent and well-understood in scientific software. The code does not perform any unsafe operations such as code execution or data exfiltration. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, low security risk) are consistent with the code's behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate scientific data management utility with no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities beyond the normal risks associated with handling untrusted input in data slicing and cropping. The scores are appropriate and justified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}