{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and methods for managing sequences of NDCube objects, including slicing, cropping, and plotting functionalities, primarily for handling multidimensional scientific data.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the list of NDCube objects stored in 'self.data', and from properties like 'meta', 'array_axis_physical_types', 'global_coords', and 'combined_wcs' within each cube.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'plot' method which may invoke plotting libraries, and the use of 'copy.deepcopy' which could potentially be misused to manipulate data structures if combined with malicious inputs. No direct data leakage or insecure external calls are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input points through methods like 'crop', 'crop_by_values', and slicing operations that generate sub-cubes or coordinate arrays. The sequence of method calls involves slicing and coordinate computations but no untrusted external code or data execution pathways are apparent.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. Usage of deprecated warnings and dynamic import handling (via PlotterDescriptor) is standard for optional dependencies. The code relies on standard libraries and scientific packages without obfuscation or unusual patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages collections of NDCube objects, enabling slicing, cropping, coordinate extraction, and plotting. It includes typical object-oriented structures, properties, and helper classes for indexing. No code segments indicate malicious behavior or intentional sabotage. External interactions are limited to plotting and data management, with no network activity, file manipulation, or data exfiltration observed. Usage of 'copy.deepcopy' is safe in context and not suspicious. All operations are standard for scientific data handling. The inclusion of deprecated warnings and dynamic plotter loading are normal patterns in scientific software. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured library without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard implementation for managing sequences of NDCube objects with features for slicing, cropping, coordinate handling, and plotting. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected. The security risk is negligible, and there are no indications of malware or security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}