{
  "purpose": "A Python client for posting content and replies to the Threads social media platform via its Graph API, supporting media uploads, carousels, and reply threading.",
  "sources": "Reads access token, user ID, post content, media URLs, and reply posts from function parameters, instance variables, and JSON input files. Also reads API responses for post IDs, statuses, and permalinks.",
  "sinks": "Makes HTTP requests to external API endpoints, including token validation, media upload status checks, post publishing, and permalink retrieval. Sensitive information such as access tokens is used in API calls but is appropriately handled internally.",
  "flows": "Input data (access tokens, user IDs, post contents/media URLs) flows into API request payloads. Responses from API endpoints provide post IDs, status updates, and permalinks, which are then used to build the return dictionary.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns detected. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or backdoors. The code uses standard libraries and API calls. No dynamic code execution or data exfiltration observed. No attempts to hide data or malicious behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The script is a straightforward API wrapper facilitating posting to Threads. It performs standard API interactions such as GET and POST requests, status polling, and permalink retrieval. Error handling is present for HTTP errors and invalid tokens. The input validation ensures necessary fields are provided. No signs of malicious logic, code injection, or suspicious data handling are evident. The code's structure is clear, with separation of concerns and no obfuscated or malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API client designed for posting and replying to Threads. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or suspicious anomalies. It handles API interactions securely and responsibly, with proper error handling and no malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}