{
  "purpose": "The class provides simple character substitution encryption and decryption for strings, possibly for obfuscation or data hiding purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input; it only processes strings passed to its methods.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write or transmit data; it solely returns transformed strings.",
  "flows": "Input strings are transformed through character replacements in the encrypt and decrypt methods, with no external or untrusted data flow beyond method input/output.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive character replacements without any input validation or cryptographic security. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscation or malicious code techniques are used. No external network activity, file operations, or system commands are executed. The methods are simple substitution ciphers, which are insecure but not malicious. No signs of backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior are evident.",
  "analysis": "The class 'TokenCryptor' offers basic substitution encryption and decryption via character replacement tables. The replace chains are straightforward and symmetric, with each replace call in 'encrypt' matched by a corresponding replace in 'decrypt'. There is no external input handling, no network or file I/O, and no system commands or code execution. The implementation does not contain malicious code or malware; it appears solely as a toy or obfuscation utility. Its security is minimal, but it does not demonstrate malicious intent. The code is clean, well-structured, and uses simple, explicit character mappings.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign character substitution cipher utility with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. Its security risk is negligible, mainly due to the insecure nature of substitution ciphers, but it does not pose any security threat. No malicious or suspicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}