{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate and display scan information and statistics from checkmarx scan results, and to assemble email bodies with this data for reporting purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from 'model.ScanResult' objects, specifically attributes like 'scan_response', 'artifact_name', 'scanned_element', and 'scan_statistic'. It also uses 'routes' for generating URLs in HTML outputs.",
  "sinks": "The code generates HTML content with embedded URLs and outputs tabulated data. It does not perform any data writes, network requests, or command executions directly. The URLs are constructed from 'routes' and data in scan results, but are not executed or fetched.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'model.ScanResult' objects into HTML or table formats, with URLs dynamically generated from attributes. These flows are primarily for display purposes and do not involve untrusted data execution.",
  "anomalies": "There are no unusual or suspicious code constructs, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors. The code disables html escaping for tabulate output, which could be considered a mild anomaly but not malicious. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code processes scan result objects to produce textual and HTML reports with embedded links. It constructs URLs using provided 'routes' and formats output with the 'tabulate' library. No data is sent over networks, stored maliciously, or manipulated in a harmful way. Disabling html escaping in 'tabulate.htmlescape' may affect output safety but does not constitute malicious behavior. The code appears purely for report generation and presentation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign report-generation utility for scan results with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not perform any network operations, data exfiltration, or malicious actions. Its main function is formatting and displaying scan data with embedded links.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}