{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate and print scan reports, statistics, and email bodies related to security scan results, specifically from the Checkmarx static analysis platform.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from 'model.ScanResult' objects, which are presumably provided from external sources (e.g., scan results). Functions access properties like scan_response, artifact_name, and severity, as well as URLs from the 'routes' object.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs formatted tables via 'print' statements, constructs HTML snippets for email bodies, and creates links using URLs from 'routes'. These outputs could potentially lead to data leakage if untrusted input is included without sanitization, but no direct data exfiltration or system manipulation is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'model.ScanResult' objects into HTML or table formats, with URL generation involving external route functions. No untrusted input directly influences system commands or file operations. Data is only formatted and printed or included in HTML content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code uses straightforward data access, formatting, and HTML string concatenation, with a patch to disable HTML escaping for 'tabulate'. The disabling of 'htmlescape' could be unusual but appears to be intended for rendering raw HTML.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily formats scan result data into tables and HTML snippets for reporting purposes. It uses data from the 'model.ScanResult' objects, which are external inputs, to generate URLs and display information. The code does not execute any system commands, handle secrets, or perform network operations. The only notable aspect is the explicit patch to disable HTML escaping in 'tabulate', which could pose a risk if untrusted data contains malicious HTML or scripts. However, since the data appears to be generated from controlled scan result objects, the risk of malicious content injection is minimal. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident. Overall, the code functions as a reporting utility without any indications of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard report generation module that formats security scan data into tables and HTML for display or email. No malicious activity, sabotage, or security risks are detected. The only minor concern is the patch disabling HTML escaping, which should be used cautiously if any untrusted data could be injected, but based on context, this appears controlled. Overall, the code is safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}