{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to generate and display scan result reports and email bodies for security scan data, specifically for Checkmarx security scans.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from 'model.ScanResult' objects, including scan_response, artifact_name, project_id, and scan statistics; also from the 'routes' object for URLs.",
  "sinks": "Output functions include 'print' for console output, and string concatenations for HTML email bodies. These involve rendering data into HTML or table formats, but do not include execution of untrusted code or external commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input 'model.ScanResult' objects through functions that generate tables and HTML fragments, ultimately being printed or joined into email bodies without executing external code or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code appears to manipulate and present data securely. The 'tabulate.htmlescape' override disables escaping but is limited to presentation; no risky dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily generates tables and HTML email content based on data from provided objects. It uses standard libraries (tabulate, textwrap) and straightforward string operations. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or external system commands are detected. The routes object provides URLs, but these are used for hyperlink generation, not malicious purposes. The functions do not handle untrusted input directly, nor do they execute or evaluate code from external sources. The code structure and data handling are typical for report generation. There is a minor typo in the 'ended_on' function ('unkown'), which is harmless but worth noting. Overall, the code appears to be a secure, benign reporting utility.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard report generation script for security scan results. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. It simply processes data into human-readable tables and HTML email formats for reporting purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}