{
  "purpose": "This code is a set of unit tests for the public API visibility of the coremltools Python package, verifying that specific modules and functions are exposed as expected.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the coremltools package modules such as ct (coremltools), particularly from utils, models, neural_network, and other submodules. It also reads the directory listings of these modules to verify visibility.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that process untrusted input or data; the code only inspects module attributes and asserts expected visibility, without handling untrusted data or executing external commands.",
  "flows": "The code flows involve listing module attributes (sources), comparing them to expected lists, and asserting equality to check for module exposure (sinks). No untrusted data flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. The code is standard testing code for module visibility, with no suspicious logic or data handling.",
  "analysis": "The script defines utility functions to get visible attributes of modules and verify they match expected lists. It uses assertions for validation and contains multiple test classes and methods for different modules and submodules within coremltools. The code appears to be standard unit testing for API exposure, with no evidence of malicious code, obfuscation, or dangerous behavior. No external data inputs, network connections, or secret handling are present. The initial comments indicate licensing and copyright, with no security concerns. Overall, the code is safe, straightforward, and designed for API verification.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign test suite for verifying the visibility of coremltools modules and functions. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The code’s purpose is to ensure the package exposes the correct API surface, with no suspicious or harmful activity detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}