{
  "purpose": "The code demonstrates testing functions that utilize Python's structural pattern matching to process different data structures.",
  "sources": "Code reads source code strings for functions, and executes them via exec(), then applies pattern matching functions generated by the 'match' library.",
  "sinks": "Executes dynamically constructed code; pattern matching functions are invoked with test inputs. No data leakage or external data sinks detected.",
  "flows": "Source: Dynamic code strings via exec() -> Pattern matching functions -> Test inputs -> Pattern matching conditions and returns.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() to execute code strings, which may include arbitrary code execution risks. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code patterns are evident within the code snippets themselves.",
  "analysis": "The script constructs multiple functions dynamically by defining code strings containing pattern matching logic, then executes these strings with exec(). It then applies the pattern matching functions to test data to verify behavior. The use of exec() on code snippets introduces potential risk if the source code is manipulated or comes from untrusted sources. However, in this context, the code snippets are static and appear to be benign examples demonstrating pattern matching capabilities. There are no signs of malicious payloads such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The pattern matching functions themselves do not perform insecure operations. The code overall does not exhibit obfuscation, malicious intent, or security vulnerabilities beyond the exec() usage, which is controlled and from static strings.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for testing pattern matching constructs and uses exec() to define functions dynamically. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks beyond the inherent risks of executing code with exec(). Given the static nature of the code snippets, the risk is low. However, the use of exec() should be carefully managed in other contexts to avoid security issues.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}