{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and a metaclass for defining interactive components in the Gradio framework, including dynamic code generation for type hints and event handling.",
  "sources": "User input, class source code extraction via 'inspect', and dynamic code generation through templates.",
  "sinks": "File writes to the '.pyi' stub files, and dynamic rendering of templates that include potential input strings for code generation.",
  "flows": "Extract class source code -> Generate interface template -> Render and write to stub files.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'exec' or 'eval' is absent; however, dynamic code rendering with Jinja2 templates introduces a risk if 'contents' contains malicious code. The code writes directly to '.pyi' files based on source code parsing and template rendering. No direct user input is processed within this snippet, but the template rendering could be exploited if 'contents' or 'events' are manipulated externally.",
  "analysis": "The code focuses on creating type stub files (.pyi) for components, dynamically inserting event methods using templates. The class source extraction relies on 'ast' parsing, which is safe as it doesn't execute code. The file write operations could be risky if malicious data is fed into 'contents' or 'new_interface', but in typical usage, this is controlled by code generation pipelines. No evidence of code injection, backdoors, or malicious network activity. No suspicious obfuscation or hidden behaviors are present. The dynamic code generation is static in context, but if 'contents' or 'events' are externally compromised, it could lead to code injection. Overall, the code seems to serve a legitimate purpose without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for dynamic type stub generation and component management within the Gradio framework. It does not contain malware or malicious behaviors, though the template rendering should be carefully controlled to prevent injection if used with untrusted data. No high-risk security issues or backdoors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}