{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a utility module for dynamically generating, modifying, and managing type stub files (.pyi) for Gradio components, with focus on event handling and component class definitions.",
  "sources": "Reads from source files of component classes using inspect.getfile(), extracts class source code via ast parsing, reads and writes .pyi files, and accesses class attributes such as EVENTS.",
  "sinks": "Writes to .pyi files, potentially overwriting existing content. Uses ast.get_source_segment for source extraction. No other untrusted data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Extracts class source code -> generates interface code -> modifies or creates .pyi files -> writes or updates .pyi files with generated interface content.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec-like dynamic code generation via Jinja2 templates. The create_pyi function renders large code templates without input sanitization. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors are present. No network calls or system modifications are visible. Use of no_raise_exception() wrappers could mask underlying IO errors but do not introduce malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manipulates source code and type stub files for components, relying on ast for code extraction and Jinja2 for template rendering. The flow involves extracting class definitions, generating interface code, and updating .pyi files, which is standard for type stub management. No indications of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity are present. The dynamic template rendering does not involve untrusted input that could lead to code injection. The functions are designed for code and type stub management, not runtime data handling. There are no signs of malware or malicious payloads, and the code operates within the bounds of code generation and file manipulation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate utility for managing type stubs and component event interfaces within the Gradio framework. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on the source code examined. The code operates securely within its intended scope, with no evident indicators of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}