{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface definitions for the boto3 MainframeModernization (m2) service client, including methods for managing applications, environments, deployments, and other resources.",
  "sources": "Import statements for system modules, third-party libraries, and local type definitions; class and method definitions with annotations and docstrings.",
  "sinks": "Method implementations that accept input parameters (unpacked from type definitions) and return typed responses; property accessors.",
  "flows": "Input parameters from method calls flow into method implementations, which invoke boto3 service calls; return values flow back to callers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network calls, or obfuscated code present. Usage of type annotations and docstrings appears standard. No dynamic code execution or suspicious imports. All data flows appear to be related to legitimate SDK operations.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily composed of class and method declarations with type annotations, designed as a stub for the boto3 'm2' client. It imports necessary modules, defines a client class with numerous methods for resource management, and overloads for paginators. No actual logic or runtime behavior is implemented, reducing risk. The code does not contain any suspicious code, backdoors, or malicious instructions. It appears to be a standard SDK stub definition with no malicious behavior or sabotage.\n\nThe presence of extensive type annotations and structured method signatures indicates a focus on type safety and IDE support, not malicious intent. No external network calls, file I/O, or suspicious payloads are present. No hardcoded secrets or potentially harmful code constructs are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured type annotation stub for the boto3 MainframeModernization client. It contains no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It serves as an interface for AWS SDK operations with no runtime logic or suspicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}