{
  "purpose": "The code fetches COVID-19 data from a Polish government website, parses HTML to locate CSV download links, downloads and processes these CSV files into pandas DataFrames, and combines the data into a final dataset. It employs obfuscated function and variable names, with multiple broad exception handling blocks, and complex date parsing functions with fallback mechanisms. The script outputs a combined CSV file ('archive.csv') and returns a processed DataFrame for further analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the HTML content fetched via requests from a government URL, extracts download links from HTML elements, and reads CSV files from these links using pandas.read_csv. It also reads data from local files during processing.",
  "sinks": "The code writes the final combined DataFrame to a local CSV file ('archive.csv'). It does not perform any network transmission beyond the initial data fetch, nor does it write or transmit data externally. No data exfiltration or malicious data leaks are detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the HTTP GET request to fetch HTML content, which is parsed to find download links. These links are used to download CSV files, which are processed into pandas DataFrames. The data is then combined, expanded, and finally saved locally as 'archive.csv'. The DataFrame is returned for further use.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated function and variable names, broad try-except blocks that mask errors, and complex date parsing functions with fallback mechanisms. These features suggest attempts to conceal logic but do not indicate malicious intent. No suspicious network activity, hardcoded credentials, or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The script performs legitimate web scraping and data processing tasks, fetching publicly available COVID-19 data, parsing HTML to locate CSV links, and processing these files into a structured dataset. The obfuscation and broad exception handling are notable but are common in scripts aiming to conceal complexity or prevent reverse engineering. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or system modification are evident. The data handling is straightforward, and the network activity is limited to initial data retrieval from a trusted government source. The complex date parsing functions serve as fallback mechanisms, not malicious code. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate data collection pipeline with obfuscation for concealment rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate data scraping and processing script that employs obfuscation and complex date parsing functions. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage. The obfuscation appears to be for concealment rather than malicious purposes. The overall security risk is low, and the malware score should be set to 0. The obfuscation score can be considered moderate (~0.6) due to deliberate obfuscation. The security risk score remains low (~0.2).",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}