{
  "purpose": "Provides a base client for interacting with App Center APIs, including HTTP request methods with retries and error handling.",
  "sources": "HTTP request methods (http_get, http_patch, http_post, http_post_raw_data, http_post_files, http_delete, azure_blob_upload), response parsing in create_exception, input parameters for URL generation.",
  "sinks": "Responses from requests (including responses in exception creation), responses in HTTP methods, data sent in requests, and file streams for uploads.",
  "flows": "Input data (parameters, responses) flow from method calls through retries and request execution, potentially leading to exceptions or data leaks if response or request handling is insecure.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors observed. Usage of requests for network communication appears standard. The code does not perform any suspicious operations such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network connections to suspicious domains. Error handling and retries are implemented in a typical manner. No obfuscated or intentionally misleading code present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of an API client wrapper with retries, error handling, and logging. It manages HTTP interactions securely by validating status codes and raising exceptions for failures. The create_exception function attempts to decode error responses, which is typical for API error handling. The _is_connection_failure function checks for common network failure messages. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data theft, command injection, or hidden backdoors. File upload via Azure Blob Storage appears legitimate. Overall, the code performs expected API client tasks without suspicious or malicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a conventional API client implementation with no detected malicious behavior or security risks. It functions to facilitate communication with App Center services securely and reliably. No malicious signals or sabotage are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}