{
  "purpose": "The code provides a base client class for interacting with the Microsoft App Center API, including HTTP request methods with retry logic and error handling.",
  "sources": "Reads data from environment variables (not shown), constructs URLs based on input parameters, and reads file streams for uploads.",
  "sinks": "Performs HTTP requests (GET, POST, PATCH, DELETE) and uploads files to URLs, potentially transmitting data to external servers.",
  "flows": "URL construction sources data; HTTP methods send data and receive responses; responses are processed, and errors are raised if status codes indicate failure.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution. No unusual variable names or hidden behaviors detected. No hardcoded IP addresses or suspicious URLs are visible. Error handling is standard. The code relies on external configuration (e.g., URLs, tokens) but no evidence of malicious manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a client for communicating with the App Center API, with functions for making HTTP requests with retries and error handling. It uses external configuration and tokens, with no hardcoded secrets or malicious data. The request functions perform standard operations: GET, POST, PATCH, DELETE, file uploads, and Azure Blob uploads. Error handling creates exceptions from responses, decoding JSON errors. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, command injection, or backdoors are evident. The code appears to be a legitimate SDK base class intended for authorized API interactions, with no signs of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate SDK base class for API interactions with no malicious intent. It does not contain any hidden backdoors, suspicious data flows, or malicious code patterns. The security risks are minimal and typical for such SDKs.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}