{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of data classes and argument structures for configuring Azure MySQL server resources using Pulumi, including backup, encryption, high availability, network, storage, and server properties.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration inputs through class initializers and property setters/getters, primarily from parameters provided during object creation. No external input sources (e.g., network, file, environment variables) are explicitly accessed within this code.",
  "sinks": "No data sinks such as network connections, file writes, or system commands are present. The code primarily sets internal attributes and defines data structures for resource provisioning.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows indicating untrusted data processing or transmission. The flow is confined to object attribute setting and retrieval within the Python code, with no external data manipulation or communication.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be auto-generated, with warning comments at the top, and contains extensive class and property definitions typical for configuration models. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious commands are observed. No obfuscated code, network calls, or system modifications are present. Usage of pulumi.set and pulumi.get is standard for Pulumi resource definitions.",
  "analysis": "The code serves as a schema or data model for resource configuration in Pulumi, with no evidence of malicious behavior. It does not perform external data access, system modifications, or network communications. The structure is consistent with auto-generated SDK code, aimed at defining configuration parameters with getters/setters. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic are identified. The code's purpose is benign, focusing on resource property encapsulation.",
  "conclusion": "There are no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks within this code. It functions as auto-generated configuration data structures for Azure MySQL resources. The code is safe, with no signs of malware, secret leaks, or malicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}