{
  "purpose": "The code defines multiple classes and TypedDict structures for configuring and managing database server settings using Pulumi's Python SDK, focusing on infrastructure-as-code for cloud resources.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for various configuration classes through constructors and property getters/setters, utilizing pulumi.set and pulumi.get to manage internal state.",
  "sinks": "No external sinks or data outputs are explicitly present that could leak data or lead to security issues; the code primarily manipulates configuration data internally.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into class constructors and property setters, stored via pulumi.set; property getters retrieve data via pulumi.get. There are no external data flows to network, file, or other I/O that could indicate malicious activity.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily structured with data class definitions and does not contain runtime code execution, network calls, or dynamic code evaluation. The initial comments warn not to edit generated files, which suggests this is auto-generated infrastructure code. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious logic are detected. The use of placeholder enums and flexible configuration fields appears standard for IaC SDKs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a generated set of data classes and TypedDict definitions for configuring database server resources via Pulumi. It uses standard patterns for defining resource configuration objects with properties and constructors, leveraging Pulumi's input and getter/setter mechanisms. There are no signs of code injection, dynamic code execution, network operations, or secret leaks. The warning comments about the file being auto-generated and not to edit manually indicate it is part of a larger code generation pipeline, not malicious code. Overall, it appears to be boilerplate configuration code with no malicious intent or behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, auto-generated Pulumi resource configuration module without any malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious logic. It functions solely to define data structures for resource deployment. There is no evidence of malware, data exfiltration, or security risks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}