{
  "purpose": "This code defines various data classes for configuring a database server using Pulumi, including properties related to backup, encryption, high availability, import sources, maintenance windows, identities, server creation, and storage profiles.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from user inputs via class constructors and property setters, and from internal functions such as 'pulumi.set' and 'pulumi.get'. There are no external input sources like network, environment variables, or files shown.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe sinks include 'pulumi.set' and 'pulumi.get' functions, which could be used to assign or retrieve data. However, these are standard Pulumi SDK functions for configuration and do not process untrusted external data directly. No external network calls, command execution, or file modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor parameters into class properties via 'pulumi.set', and from properties to 'pulumi.get'. There is no evidence of untrusted data propagating into critical security-sensitive functions or external commands. Property values are mostly configuration parameters for infrastructure deployment.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code uses standard Pulumi patterns for defining configuration data classes. There are default values set for certain parameters (e.g., 'create_mode' as 'Default') and property setters/getters. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. No malicious logic or privacy violations are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of data class definitions for configuring a database server deployment via Pulumi. It follows typical patterns for infrastructure as code, with constructors initializing properties and property methods encapsulating access. No external inputs are directly processed in a manner that could lead to code injection or data leaks. The default values and property controls do not pose security risks. Overall, the code appears to be a benign, well-structured configuration definition with no malicious intent or security issues.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard Pulumi configuration module defining data structures for server setup. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The use of 'pulumi.set' and 'pulumi.get' aligns with normal infrastructure as code practices. The code is safe and does not exhibit obfuscation or malware characteristics.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}