{
  "purpose": "The code defines a series of Pulumi input classes and associated TypedDict structures for configuring Azure database resources, such as servers, backups, encryption, and network settings, primarily for infrastructure as code deployment.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters via constructor arguments and Pulumi property getters; data is set through constructor parameters and Pulumi's internal 'set' functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting configuration properties that could influence infrastructure deployment, but no sinks interact with external untrusted data streams or perform output beyond Pulumi's resource configuration.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor inputs to Pulumi 'set' calls, and getter methods retrieve these values; no external data flows to external systems or over network connections are present.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments. The initial comment warns that the file is auto-generated. No obfuscated code, code injection, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code strictly manages configuration parameters for infrastructure deployment. No data leakage, network communication, or suspicious logic is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of Pulumi resource configuration classes and TypedDict definitions, designed for infrastructure as code. All data is managed via property setters and getters, with no external or untrusted data sources, no network operations, and no code execution beyond standard property management. The initial comments explicitly state the file is auto-generated and should not be manually edited, which is typical for configuration code. No malicious patterns, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The use of Pulumi's API functions is limited to setting and getting configuration values, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, auto-generated infrastructure configuration module for Azure resources using Pulumi. It contains no malicious or suspicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage code. The code is safe and intended for defining infrastructure deployment parameters.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}