{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to generate plots for various metrics related to results of experiments or analyses, specifically plotting different statistical measures across datasets and budgets.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'results' dictionaries provided as function arguments, as well as dataset and budget parameters, and accesses the 'METRIC_PROPERTIES' configuration.",
  "sinks": "The code calls 'plt.savefig' to write images to specified file paths and uses 'os.path.exists' and 'os.makedirs' to manage directories. No untrusted data is used in system calls or unsafe operations.",
  "flows": "Results data flows from function parameters into plotting functions, with no indication of untrusted input handling or data manipulation that could lead to security issues.",
  "anomalies": "There are no unusual code patterns, hard-coded secrets, or obfuscated sections. The code performs standard plotting operations with no suspicious behavior or malicious code. No dynamic code execution or network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard libraries (os, typing, numpy, matplotlib) for data processing and visualization. It defines configuration dictionaries for plot properties and styles. The 'plot_metric' function generates plots based on provided results, filters, and styling, with safeguards against unknown metrics. The 'plot_all_metrics' function iterates over datasets and budgets, creating and saving plots as files in specified directories. All operations are related to visualization with no indications of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or code injection. The use of file system operations is limited to directory creation and file saving, which are controlled and not malicious. There is no evidence of hidden backdoors, network activity, or data theft.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate data visualization script with no malicious intent or security risks. It safely handles input data, generates plots, and manages output files without any suspicious or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}