{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of custom exception classes used in the Sanic web framework for handling HTTP errors, server errors, and other internal exceptions.",
  "sources": "No external data sources; all data comes from internal exception handling and predefined constants.",
  "sinks": "Exception messages and headers, which could potentially be manipulated if user-controlled data is passed into exception constructors.",
  "flows": "Potential flow from user input to exception message or headers, especially when exception is raised with user-provided messages or headers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are detected. No suspicious network activity or code injection patterns are present. Exception messages are mostly static or derived from standard status codes. Usage of `STATUS_CODES` from `sanic.helpers` is standard and does not indicate malicious intent. The code structure is straightforward, with no obfuscated or unusual code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code defines various exception classes for HTTP errors, internal server errors, and other specific conditions within the Sanic framework. Exception constructors accept optional messages, headers, and context data, which could be influenced by user input, but this is standard practice for HTTP exception handling. No code manipulates or exfiltrates data over the network, does not contain backdoors, or perform unauthorized system actions. The code does not include any dynamic execution, obfuscated logic, or suspicious behaviors. All components seem to serve legitimate purposes related to web error handling and response management.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate part of the Sanic framework's exception handling mechanism. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. It is a standard, well-structured exception class hierarchy with no suspicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}