{
  "purpose": "Process genomic transcript data to extract features and construct a data class with transcript information.",
  "sources": "Input parameter 'xnAXbCKyhmoZJZPElXXpkVQeunxDnwEJ' (transcript identifier), 'refflat' list of dicts (reference data), 'REcDlzLqHsABlHjegdNYLPAdrfNvpxcn' dict (sequence data). The code reads the transcript identifier and reference data structures.",
  "sinks": "Potentially the dictionary lookup 'REcDlzLqHsABlHjegdNYLPAdrfNvpxcn.get(f\"{transcript_name}\")' which retrieves sequence data based on 'transcript_name'. If 'transcript_name' is undefined, it causes runtime errors but does not lead to data leaks or malicious effects.",
  "flows": "Input 'xnAXbCKyhmoZJZPElXXpkVQeunxDnwEJ' is processed; the code attempts to find matching reference data; then uses 'transcript_name' as key to retrieve sequence data; finally constructs and returns a data class instance with extracted features.",
  "anomalies": "Use of an undefined variable 'transcript_name' which causes a bug; variable names are non-descriptive and obfuscated, but no malicious obfuscation techniques are evident; no malicious code or network activity present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard data extraction from reference structures and constructs a data class. The main issue is the use of 'transcript_name' without definition, leading to potential runtime errors. No signs of malicious activity, network communication, or malicious payloads are present. Variable naming suggests obfuscation but not malicious intent. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated ~0.5, risk=0.2) are appropriate given the evidence. The bug is a bug, not malicious code, but fixing it is recommended for correctness.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign genomic data processing function with an incomplete implementation or obfuscation causing a bug. No malicious activity or supply chain sabotage is detected. The primary concern is fixing the undefined variable to prevent runtime errors. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}