{
  "purpose": "This code provides visualization utilities for the Copulas library, specifically generating various plots such as distribution plots, scatter plots, and comparison plots for real and synthetic data.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from pandas DataFrame and Series objects passed as function arguments. It also accesses DataFrame columns for plotting.",
  "sinks": "The code generates Plotly figures, which can display data from the input DataFrame/Series. There are no sinks that perform external network connections, file operations, or system commands.",
  "flows": "Data is read from pandas DataFrame/Series objects (sources) and passed into Plotly plotting functions (sinks), with flow mainly consisting of data being visualized without modification or external communication.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code performs standard plotting operations with input data. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or misleading variable names are evident. The appending of 'Data' column is consistent across plots; no suspicious data manipulation is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines visualization functions for plotting untrusted data passed as pandas objects. It includes functions for 1D, 2D, and 3D plots, with comparison capabilities. No external network activity, system modifications, or sensitive data handling is present. The code does not perform any insecure operations such as executing arbitrary code, handling secrets, or connecting to external servers. The plotting functions are standard and use Plotly's API directly. No signs of obfuscation, malware, or malicious behavior are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This module provides data visualization utilities without any malicious behavior. It only processes and visualizes data passed into its functions. No evidence of malware, malicious data handling, or security risks is found. The code appears to be a standard plotting utility for data analysis purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}