{
  "purpose": "The code provides state tracking and transition management functionalities for Django models, supporting finite state machines (FSM) with transition validation, permission checks, and concurrency control.",
  "sources": "Code reads input primarily from method decorators, class attributes, and instance states. Notable sources include transition method decorators, get_state methods, and model instance attributes.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially influence transition execution or state setting via method parameters or instance attribute modification. Sinks include state modification methods (set_state, set_proxy), transition methods, and transition decorators.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method calls (decorated transition methods) through transition validation (has_transition, conditions_met), to state change operations (set_state, set_proxy). The get_state methods retrieve current states, which influence transition validation and execution flow.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets detected. The code contains warnings, exception classes, and transition logic that appear standard. There is usage of deprecated modules with fallback, which is typical for backward compatibility. No obfuscated code or unusual constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement a standard FSM pattern for Django models, including transition decorators, permission checks, state validation, concurrency protections, and state proxies. It uses well-known Django signals, exception handling, and model attribute management. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors are evident. The logic is consistent with legitimate FSM management, and no suspicious data flows or anomalous operations are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a Django FSM management system with transition validation, permission checks, concurrency control, and state management. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. It appears safe and legitimate, focusing on model state transitions and protections without any indications of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}