{
  "purpose": "This code implements a JWT (JSON Web Token) handling library, including encoding, decoding, and claim validation functions for secure token management.",
  "sources": "Inputs include the 'payload' dictionary, 'key' parameters for signing/verification, and 'jwt' strings or bytes to decode. Data is read from function arguments and JSON payloads.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data could be leaked if 'payload' or 'jwt' contents are improperly handled. Signing keys and JWTs are processed for encoding and decoding, but no data is sent externally or over networks in this code itself.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (payload, jwt, keys) through JSON serialization/deserialization, claim validation, and cryptographic functions via 'api_jws' for encoding/decoding, with validation functions checking claims against provided parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior observed. The code uses warnings appropriately for deprecated features. No obfuscation techniques or dynamic code execution are present. All functions perform standard JWT operations with proper error handling.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard JWT library implementation with functions for encoding, decoding, and validating claims. It handles typical security checks such as expiration, not-before, issued-at, audience, issuer, and subject. No malicious code or unusual patterns are detected. The use of external 'api_jws' and standard JSON operations indicates typical usage, with no evidence of data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful behavior. The code properly raises exceptions on invalid input, ensuring security integrity. Overall, the code appears well-structured, standard, and free of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured JWT handling library with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It correctly validates claims, handles inputs securely, and does not contain obfuscated or suspicious code. It is safe for use in secure applications, assuming 'api_jws' is trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}