{
  "purpose": "The code customizes the SQL parsing behavior by extending and configuring the sqlparse library to define specific token handling, keywords, and regex patterns for SQL statements.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the sqlparse library modules, including sqlparse.keywords, sqlparse.tokens, and sqlparse.lexer, as well as the regex patterns set in SQLPARSE_LEXER.set_SQL_REGEX.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks are present; the code does not execute SQL, write data, or perform network operations. It only configures a SQL parser.",
  "flows": "The flow involves importing modules, defining a custom Where class, clearing the lexer instance, setting regex patterns for specific SQL keywords, and adding keyword definitions to the lexer instance.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to perform standard configuration of the sqlparse library. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation present.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily extends and configures sqlparse for parsing SQL statements with specific keywords and regex patterns. It defines a custom 'Where' class to handle SQL WHERE clause tokens, resets the lexer state, sets regex patterns for keywords like 'FORMAT' and 'DESCRIBE', and adds keyword definitions to the lexer. All modifications are consistent with normal parser setup procedures. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors. The code does not execute SQL or perform network activities. The configuration appears legitimate and intended to improve SQL parsing accuracy.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard setup and customization of the sqlparse library for parsing SQL statements. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided content. The purpose is to extend SQL parsing capabilities with no signs of supply chain compromise.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}