{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client class definitions for the Bedrock AWS service, providing structured access to AWS Bedrock API operations with type safety.",
  "sources": "The code reads import statements from sys, type hints from typing and typing_extensions, and various AWS SDK modules and custom type definitions. It also accesses sys.version_info for conditional imports.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could originate from the imported modules or runtime inputs; however, the code itself does not process user input directly. The generate_presigned_url method could generate URLs with embedded parameters. The client methods return data or dictionaries, but do not execute external commands or evaluate untrusted input.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves importing modules, defining types, and method signatures. The actual method implementations are not provided, only signatures. There are no runtime data flows or execution of dynamic code within the snippet.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior, backdoors, or hard-coded secrets are present. The code is mostly standard AWS SDK interface definitions and type annotations. No dynamic execution, obfuscated code, or hidden logic observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured definition of a boto3-like client class for AWS Bedrock, including method signatures, type annotations, and property definitions. It relies on standard Python modules and AWS SDK components. No signs of malicious code, data exfiltration, or sabotage mechanisms are present. The imports and class methods are consistent with an SDK wrapper and contain no executable logic beyond method signatures. Conditional imports based on Python version are typical for compatibility and pose no security risk.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a straightforward, well-structured SDK client interface for AWS Bedrock, with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It mainly provides type hints and method signatures for use with AWS APIs. No malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}