{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Terraform resource for managing New Relic obfuscation expressions within the CDK for Terraform (CDKTF) framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from constructor parameters such as name, regex, account_id, description, and id; also reads optional configurations like connection, depends_on, and provisioners.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could be assigned to resource attributes (e.g., name, regex, description, account_id, id) and potentially used in resource creation or management; however, no direct sink involving system commands, network connections, or data exfiltration is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor parameters (sources) into resource configuration objects, and then into CDKTF resource creation calls. No evidence of untrusted data being used in dangerous system operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are present. The code mainly involves standard resource configuration, type checks, and framework integration. The import statements and type guard functions appear to serve type safety and framework functionality.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a framework for defining a Terraform resource using CDKTF and jsii, including class definitions, initializers, and configuration data types. The functions perform type checking and resource setup with no indications of malicious logic. No network activity, system manipulation, or obfuscated/hidden code is detected. The resource attributes are configurable but not used maliciously. The presence of type guard functions and configuration classes is typical for infrastructure-as-code SDKs. No suspicious behavior or malware indicators are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard resource definition for managing a New Relic obfuscation expression via CDKTF. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It primarily facilitates infrastructure configuration with safe practices. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}