{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Terraform resource class for managing New Relic obfuscation expressions using the CDK for Terraform (CDKTF). It provides constructors, property setters/getters, and config data types for resource creation, import, and configuration.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from constructor parameters, class properties, environment variables (via importlib.metadata), and external modules (like 'publication', 'jsii', and various CDKTF modules).",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow from user-supplied constructor arguments (such as 'name', 'regex', 'description', 'account_id', 'id') into resource properties and configurations. These could influence resource creation, but there are no explicit dangerous sinks like network calls, file writes, or command executions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sources) pass through class constructors and setters to set resource properties; these then influence resource configuration. No direct data flow to external systems or insecure operations is observed.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets are present. The code uses standard patterns for defining CDKTF constructs and resource types. No backdoors, code injection, or malicious logic are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard generated resource class for Terraform/CDKTF, including type checking stubs, property definitions, and configuration data types. It manages resource attributes and supports import functionality. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection. The logic appears to be purely structural, facilitating resource management. The only potential concern is that user input influences resource properties, but this is normal for infrastructure-as-code frameworks and does not constitute malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, standard resource class definition for managing New Relic obfuscation expressions via CDKTF. It contains no malicious code, backdoors, or harmful behaviors. It is safe based on the provided snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}