{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Terraform resource class for managing New Relic obfuscation expressions using CDK for Terraform (CDKTF). It primarily facilitates resource creation, configuration, and import functionality.",
  "sources": "Input sources include constructor parameters such as 'scope', 'id_', 'name', 'regex', and optional parameters like 'account_id', 'description', 'connection', 'depends_on', etc. Data is read from function parameters and class properties.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the setting of resource attributes (e.g., 'accountId', 'name', 'regex') which are used to generate Terraform configuration. There are no indications of untrusted data being executed or transmitted over the network.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into class properties and configuration objects, then into the Terraform resource model for deployment. No untrusted data is processed or passed directly to system commands or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation are present. The code appears to be standard, auto-generated resource class code. The import of 'publication.publish()' and typeguard functions are typical for CDKTF modules. No unusual behavior or obfuscated code segments detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a Terraform resource class with associated data classes and type checking stubs. It includes initialization, property getters/setters, and import functions typical for CDKTF resources. The use of typeguard functions, class properties, and configuration structures aligns with standard patterns. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage. The functions focus solely on resource configuration management, with no network or system command execution observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate, auto-generated resource class code for managing New Relic obfuscation expressions within CDKTF. It contains no malicious or suspicious elements and is consistent with typical infrastructure-as-code patterns. No security risks or malware signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}