{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this code is to provide functions to optimize ONNX models using various passes, including fixed-point optimization, by wrapping around the onnxoptimizer C++ extension.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'model' parameter (a ModelProto object), and external files created via tempfile for intermediate storage during optimization.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if external files containing serialized models or data are accessed insecurely, but the code properly manages temporary files and cleans up. No network or sensitive data transfer is detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input 'model' object to serialized strings, then to external files for optimization. Optimized data is then loaded back into a ModelProto object. No untrusted external sources or network flows are involved.",
  "anomalies": "The code creates temporary files for intermediate storage, but does not handle external input beyond the 'model' parameter. No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation are present. Usage of external C functions is standard for extension modules.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily wraps around the 'onnxoptimizer' C++ extension to optimize models. It serializes models to strings, passes them to C functions for optimization, and then loads the optimized models. It employs temporary files to handle external data when serialization to in-memory strings fails, with proper cleanup. No network activity, credential handling, or malicious behaviors are detected. The use of external C functions appears legitimate and standard for such tasks. Overall, the code is straightforward and securely manages temporary files, with no signs of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard ONNX model optimizer wrapper using the onnxoptimizer extension. It handles model serialization, external data storage via temporary files, and calls into external C++ functions for optimization. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}