{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom operators for use with ONNX models, including various tokenizers, image and audio processing, and utility functions, to facilitate machine learning workflows.",
  "sources": "Reads from files (e.g., in serialize_attr methods for model vocabularies and models), and data inputs for ONNX operations such as tensors, strings, and numerical arrays.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes or reads model files (e.g., vocab files, model files in serialize_attr methods), but does not appear to send data over network or write to system files directly during execution. No explicit sinks for untrusted data are observed.",
  "flows": "Input data (strings, tensors) flow into operator methods like get_inputs, serialize_attr, and build_graph; data may be loaded from files in serialize_attr; data flows through the ONNX nodes created by build_graph; no external network or system modification observed.",
  "anomalies": "File reading in serialize_attr methods (e.g., for vocab files and model files) could be suspicious if filenames are untrusted; however, this appears to be for model initialization purposes. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected. The presence of _argsort_op with custom sorting is normal. No backdoors or hidden behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily creates custom ONNX operators and wraps them in classes with methods for input/output definitions and attribute serialization. It loads model files and vocabularies in a straightforward manner, with no signs of malicious behavior. There are no network calls, data exfiltration, or code injection points. The function _argsort_op is a standard numpy operation registered as a custom ONNX op. The build_graph method dynamically constructs ONNX graphs based on provided operator classes, which is typical for model graph creation. Overall, the code appears to serve as a utility for defining and creating model components, with no malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a set of custom operator definitions and graph builder utilities for ONNX models. It loads model files and vocabularies from disk, which is typical for model initialization. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or data leaks are detected. The code appears safe and intended for model construction and inference workflows.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}