{
  "purpose": "Generate absolute path to '../../../grammars' relative to the current file.",
  "sources": "The code reads the current file path via __file__ and constructs a path using os methods.",
  "sinks": "None directly; path construction is benign but could be misused for directory traversal if integrated maliciously.",
  "flows": "Input (__file__) flows into path joining and normalization functions, resulting in a constructed path.",
  "anomalies": "Use of non-standard attribute 'os.ZBmScMNaiZIocZHYgSXwzvHksASVWAMK' which likely causes runtime errors; obfuscation of attribute names.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated with nonsensical attribute access on the 'os' module, which does not exist in the standard library. This suggests obfuscation or malicious intent to hide behavior. The path construction to '../../../grammars' is straightforward but could be exploited for directory traversal. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads are evident. The obfuscation and invalid attribute access are red flags, but the core logic appears benign. The code would likely raise AttributeError unless the environment has monkey-patched 'os'. The high obfuscation score (around 0.8) is justified, while malware likelihood remains low (around 0.2). The overall security risk is moderate (~0.5) due to obfuscation and potential misuse, but no active malicious actions are demonstrated.",
  "conclusion": "The code is heavily obfuscated with suspicious attribute access, likely intended to conceal its true purpose. It constructs a path to a directory relative to the current file, which could be benign or malicious depending on context. No direct malicious activity is evident, but the obfuscation warrants caution. The scores should reflect high obfuscation (around 0.8), low malware likelihood (around 0.2), and moderate security risk (~0.5). Further analysis in a controlled environment is recommended to determine if the attribute is dynamically injected or if the code is part of a larger malicious scheme.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}