{
  "purpose": "The source code defines various UI widgets and graphical elements for terminal-based interfaces using the urwid library, including text display, line boxes, bar graphs, progress bars, and a Python logo.",
  "sources": "The code reads static data from parameters, attributes, and text markup. It does not read untrusted input or data from external sources like files, network, environment variables, or user input.",
  "sinks": "The code renders canvases and composites for display but does not send data over network, write to system files, execute external commands, or perform any actions that could be considered data leakage or malicious effects.",
  "flows": "The code creates visual representations by processing input data (e.g., bar data, labels, text) and rendering canvases. There are no source-to-sink data flows that could lead to code injection, data theft, or remote actions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated logic, are present. The code strictly focuses on UI rendering with safe, straightforward logic. There are no dynamic code execution, external network connections, or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of UI widget definitions for terminal display, utilizing safe rendering and data handling practices. It operates solely on provided data and does not include any network, file, or system command interactions. The code structure is clear, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious logic. The functions mainly perform data formatting, graphical calculations, and rendering, which are typical for such UI components. There are no indications of supply chain sabotage or malicious behavior within this module.",
  "conclusion": "This Python module is a set of safe, non-malicious UI widget classes for terminal interfaces. It does not contain any malware, backdoors, or security risks. The overall security risk score is very low, and confidence is high that this code is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}