{
  "purpose": "This code provides various UI widgets for terminal-based applications, including text display, decorative boxes, bar graphs, progress bars, and a Python logo.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as markup strings, attribute lists, bar data, and scale labels. It also imports modules and classes but does not read external data sources or network inputs.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs visual representations via Canvas objects and does not directly write data to external systems, files, or network. It uses rendering methods to produce UI components but no untrusted data flows to external sinks.",
  "flows": "Input parameters like markup, attribute lists, bar data, and scale labels flow through the widget methods for rendering. These are processed internally to produce visual output without external side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are present. Usage of standard widget classes and methods appears typical for a UI library. No suspicious dynamic code execution, network connections, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several UI widgets with typical rendering logic for terminal graphics, including text, boxes, bar graphs, and progress indicators. It imports necessary modules and only performs in-memory data manipulation for visual output. No external data sources, network connections, or system modifications are detected. The functions and classes follow standard design patterns for terminal UI components. The absence of code that executes system commands, accesses environment variables for secrets, or interacts with external systems suggests no malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears to be a well-structured UI component library with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate UI widget library for terminal applications. It does not contain any malicious or sabotage code, nor does it perform any suspicious external interactions. Its functions are limited to rendering ASCII and Unicode graphics based on provided data. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}