{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of custom exception classes for handling various Apple Accessibility (AX) errors and provides a factory function to generate these exceptions based on error codes. It also includes a function to check error codes and raise appropriate exceptions with messages.",
  "sources": "Error code inputs to 'check_ax_error' function; error_messages parameter providing error message mappings.",
  "sinks": "The 'raise' statement in 'check_ax_error' which raises exceptions based on error codes; the 'error_messages' mapping used to generate exception messages.",
  "flows": "Error code and error_messages flow into 'check_ax_error'; if error_code != success, message is retrieved from error_messages or defaulted; exception is raised via AXErrorFactory based on error_code.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward exception handling for AX errors, with no hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or backdoors. The 'error_messages' parameter may contain untrusted input, but this is expected in typical error handling. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides structured exception classes and a factory function for error handling related to AX errors. The 'check_ax_error' function raises exceptions with messages based on provided mappings, with fallback messages for unknown errors. It is a standard error handling pattern with no signs of malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or supply chain sabotage. There is no data leakage, network activity, or unsafe code present. The code relies on external error_messages input for message content, which should be trusted or validated in the broader context, but this does not constitute a security risk by itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward, non-malicious error handling module for AX error codes. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. It is safe in the context of supply chain security. No malicious intent or malicious code patterns are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}