{
  "purpose": "This code defines a configuration management system for a Sanic JWT authentication library, handling settings, defaults, and overrides.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration keys from a provided dictionary (app_config), environment variables, and cached values.",
  "sinks": "Calls to utils.load_file_or_str for secret and private_key, dynamic attribute access for configuration items, and cache functions like get_cached and to_cache.",
  "flows": "Configuration values are loaded from app_config, possibly overridden, cached, or loaded from files. Secrets and keys are loaded from files or strings. The code retrieves configuration values dynamically via property calls and cache checks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets except the DEFAULT_SECRET, which is a placeholder. The code loads secrets via utils.load_file_or_str, which could be malicious if utils is compromised, but this is standard practice. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or hidden behaviors detected. The use of dynamic attribute access and cache may be a vector for subtle misuse if utils or cache functions are malicious, but in isolation, this appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard configuration management with defaults, overrides, and dynamic loading. It checks for secret validity and loads keys from files if necessary, which is typical for cryptographic setups. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors is present. All functions seem to serve legitimate configuration purposes. No suspicious network activity or obfuscation is detected. The only point of concern could be if utils functions are malicious, but this is external and outside the scope of this code fragment.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical configuration handling module for a JWT library. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. It loads secrets securely and manages configurations in a conventional manner. No malware or malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}