{
  "purpose": "This code manages configuration settings for a Sanic JWT authentication system, including secrets, keys, and various options related to token handling and security policies.",
  "sources": "Configuration inputs from app_config, environment variables, and external utility functions such as utils.load_file_or_str and utils.generate_token.",
  "sinks": "Configuration attributes accessed via getattr, secrets loaded into internal variables, cache functions (get_cached, is_cached, to_cache), and token generation functions.",
  "flows": "Configuration values are set or overridden via app_config or defaults, secrets are loaded from files or strings, and cache is used to retrieve stored configuration or secrets. The generate_token function is used for token creation, but no malicious data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of a hardcoded plaintext secret ('This is a big secret. Shhhhh') which is insecure but not malicious. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns are present. Reliance on external utils functions could be a risk if those are compromised, but within this code, no malicious activity is indicated.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive configuration management class with support for defaults, aliases, and dynamic overrides. It loads secrets securely from files or strings, manages cache for configuration values, and handles various security-related options. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The only security concern is the default plaintext secret, which should be replaced with an environment variable or secure secret in production. The use of external utils functions is standard but warrants review in the overall supply chain. The code is well-structured, readable, and follows best practices for configuration handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign configuration module for JWT authentication with no malicious behavior detected. The primary security issue is the default plaintext secret, which should be replaced in production. No signs of supply chain attacks, obfuscation, or malicious code are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}