{
  "purpose": "The code generates cURL commands from an OpenAPI/Swagger specification, resolving schemas and handling various parameters and security schemes.",
  "sources": "Reads OpenAPI specification via prance.ResolvingParser, particularly 'paths', 'parameters', 'components/securitySchemes', and request body schemas.",
  "sinks": "Generates cURL command strings which include user input placeholders, security headers, and request bodies.",
  "flows": "Parses spec -> extracts endpoints and parameters -> constructs URLs and headers -> builds cURL commands with request bodies.",
  "anomalies": "Uses placeholder tokens like '<API_KEY>', '<token>', '<value>', '<file>' directly in generated commands, indicating potential injection points. No hardcoded credentials found. No obfuscated or unusual code patterns. The functions handle recursion with visited references to prevent infinite loops. Security schemes are integrated into headers or query strings, but placeholders are static. No network or data exfiltration code observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily processes OpenAPI specifications to generate cURL commands, handling parameters, security, and request bodies with placeholders. It safely avoids infinite recursion with visited_refs. Security schemes are inserted as placeholders, not real secrets. No dynamic code execution or network connections are present. The code's main risk is in the generation of command templates with placeholders, which could be misused if those placeholders are replaced maliciously outside this script. Overall, the code performs static processing without malicious intent or malicious code patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard utility for generating API request commands from a specification. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage. The use of placeholders is typical for template generation, not malicious injection. No malware or security risks are detected beyond potential misuse of placeholders, which is outside the scope of this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}