{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for inspecting and retrieving detailed source code and variable information from Python stack frames and tracebacks, primarily for debugging or visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads source code via inspect.findsource, inspect.getsourcelines, and retrieves variable values from local and global scopes through lookup function. It also reads attributes dynamically using getattr.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any evident sinks that could lead to data leaks or malicious effects. It mainly reads source code, variables, and attributes; it does not write or transmit data, nor execute untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Source of data includes source code and variables obtained from inspect and the provided frame or traceback; these flow into annotated source maps, variable assignments, and structured frame info objects. There are no dynamic execution or external data sinks involved.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard inspection and data retrieval methods. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or backdoors are present. The presence of classes like CensoredVariable and UnresolvedAttribute may be for hiding sensitive info, but they are part of debugging support.",
  "analysis": "The code is designed for source inspection and variable retrieval from frames and tracebacks. It uses standard Python inspection modules and data structures, with no evident malicious intent. The functions handle errors gracefully and do not perform unsafe operations. The usage of dynamic attribute access and the handling of unresolved attributes are consistent with debugging tools. No external network or system manipulation appears to be involved. The code’s purpose aligns with safe debugging and visualization, and there are no signs of data exfiltration or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate debugging utility that inspects source code and variable states in Python frames. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. It mainly reads source and variable data locally for introspection. No evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious data flow is present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}