{
  "purpose": "The code provides various utility functions for string manipulation, encoding, decoding, compression, and Roman numeral conversions, intended for general use in Python projects.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as input_string, input_number, or other arguments provided to utility functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if input data contains sensitive information; however, the code does not include network or file system operations that could be exploited. No external sinks or untrusted data effects are explicitly present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters (sources) through processing steps within functions, such as regex replacements, normalization, encoding, or compression, and then returns processed data; no external data transmission or insecure data handling is observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. The code makes extensive use of regex and encoding libraries but does not execute external code or include suspicious obfuscated logic. The use of uuid4 for placeholders is standard. No suspicious network activity or privilege escalation is present. The functions are straightforward utilities with no hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code implements string manipulation, encoding, and compression functions using standard Python libraries. No external inputs influence system behavior beyond parameter inputs, and no dynamic code execution or network activity is evident. The Roman numeral conversion, string formatting, and sanitization routines are safe and do not appear to be malicious. The compression/decompression functions rely on zlib and base64, which are common libraries. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage. The overall structure and function implementations appear legitimate and aligned with typical utility modules.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a collection of string utilities and encoding functions with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs common tasks safely and uses standard libraries without obfuscation or hidden logic. No security risks or malware indications are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}