{
  "purpose": "The code provides an interface to manage and export data from logic analyzer captures, including adding/removing analyzers and exporting captured data in various formats.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters, particularly settings, filter queries, file paths, and analyzer handles. External inputs include file paths, analyzer configuration data, filter queries, and channel selections.",
  "sinks": "Data exported to files via specified file paths; gRPC calls to stub methods potentially send or receive data. No untrusted data is directly used in system commands or sensitive operations.",
  "flows": "Inputs (file paths, settings, filter parameters) are processed into protobuf requests and sent via gRPC stub methods. Data flows from parameters into request objects, which are transmitted to the underlying API.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution patterns are present. The code primarily performs API request construction and transmission. No suspicious behavior like network connections to unknown domains, system modifications, or hidden data exfiltration is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs and sends protobuf requests for managing captures, analyzers, and data export. It handles data through structured parameters and standard API calls. No code injection, data leakage, or insecure data handling mechanisms are observed. The use of external protobuf modules and gRPC calls appears standard and safe. There are no signs of malicious backdoors, credential theft, or privacy violations. The code follows typical API interaction patterns, with proper handling of optional parameters and data types. Overall, it functions as a wrapper for API calls without any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate API wrapper for logic analyzer capture management, with no detectable malicious behavior or sabotage. It responsibly handles parameters and API calls, with no suspicious signals. The security risk appears minimal, and the likelihood of malware or malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}