{
  "purpose": "The code interacts with the Shopify API to perform various operations such as fetching shop info, managing products, collections, publications, and metafields.",
  "sources": "Inputs include method parameters such as shop URLs, API tokens, product IDs, collection IDs, publication IDs, product variant IDs, and data from input arguments like book_inputs and metafield definitions. Environment variables or external inputs are indirectly used through parameters passed to methods.",
  "sinks": "GraphQL execution calls with dynamically constructed queries/variables; potential data leakage if inputs are untrusted; method returns may expose data; API tokens and IDs are used in queries, but these are expected parameters.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows from method parameters into GraphQL query constructions, then to API calls; responses are parsed and returned, with some data transformations. The flow from input to API call to output is consistent, with no evident untrusted data injection into code execution contexts.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains multiple obfuscated-looking variable and method names, but no evidence of malicious obfuscation techniques. It uses dynamic GraphQL queries with string formatting, which could be risky if inputs are not validated, but no hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. No suspicious network connections or file operations are observed. The import of a GraphQL schema file at startup appears benign.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a session with Shopify using provided credentials, then performs multiple GraphQL queries and mutations to retrieve or modify shop data, products, collections, publications, and metafields. The dynamic construction of GraphQL variables from method inputs introduces potential injection risk if inputs are untrusted, but the parameters seem to be IDs and data provided by callers, not user input. No code injection, backdoors, or hidden commands are present. The code reads a GraphQL schema file at the start, which is standard and benign. The use of obfuscated variable names might be an attempt to hide intent, but the operations performed are typical API interactions. No network activity outside Shopify API calls, no malicious file or system modifications, and no data exfiltration code are visible. Overall, the code appears to be a straightforward API wrapper with some dynamic query construction, no evidence of malicious intent or malware, and standard API security practices. The only concern is the use of string formatting with external data, which should be validated to prevent injection, but no such vulnerability is explicitly detected here.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions as a Shopify API client wrapper performing data retrieval and management operations. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The use of dynamic GraphQL query construction poses a minor security risk if inputs are not validated, but within the provided context, the code appears to serve legitimate purposes with no dangerous actions. The obfuscated variable names are suspicious but do not indicate malicious intent on their own. Overall, the package shows low risk with no malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}