{
  "purpose": "This code provides exception classes, warnings, and helper functions for handling errors and deprecations in the stravalib Python library interacting with the Strava API.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters, class initializations, and constants within the warnings and exceptions. No external untrusted data sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include raising exceptions, issuing warnings, and formatting strings for warning messages.",
  "flows": "Flow involves capturing errors via exceptions, issuing deprecation or unsupported parameter warnings, and propagating errors or warnings based on function calls or deprecated methods.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, obfuscated code, or malicious behaviors. The warnings are standard for deprecation and unsupported features. No suspicious external network activity or code injections are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a series of custom exception classes for handling various errors encountered when interacting with the Strava API, including authentication errors, rate limiting, and activity upload failures. It includes functions to issue warnings about deprecated, unsupported, or unofficial features, using Python's warnings module. The functions generate deprecation or informational messages and are invoked with parameters like class types, method names, parameter names, and URLs. The code's structure is straightforward, primarily focusing on error and warning management, with no indications of malicious intent. There are no external data inputs, network communications, or obfuscated segments. All behaviors align with typical library maintenance and error handling routines.",
  "conclusion": "The code serves as an error handling and deprecation warning utility within the stravalib library. It does not contain any malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. Its purpose is to manage exceptions and inform users about deprecated or unsupported features. Overall, it appears safe and intended solely for error management.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}