{
  "purpose": "Analyze the provided Django settings code for malicious behavior, security risks, obfuscation, and anomalies, focusing on external module invocation and insecure defaults.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data such as SECRET_KEY, DEBUG setting, and imports 'django_integrator' which calls 'add_application()'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'add_application()' call which could execute arbitrary code if 'django_integrator' is malicious or compromised.",
  "flows": "The source of configuration data (SECRET_KEY, DEBUG) flows into security posture; the import and invocation of 'django_integrator' could lead to code execution if malicious.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual inclusion of 'django_integrator' and its method call; hardcoded SECRET_KEY and DEBUG=True are insecure defaults; no obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Django settings file with insecure defaults (hardcoded SECRET_KEY, DEBUG=True). The main concern is the import of 'django_integrator' and its 'add_application()' call, which could execute arbitrary code if the module is malicious or compromised. No obfuscation or malicious code is directly visible. The malware score should remain at 0 due to lack of evidence of malicious activity. The security risk score is moderate (~0.6), reflecting insecure configurations and external code invocation. The code itself is straightforward, with no obfuscation. The external module's trustworthiness is unknown, warranting further investigation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical Django configuration with insecure defaults and an external module invocation that could pose a security risk if the module is malicious. No direct malicious code or obfuscation is present. The primary concern is the trustworthiness of 'django_integrator'. The malware score remains at 0, but the security risk is moderate (~0.6). It is recommended to verify and trust external modules before deployment and to address insecure defaults for production security.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}