{
  "purpose": "This script encrypts or decrypts Python code files using a custom TokenCryptor, generating a main script that dynamically loads and executes the decrypted code.",
  "sources": "Reading input file (file specified by --input), reading lines for import detection, reading file content for encryption/decryption",
  "sinks": "Writing to output file (specified by --output), writing the generated 'mainscript.pyw' which executes decrypted code via import and exec",
  "flows": "Input file is read; code is encrypted/decrypted; if encrypt mode, creates a script that loads the encrypted code, generates a main script that imports and executes the decrypted code",
  "anomalies": "The 'create_main_pyw' function constructs a script that dynamically imports a module derived from the output filename and executes its decrypted content via exec, which can be risky. The code replaces newlines in encrypted content with spaces before embedding, potentially obfuscating structure but not malicious. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The script performs standard file reading and writing operations, utilizing a custom encryption class 'TokenCryptor'. It carefully avoids encrypting import statements, instead encrypting other code lines. When encrypting, it embeds the encrypted code into a string within a generated script that imports the encrypted module and decrypts it at runtime, executing the decrypted code. The approach of dynamically importing a module and executing decrypted content via exec can be exploited if the encrypted code is malicious or manipulated, but the code itself does not include malicious payloads or backdoors. There are no signs of data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious system modifications. The dynamic import and exec are potentially unsafe but are part of the intended functionality; they are not inherently malicious. Overall, the code appears to implement a code obfuscation/encryption tool with some dynamic execution, but no malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a file encryption/decryption utility with dynamic code execution features. While it employs techniques that could be risky if misused, it does not contain malicious intent or malicious code components. The primary concern is the use of exec on decrypted code, which could be dangerous if the encrypted content is malicious, but the script itself is not malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}