{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to facilitate the creation of Kubernetes resources from YAML files or dictionaries, supporting both standard and server-side apply methods, with verbose logging options.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from YAML files (via file paths and os.listdir), YAML object lists (via yaml_objects), and dictionaries (via data parameter). It also reads environment variables indirectly through the os and re modules but does not process untrusted input from external sources beyond file reads.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable operations include network calls to Kubernetes API endpoints via the kubernetes client methods (e.g., create_namespaced_{kind}, server_side_apply). These functions send data over the network to Kubernetes servers, but do not include user-controlled network parameters. The code does not process untrusted user input for command execution or shell operations. It writes logs via print, which is not a security sink. No direct data leakage, code injection, or unsafe SQL is present.",
  "flows": "Input YAML files or objects are parsed and transformed into API calls to the Kubernetes client. Data flows from file reading or YAML object input into API method invocations (create_{kind} or server_side_apply), which send data to external Kubernetes servers. No untrusted external data processing or command execution flows are evident beyond the API requests.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation are observed. The code handles YAML parsing safely with a custom loader. It uses regex transformations for kind names, which are standard procedures. The exception handling captures API exceptions and re-raises them wrapped in a custom error class. No obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script provides functions for reading Kubernetes resource definitions from YAML files or dictionaries and creating these resources via the Kubernetes API. It handles both single resources and lists, converting API versions and kinds to appropriate client method calls. The code includes error handling for API exceptions and logs creation events. It does not include any malicious network activity, credential handling, or obfuscated code. The only potential concern might be if the YAML files contain malicious resource definitions; however, this is a standard Kubernetes operation and not inherently malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility for Kubernetes resource creation, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Kubernetes resource management utility with no malicious or suspicious behavior. It securely parses YAML files and interacts with Kubernetes APIs to create resources, with appropriate error handling. No malware or security risks are identified beyond the inherent risks of deploying untrusted YAML configurations, which is a typical operational concern rather than a security vulnerability in the code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}