{
  "purpose": "This code defines thread-safe and asynchronous queue classes supporting different queue behaviors (FIFO, priority, LIFO), with mechanisms for shutdown, task management, and integration with asyncio event loops.",
  "sources": "The code reads system information (Python version), event loops, and data input through queue operations (put/get). It also inspects and manages internal queue states.",
  "sinks": "The code updates internal queue states and notifies condition variables; no data is sent over the network or to external systems directly. No apparent data leakage points are present.",
  "flows": "Input data is enqueued via put/put_nowait methods; data flows through internal deque or heap structures; data is dequeued via get/get_nowait; shutdown triggers exception raising and task completion signaling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors are present. The code manages threading and asyncio conditions carefully; no obfuscated or misleading code segments are identified. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or malicious code behavior is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements thread-safe and async-aware queue classes with standard methods for enqueueing, dequeueing, and task completion. The shutdown mechanisms set internal flags and notify waiting threads/async tasks. All input and internal state changes are contained within well-defined methods. No suspicious or malicious logic, such as external network communication, credential theft, or backdoors, is evident. The code relies on standard library constructs and practices for thread synchronization and asyncio coordination. There are no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. The primary concern is correct thread and async handling, which appears to be handled properly.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of thread-safe and async-compatible queue classes supporting multiple behaviors. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected. It appears to be a legitimate utility module for managing queues with shutdown and task tracking features.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}