{
  "purpose": "This code implements a thread-safe, asynchronous, and synchronous queue library supporting different queue types (standard, priority, LIFO) with shutdown and task management features.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the queue during put, get, and task_done operations. It also reads system version info via sys.version_info and retrieves the current event loop via asyncio.get_running_loop().",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the shutdown method (which raises exceptions to terminate queue operations) and various get/put methods that could be exploited if misused, but they do not process untrusted external data directly.",
  "flows": "Data flows primarily within the queue methods, especially during put, get, task_done, and shutdown, where internal state changes are made. These do not involve external untrusted sources but handle internal data structures.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. It dynamically adapts to different Python versions and handles complex thread and event loop interactions without obvious malicious intent. No external network connections, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a multi-protocol, multi-threaded and async queue library with shutdown and task tracking features. It carefully manages thread locks, asyncio conditions, and task states. It performs version-specific adjustments and provides proxies for sync and async access. No code patterns indicate malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The primary functions are queue management and synchronization, with no external data handling beyond internal state.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a well-structured, standard implementation of a thread-safe, asyncio-compatible queue system. It does not exhibit malicious or sabotage behavior. It functions as intended for internal queue management in Python applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}