{
  "purpose": "Define package setup configuration with custom post-install actions to run an external script after installation.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (via os.path and subprocess), package metadata, and package data. The main data source is the 'utilities.py' script located in the installed package directory.",
  "sinks": "The subprocess.run call executes 'utilities.py' with '--run' argument, which could potentially execute arbitrary code if 'utilities.py' is malicious or compromised.",
  "flows": "During installation, the code checks for 'utilities.py' and executes it via subprocess, potentially running untrusted or malicious code if 'utilities.py' contains harmful instructions.",
  "anomalies": "Running a script from within the package installation process is unusual and can be used to execute arbitrary code without user consent. The script is executed without validation or sandboxing. No explicit security checks are performed before execution.",
  "analysis": "The setup script defines a custom install command that, after the standard installation process, locates 'utilities.py' within the package directory and executes it using subprocess. The execution of an arbitrary script during package installation can be risky if 'utilities.py' contains malicious code or is compromised. The rest of the setup configuration appears standard, with dependencies and metadata. The key concern is the automatic execution of 'utilities.py' without validation or user warning, which could be exploited for malicious purposes. No hardcoded credentials, network connections, or suspicious obfuscation are present. The code is straightforward and structurally normal, but the execution of an internal script post-install is potentially dangerous if the script is malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains a potentially malicious behavior: executing an internal script ('utilities.py') during installation without validation. This can be exploited to run arbitrary code during package installation. The setup process itself is standard, but the post-install script execution poses a security risk if the script is malicious or compromised.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 2
}