{
  "purpose": "The code defines gRPC client and server classes for protobuf-defined services related to 'Frames'. It provides method stubs, service registration, and API calls for a gRPC service.",
  "sources": "Imports 'grpc' module, protobuf definitions from frames_pb2, and method definitions within classes.",
  "sinks": "Potentially, the code serializes data via protobuf for network transmission; however, no untrusted input handling or data leaks are directly evident.",
  "flows": "Code flow involves gRPC method calls (client-side) serializing requests and deserializing responses, and server-side methods that are currently unimplemented and just raise errors.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. All methods are unimplemented, serving as placeholders. No suspicious network activity or data leaks. The code appears auto-generated from protobuf definitions. No obfuscated code or unusual constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is auto-generated gRPC service and client definitions with method stubs that raise 'not implemented' errors. It uses standard gRPC patterns for serialization/deserialization. No untrusted data handling, input validation, or insecure behaviors are visible. The code structure is typical for protobuf-generated gRPC services, and no anomalies or malicious behaviors are evident. There are no signs of malware, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The presence of unimplemented methods suggests this is a template or scaffolding rather than active malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be auto-generated scaffolding for gRPC services with no malicious intent or suspicious behaviors. It is standard boilerplate code used for defining gRPC communication channels. No malware or security risks are detected, but the service implementations need to be provided for full functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}