{
  "purpose": "This code defines a series of constant mappings (string-to-string) representing various enumerated types, codes, or configuration options for a financial trading system, likely used as part of a larger trading API or system configuration.",
  "sources": "These mappings are hardcoded as string assignments within the source file, serving as lookup tables or enumerations for the system's internal logic or data serialization/deserialization.",
  "sinks": "There are no indications of data input from untrusted sources or outputs that could lead to data leaks, command injections, or system control. The code does not perform any operations beyond static assignments.",
  "flows": "No data flows are present; this code only establishes static constants. There are no input-to-output data flows, command executions, or external communications initiated here.",
  "anomalies": "The entire code is a large set of static string assignments mapping descriptive names to short string codes. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious constructs are present. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic are observed. The pattern appears to be standard enumeration definitions.",
  "analysis": "This file is a straightforward collection of constant definitions used as enumerations or lookup tables for various system parameters. It contains no functions, no data processing, and no control flow logic. All assignments are static and do not involve dynamic execution or external data sources. The code appears to be a standard and well-structured set of constants for a trading system, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static definition of constants serving as enumeration mappings, with no malicious behavior detected. It is typical for configuration or protocol definitions in a trading system. No security risks, malware, or obfuscation are present. The code appears safe and standard for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}