{
  "purpose": "The code defines a comprehensive set of static string constants representing various enumerations, status codes, configuration options, and protocol identifiers used within a financial trading system. These constants facilitate encoding, decoding, and interpreting protocol messages and system states.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from hardcoded constant definitions, serving as lookup tables or enumeration mappings.",
  "sinks": "There are no data sinks or external data flows; the code does not process untrusted input or produce output beyond static mappings.",
  "flows": "No dynamic data flows exist; the code consists solely of static constant assignments used for reference within other system components.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, suspicious patterns, or malicious constructs are present. The code is straightforward, domain-specific, and static.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises static definitions mapping descriptive identifiers to short string codes, typical for protocol or configuration enumerations in a financial trading system. There are no functions, dynamic code, or data processing. The constants are used for encoding message types, statuses, account types, and other protocol-specific values. No signs of obfuscation, malicious payloads, or secret keys are detected. The structure and content are consistent with standard practice for such systems. The absence of any dynamic or external data interactions indicates a benign purpose. The large volume of constants does not pose a security risk, as they are non-secret and domain-specific.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a static, domain-specific enumeration resource used for encoding and interpreting protocol messages and system states within a financial trading platform. It contains no malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and overall security risk is negligible. It is a safe configuration resource with no supply chain threat.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}