{
  "purpose": "The code provides a web UI for performing protein, DNA, RNA, ligand, and ion structure prediction using the AlphaFold3 model with user input sequences or selections.",
  "sources": "The code reads user input sequences, selections from dropdowns, session hashes, and session data from Gradio state.",
  "sinks": "It saves generated PDB files to a cache directory, potentially deleting cache directories. It also evaluates and runs the model inference, which could be a resource-intensive or sensitive operation.",
  "flows": "User input (sequences, selections) → add_entity function → fold function → model inference → save structure to cache directory → output path.",
  "anomalies": "The use of the 'secrets' module for generating filename tokens, and the presence of functions for deleting user cache directories, which could be misused to delete arbitrary directories if misconfigured. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors are detected. The code does not perform network connections or data exfiltration. No obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes a structure prediction pipeline using AlphaFold3, with a Gradio web interface for user interaction. User inputs sequences or selects molecules, which are validated for character content. The 'fold' function prepares inputs for the model, runs inference, and saves the output as a PDB file in a user-specific cache directory, identified by a session hash. The delete_cache function removes user cache directories. The code uses the 'secrets' module for token generation, which is appropriate for filename randomness. No dynamic code execution, network connections, or data leaks are present. The code appears straightforward and does not contain signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard application interface for structure prediction using AlphaFold3, with input validation, cache management, and file output. No malicious or suspicious behavior is evident, and the code focuses on functional structure prediction and file handling. The only minor concern is the cache deletion function, which should be securely used in production to avoid directory traversal or unintended deletions, but this does not constitute malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}