{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions and classes for handling GSSAPI, SPNEGO, Kerberos, and NTLM tokens, including packing and unpacking ASN.1 structures used in authentication protocols.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from byte strings passed to functions like unpack_token() and unpack(), which process raw token bytes; ASN.1 parsing functions extract data from these byte strings.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily processes cryptographic tokens, ASN.1 data, and mechanism identifiers. It does not include code that writes data to external systems or networks, nor does it execute commands based on input data.",
  "flows": "Raw token bytes are input into unpack_token() which determines the token type and may invoke mechanism-specific unpacking functions (like NTLMMessage.unpack(), KerberosV5Msg.unpack()). Data from these functions flows into objects or returned data structures; ASN.1 parsing functions extract specific fields, with no external side-effects or data transmissions observed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation. The ASN.1 packing/unpacking uses standard libraries and well-defined protocols. No dynamic execution, external network calls, or code injection mechanisms are present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement standard token processing for GSSAPI and related protocols, with functions for packing and unpacking ASN.1 structures according to RFC specifications. It handles token types like NTLM, Kerberos, and SPNEGO without any dynamic code execution or network operations. The processing of input data is purely parsing and serialization. No hardcoded credentials or secret values are present. The functions are designed for token manipulation rather than malicious activities. The code relies on external ASN.1 and mechanism libraries, which are assumed to be safe and standard. Overall, the code is a typical implementation of protocol token handling, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, protocol-compliant implementation of GSSAPI, SPNEGO, Kerberos, and NTLM token processing. It does not exhibit malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It appears safe and appropriate for legitimate authentication tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}