{
  "purpose": "The script performs file encryption and decryption using AES-GCM, manages system memory settings, creates temporary directories/files, and hashes files for verification.",
  "sources": "Reads input files for hashing, file data for encryption/decryption, environment variables for system info, and randomness for cryptographic operations.",
  "sinks": "Writes encrypted/decrypted data to output files, creates/deletes files/directories, and potentially exposes cryptographic keys temporarily in memory.",
  "flows": "Reads data from files -> encrypts/decrypts in buffers -> writes to output files; also system info/entropy sources influence cryptography; temporary data is zeroized after use.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures. Use of memory locking and zeroization indicates focus on security. No unusual network activity, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors. File and directory operations are standard. Some print statements for status updates.",
  "analysis": "The code implements cryptographic operations securely with proper key handling, memory locking, and zeroization. It manages system memory settings on Windows, creates and deletes temporary files/directories, and verifies file integrity via hashing. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The cryptographic use appears standard, with attention to memory security. File I/O and directory handling follow typical patterns. No malicious payloads, malicious code insertion, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code does not include any obfuscation or uncommon language features that could hide malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate cryptographic utility with no signs of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code performs legitimate cryptographic operations, manages system resources, and handles files securely. There are no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. It is a well-structured, security-conscious script without malicious behaviors or malware. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}