{
  "purpose": "The code introduces a method to corrupt data by adding missing values based on a pattern related to the data's own distribution (MNAR). It aims to simulate missing not at random (MNAR) scenarios for data analysis or machine learning experiments.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters X, which can be numpy.ndarray, torch.Tensor, or list (converted to numpy). It also reads optional parameters like offset for the missing data pattern.",
  "sinks": "There are no direct sinks such as network connections, file writes, or data exfiltration points. The functions modify the input data in-place (for numpy and torch), but do not leak data externally or perform any data transmission.",
  "flows": "Input data X flows into the internal functions (_mnar_x_numpy or _mnar_x_torch) which compute mean and standard deviation, then generate a missing data mask, and modify the data by setting certain values to NaN based on the calculated mask. The processed data flows back as the output of mnar_x.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain suspicious or unusual code constructs. It performs data manipulation based on statistical thresholds. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. No external network activity or system modification is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a data corruption process that introduces missing values according to a statistical rule. It clones input data to prevent external modification. It computes means and standard deviations, then applies a threshold (mean + offset * std) to determine which values to set as missing. The process is consistent and transparent, focusing solely on data transformation. No malicious or covert activities are detected. The functions handle different data types (numpy and torch) properly. No signs of malware, backdoors, or security exploits are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is intended for data simulation or augmentation in research or testing contexts. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation or suspicious side-effects. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}