{
  "purpose": "The code manages database connections, supports multiple database types, reads configuration files, and handles connection parameters dynamically, primarily for Robot Framework integration.",
  "sources": "Configuration files, user-provided parameters, environment variables, and dynamically constructed connection strings.",
  "sinks": "Database connection creation via module-specific connect functions, execution of dynamically built connection code via eval(), and dynamic module importation.",
  "flows": "User/config inputs → dynamic module import and string construction → eval() execution or connection function call → database connection establishment.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval() on connection strings built from external inputs, dynamic import of modules based on unvalidated user input, absence of input sanitization or validation, and potential for code injection.",
  "analysis": "The code is a database connection utility that constructs connection parameters from configuration files and user inputs. It uses dynamic import (`importlib.import_module`) based on user-supplied module names, and constructs connection strings or parameter dictionaries. Critically, it employs eval() on these connection strings in `connect_to_database_using_custom_params()`, which poses a significant security risk if inputs are malicious. No malware, backdoors, or obfuscation are evident; the primary concern is unsafe dynamic code execution. The use of eval() allows arbitrary code execution if an attacker controls the connection string or parameters. The code's purpose is legitimate, but the unsafe eval() usage introduces a high security vulnerability. Input validation and sanitization are absent, and module names are not validated against a whitelist. Overall, the code is functionally typical but insecure due to eval().",
  "conclusion": "The code does not contain malware or malicious payloads but exhibits a critical security flaw through the use of eval() on untrusted data, which could lead to remote code execution if exploited. The primary risk stems from unsafe dynamic code execution practices, not malicious intent. To mitigate this, eval() should be replaced with safer parsing methods, and input validation should be enforced for module names and connection strings. The overall security risk is high, with a malware score of 0 and obfuscation score of 0. The security risk score is approximately 0.9, reflecting the severity of the eval() vulnerability.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.9,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}