{
  "purpose": "The code appears to handle text processing related to contractions, slang, and leftovers, providing functionalities for replacement, addition, and preview of text segments involving contractions.",
  "sources": "Reads JSON data for contraction, leftovers, and slang dictionaries using pkgutil.get_data; reads input text in the 'preview' function.",
  "sinks": "The 'replace' method on TextSearch instances potentially modifies input text; 'add' method updates dictionaries; 'findall' retrieves matches.",
  "flows": "Reads JSON data from package resources -> populates dictionaries -> creates TextSearch objects -> performs replacements and searches -> 'preview' function extracts matched text segments.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically generates all possible variations of contractions with and without apostrophes, which could produce a large number of entries but is not inherently malicious. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated code features identified. Usage of TextSearch seems standard, with no external data sources other than package data.",
  "analysis": "The code loads JSON data for contractions and related dictionaries from package resources, then modifies and extends these dictionaries with variations of contractions involving apostrophes. Several TextSearch instances are created to facilitate flexible matching, including case-insensitive and object-based search modes. The 'fix' function applies replacements using the appropriate TextSearch object based on parameters. The 'add' function updates all TextSearch objects with new entries. The 'preview' function extracts matched contractions with surrounding context for manual verification. There is no evidence of code injection, external network communication, or malicious data handling. All operations are confined within local package data and in-memory processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs text processing related to contractions and slang, utilizing local package data and standard search/replacement methods. There are no indications of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. It appears to be a legitimate utility module focused on text normalization.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}