{
  "purpose": "Implement a client transport module for MCP protocol communication over HTTP, supporting JSON-RPC messages, SSE streaming, session management, and retries.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include: user-provided headers, HTTP response headers, server-sent events (SSE), and message streams from write_stream_reader.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can be sent to: read_stream_writer (as JSONRPCMessage or exceptions), and possibly used in error logs or as response data; no direct data leakage points are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from server responses (including SSE and HTTP responses) into parsing and message validation; outgoing messages from write_stream_reader are sent via POST requests, with session ID handling; session ID management influences request headers and session termination.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspiciously obfuscated code are present. The code handles exceptions thoroughly, ensuring errors are logged and communicated via message streams. The retry mechanism upon 404 errors for initialization requests is standard behavior, not suspicious. The code does not perform any network activity outside of the expected HTTP and SSE streams. No hidden or malicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The module establishes an HTTP client with SSE support, managing session IDs via headers, and handles JSON-RPC messages, including array responses, with careful parsing. It includes mechanisms for reconnecting, session termination, and error handling. All network interactions and data parsing appear standard for such a client. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or command injection are evident. The code's structure and variable usage are clear, with no signs of obfuscation. The thorough exception handling reduces risk of covert malicious exploits.\n\nOverall, the code demonstrates a typical implementation of an HTTP client with SSE and JSON-RPC support, adhering to expected protocols and error management without any malicious intent or security risks apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured client transport implementation for MCP communication. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or security risks. The design and data handling are consistent with normal client-server communication patterns, and no suspicious behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}