{
  "purpose": "The code implements a client transport for MCP communication over HTTP, supporting JSON-RPC messages, SSE streaming, session management, and message handling.",
  "sources": "Reads input from write_stream_reader (client messages) and server responses via HTTP response bodies and SSE events.",
  "sinks": "Sends data to read_stream_writer (processed server messages) and possibly logs or raises exceptions based on response contents.",
  "flows": "Messages from write_stream_reader are sent via HTTP POST; responses are read and validated, then forwarded to read_stream_writer. SSE events are parsed and also forwarded. GET SSE stream reads server-initiated messages, forwarding to the same stream.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious URL or domain, or backdoors detected. The code performs standard JSON-RPC over HTTP and SSE handling. No use of obfuscation or obfuscated code patterns. Exception handling is comprehensive, but no suspicious data leaks or malicious payloads are apparent. No network connections to suspicious or hardcoded external servers. No data exfiltration or unauthorized system access observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a detailed implementation of an HTTP-based client with SSE support for JSON-RPC messages, session management, and error handling. It uses standard libraries and patterns, with appropriate logging and exception management. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as hidden backdoors, data exfiltration, or code injection. The message handling correctly processes JSON, including array responses, and manages session IDs securely. SSE streams are handled according to standard protocols. No suspicious external domains or network behavior is evident beyond standard HTTP/HTTPS interactions. Overall, the implementation appears legitimate, focused on safe communication, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a well-structured, standard implementation of an HTTP/SSE client for JSON-RPC communication, with proper error handling and session management. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected. The package is safe based on this code review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}