{
  "purpose": "Provides a framework for parsing and analyzing source files or resources, supporting custom statement classes, blocks, and project management.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include files, resources, and byte streams, accessed via filesystem paths, package resources, or raw bytes.",
  "sinks": "Data is read from files, resources, or bytes; no evident data leakage or unsafe system calls are present. No untrusted data is written or transmitted externally.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from files/resources/bytes into parsing functions, which create parsed statement objects and build a project structure. No external or untrusted data is sent over the network.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments. Usage of hashlib for hashing is standard; no obfuscated or suspicious dynamic execution observed. The code extensively uses type hints and generic programming, but no suspicious patterns or misleading variable names are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive parsing framework with classes and functions for reading source files/resources, tokenizing content, and constructing hierarchical statement and block objects. Hashing functions for content integrity are standard, and resource handling uses Python's standard 'importlib.resources'. No evidence of code injection, data theft, or malicious network activity. The code is complex but appears legitimate, with no embedded or hidden malicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are present. The code uses standard Python features and libraries in a typical manner for source parsing and project management.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard, well-structured parsing framework for source files and resources, with no indications of malicious or sabotage activity. It primarily handles reading, tokenizing, and organizing source content securely, with standard hashing and resource management. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}