{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive framework for parsing and analyzing source files, supporting modular and customizable parsing strategies, including resource handling, hashing, and error management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from string content, file system paths, and Python package resources. It also reads file contents and resource bytes for hashing and parsing.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any evident sinks that send data over the network, modify system files, or execute code dynamically. It does perform file and resource I/O and handles potentially untrusted data streams, but these are standard parsing operations.",
  "flows": "Sources include file/resource contents and input strings; flows involve reading data, hashing, parsing into statements/blocks, and building structured representations. There are no flows that execute or evaluate untrusted code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The hash algorithms are selected dynamically, with a fallback warning. The resource handling carefully resolves paths, but nothing appears malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a flexible parsing framework with clear separation of concerns. It uses standard libraries for hashing, resource management, and type introspection. No code execution, network activity, or data exfiltration routines are present. The only noteworthy aspect is the dynamic selection of hash algorithms, which is benign. Error handling is thorough and structured. No signs of malicious logic or sabotage are present, and the code aligns with typical open-source parsing utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a parsing infrastructure with resource and file support, hashing, error management, and customizable strategies. It shows no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. All operations are standard for a parser framework. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}