{
  "purpose": "The code implements custom Flask form fields for uploading files and images, including UI rendering and object population logic.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from formdata in process methods; file uploads are handled via FileStorage objects; file validation checks occur in pre_validate methods.",
  "sinks": "File operations such as delete_file and save_file in filemanager and imagemanager; get_url for images; potential data leaks if file URLs are exposed.",
  "flows": "User submits form data -> process methods set delete flags -> populate_obj methods call filemanager or imagemanager to delete or store files based on flags.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets detected. Use of dynamic HTML rendering via string templates is standard but should be monitored for injection vulnerabilities, which appear unlikely here due to use of html_params. No obfuscated code or suspicious network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly defines form widgets and fields for file uploads, with standard validation and processing methods. The process methods set deletion flags based on form input, and populate_obj handles deleting or storing files accordingly, using provided FileManager and ImageManager classes. No code performs network operations, data exfiltration, or system modifications. File management functions are abstracted, making direct malicious activity difficult to assess but the calls appear standard. No hardcoded secrets or insecure practices are evident. The code leverages existing libraries properly and there are no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of file upload fields with proper validation and file handling logic. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage. The only potential concern is ensuring that the FileManager and ImageManager implementations do not contain hidden malicious code, which cannot be assessed here. Overall, the code is secure and not malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}