{
  "purpose": "Implement a memoization decorator for class properties to cache computed values.",
  "sources": "The decorator reads the function 'fun' to create a property; it accesses 'self._cache' to store and retrieve cached values.",
  "sinks": "No external data sources, network calls, or untrusted data handling are present; no sinks identified.",
  "flows": "The function 'fun' is used as a key in 'self._cache' to store the result of 'fun(self)'. The flow is from calling the property to caching the result in 'self._cache' with 'fun' as key, then retrieving from cache on subsequent calls.",
  "anomalies": "Uses the function object 'fun' directly as a cache key, which is unconventional but not malicious; exception handling for cache initialization is slightly unusual but not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a 'cached_property' decorator that caches the result of a property method in 'self._cache' using the function object 'fun' as the key. It handles missing '_cache' attribute with an AttributeError exception, initializing it as an empty dict. The decorator is straightforward and intended for memoization. No external data flows, network activity, or malicious code are present. The main concern is the unconventional use of 'fun' as a cache key, which could lead to unexpected cache misses if multiple functions are decorated or if 'fun' is not unique. However, this does not pose a security risk. The exception handling pattern is acceptable but slightly unorthodox. Overall, the code is benign, with no obfuscation or malicious intent. The low security risk scores assigned in the reports are justified, and malware scores are correctly set to 0.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign implementation of a cached property decorator with minor implementation quirks that do not pose security threats. The scores across reports are appropriate and consistent with the analysis. No modifications are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}