{
  "purpose": "The code defines various typed dictionaries, data structures, and type annotations for configuration settings related to AWS Glue, Athena, Timestream, Arrow encryption, Ray distributed processing, and S3 operations, primarily for data management and processing workflows.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from annotations, imported modules, and type definitions. No runtime data input sources are present; all data is derived from static type annotations and imported modules.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks such as network calls, file writes, or data transmissions are present. The code primarily consists of type definitions and configurations.",
  "flows": "There are no runtime data flows; the code only declares data structures and types used elsewhere in a larger application.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive detailed documentation comments, standard type definitions, and uses of external library references. No suspicious or unusual code behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code provides comprehensive data structure definitions for configuration settings used in data processing workflows on AWS. It relies on external libraries such as pyarrow for encryption configurations, but these are well-documented and appropriate for their purpose. No indications of malicious behavior, hardcoded credentials, or obfuscated code are present. The presence of detailed comments and type annotations suggests standard, well-structured code focused on configuration management. There are no signs of data leakage, code injection, or malicious logic. All imported modules are used solely for type annotations or documentation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be purely declarative, defining data structures and configuration schemas for data workflows. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The overall security risk is negligible. It is safe to use as part of a larger data processing system, assuming the external libraries are secure.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}