{
  "purpose": "Define various typed configurations and settings for AWS Glue, Athena, Timestream, Arrow encryption, Ray distributed processing, and S3 data handling.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters, environment variables indirectly via the pyarrow library configurations, and input parameters for configurations like bucket names, table names, and partition details.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data such as bucket names, KMS key IDs, and configuration details could be written or transmitted through network or storage actions, but no explicit data leak or external communication is present in the code itself.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sources) are assigned to configuration objects; no complex data flows or manipulations are present that could lead to security issues.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or suspicious hardcoded URLs are present. Use of pyarrow for encryption config might imply cryptographic operations but is standard for encryption/decryption setup; no misuse is evident. The generation of temp table names with uuid is benign. No obfuscated or malicious code is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly defines data structures and configuration schemas for AWS Glue, Athena, Timestream, Arrow encryption, and Ray settings. It uses type hints and annotations to enforce data correctness. No data is read from or written to external sources within this code snippet. No cryptic code, obfuscated patterns, or malicious logic is detected. The pyarrow library is used in a standard way for encryption configurations, and the rest are purely schema definitions. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or secret leakage mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of configuration schema definitions with no malicious logic or behavior. It is focused on specifying parameters and data types for various cloud and processing settings. No security risks or malware indications are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}