{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to load audio stems from files using ffmpeg, process them into numpy arrays, and handle multistream or multichannel audio data for further analysis or processing.",
  "sources": "Input filename (from function arguments), environment variables (implicitly used by ffmpeg), and ffmpeg subprocess output buffers.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the numpy array output containing audio data; no other sinks are explicitly present.",
  "flows": "Input filename is passed to ffmpeg subprocess via _read_ffmpeg; ffmpeg outputs raw buffer data which is then converted to numpy arrays; the data flows from file input to numpy tensor output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network connections are present. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is observed. Use of multiprocessing with atexit to close pools appears standard. No data leakage channels or privacy violations are evident. The code performs typical audio processing with ffmpeg and numpy. No unusual or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides functions for reading audio stems via ffmpeg, converting buffers to numpy arrays, and managing multiple streams or channels. It includes robust error handling for ffmpeg errors and ensures that audio data is correctly shaped and normalized. The code uses standard Python libraries and ffmpeg bindings. No signs of malicious activity such as network communications, data exfiltration, or system sabotage are present. The use of multiprocessing is standard and properly terminated. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code constructs are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard audio processing module with no malicious intent or security risks. It performs expected tasks such as reading audio streams, normalizing data, and handling multi-channel/multi-stream configurations safely. There are no indicators of malware, sabotage, or supply chain attacks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}