{
  "purpose": "The code provides wrapper functions for clipboard operations, such as copy, clear, and a custom function cHuvhYCUCSNtUQZVAQLHknnojHgdReCR, which internally call methods on an object imported from a local utility module.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters passed to copy, cHuvhYCUCSNtUQZVAQLHknnojHgdReCR, and clear functions.",
  "sinks": "The functions invoke methods on the LSLSZLPqjYWeMJtUkwAlGpJeGIMNrVhD object, which could potentially handle untrusted data. The object itself is initialized via a class constructor, but the actual source of the data passed to these methods is external (via function parameters).",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into methods of the clipboard object, which then perform actions like copy or clear. The flow from parameters to system state is typical for clipboard operations.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable and function names (e.g., LSLSZLPqjYWeMJtUkwAlGpJeGIMNrVhD, cHuvhYCUCSNtUQZVAQLHknnojHgdReCR) suggest an attempt to hide functionality. The import statements and class/method names are not descriptive. The code attempts to handle exceptions and raises a custom exception if the clipboard object cannot be initialized. No hardcoded credentials or malicious payloads are visible.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically imports utility modules and attempts to instantiate a clipboard object. If instantiation fails, it raises an exception. The wrapper functions check if the object was successfully created before invoking methods, otherwise raising an error. The code structure appears to be straightforward, serving as a bridge to clipboard operations, with obfuscated names possibly to hinder analysis. There are no signs of malicious network activity, code injection, or data exfiltration. The only suspicious element is the obfuscation, which could indicate an attempt to hide malicious intent, but on its own, it does not confirm malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code primarily functions as a wrapper for clipboard operations with obfuscated names, no malicious code or backdoors are evident. The obfuscation and exception handling are notable but not inherently malicious. It does not appear to perform any harmful actions such as data theft or system compromise based on the provided code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}