{
  "purpose": "A command-line utility for traversing directories or file IDs within the 115 cloud storage service, exporting metadata with flexible options including filtering, hashing, and output formatting.",
  "sources": "User inputs via command-line arguments (`args.select`, `args.dump`, `args.keys`, etc.), environment variables, and dynamically imported modules for network requests.",
  "sinks": "Execution of user-provided code snippets (`eval`, `exec`), dynamic module installation, and network request functions, which can lead to arbitrary code execution or resource manipulation.",
  "flows": "User inputs → eval/exec or dynamic module installation → code execution or network requests → data processing and output formatting.",
  "anomalies": "Use of `eval` and `exec` on user-supplied code snippets without sanitization, dynamic runtime installation of modules based on user input, and runtime import of request modules depending on user choice.",
  "analysis": "The code performs directory traversal and metadata extraction with flexible output options. It allows users to supply code snippets for custom processing, which are executed via `eval` or `exec` without sanitization, posing significant security risks. It also installs and imports modules dynamically based on user input, increasing attack surface. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The patterns used (eval/exec, dynamic installs) are known security risks but do not constitute malware. The code is readable and straightforward, with no signs of malicious payloads or obfuscation. The primary concern is the potential for arbitrary code execution if untrusted input is processed.",
  "conclusion": "The script exhibits dangerous practices such as unsafe eval/exec and dynamic module installation, which could be exploited in untrusted environments. However, there is no evidence of malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The malware score is 0, as no malicious behavior is present. The security risk is moderate to high (around 0.7), due to unsafe code execution patterns. The code should be used with caution, especially with untrusted input, but it is not inherently malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.7,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}