{
  "purpose": "Defines a class with a static method that performs a lazy import of an external function 'price_historical' and calls it with provided keyword arguments, serving as a wrapper for charting functionality.",
  "sources": "The dynamic import within the method of 'price_historical' from 'openbb_charting.charts.price_historical', and the 'kwargs' passed into the function.",
  "sinks": "The call to 'price_historical(**kwargs)', where untrusted input could flow into external code, potentially leading to misuse if 'price_historical' mishandles input.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'kwargs' into 'price_historical' via the function call, with the import being a source for the external dependency.",
  "anomalies": "The class and method names are non-descriptive and appear obfuscated or auto-generated, which could be suspicious but are not inherently malicious. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward wrapper that uses lazy import to invoke an external charting function with user-supplied parameters. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The dynamic import pattern is common in plugin architectures but can be exploited if the external module is compromised. The passing of untrusted data into 'price_historical' is a potential security concern but is typical in such wrappers. The obfuscated naming may raise suspicion but does not indicate malicious intent. The malware score is correctly set to 0, and the security risk score around 0.2 is justified due to the dynamic import and data flow. Obfuscation scores are slightly elevated in some reports due to naming but are acceptable given the context.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears benign, functioning as a simple wrapper around an external charting function with lazy import. There is no evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or active sabotage. The main concern is the potential misuse if 'price_historical' mishandles untrusted input, but this is outside the scope of this snippet. The obfuscation is minimal and likely stylistic. Overall, the code is low risk and safe for use, with scores aligned to its characteristics.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}