{
  "purpose": "The code provides a client interface for interacting with the WhyLabs API, including session management, profile uploads, and observatory links.",
  "sources": "Reads include input parameters such as session_id, org_id, and various request objects; these are provided by the user or calling functions.",
  "sinks": "Uses these input parameters in HTTP requests to the API endpoints. No unsafe data handling or direct data leakage functions are observed.",
  "flows": "User inputs (session_id, org_id, request objects) flow into API call methods, which then use the underlying _Endpoint objects to make HTTP requests to specific URLs with JSON bodies.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or unusual code constructs are present. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious API behaviors are detected. All imported modules are standard or part of the client library. No indications of backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a generated API client with clearly defined methods for making HTTP requests to a remote server. It properly manages parameters, sets headers, and delegates requests to the underlying _Endpoint.call_with_http_info method. There are no signs of malicious intent, such as network connections to suspicious domains, data theft, or hidden backdoors. The functions only perform expected API operations (POST, GET) with parameter validation. The imported modules are standard or relevant to the API client. No suspicious data flows or insecure practices (like SQL injection or unsafe environment variable use) are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, generated API client library intended for interacting with a specific service. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks based on the provided source. It appears safe and correctly structured for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}