{
  "purpose": "The code provides a client interface for interacting with the WhyLabs API, enabling session management and profile uploads for AI observability.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as session IDs, request objects, and organization IDs. No external input reading or environment variables are directly accessed.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network calls via the call_with_http_info method, which sends data over HTTP(S) to API endpoints, and possible handling of sensitive data within request objects. No insecure handling of untrusted data is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method arguments (inputs) through the call_with_http_info method, which constructs and performs HTTP requests to API endpoints, returning responses or status threads.",
  "anomalies": "The code is predominantly boilerplate generated by an API code generator. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code are present. No backdoors or malicious logic are detected. No unusual dynamic code execution, such as eval or exec, is observed. The use of imported modules like re and sys appear unused but benign.",
  "analysis": "The code is an auto-generated API client for managing sessions and profile uploads. It uses standard patterns for API interaction, including parameter validation and asynchronous request handling. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection, are evident. The code does not process or store sensitive data insecurely, nor does it connect to suspicious domains or perform malicious actions. The presence of unused imports like re and sys suggests standard boilerplate rather than malicious obfuscation. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate, generated API client with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical, auto-generated API client for interacting with the WhyLabs platform. No malicious behaviors, backdoors, or security risks are identified. It functions solely as an interface to send and receive data from official API endpoints, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}