{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python client for the WhyLabs API, allowing session management, data uploads, and profile link retrieval through various endpoints.",
  "sources": "User inputs are indirectly via API method arguments such as session_id, org_id, and request objects; these are typically provided by the user of the client library. No explicit data source reads within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests made to external API endpoints. The code constructs and sends JSON payloads and URL parameters, which could potentially be exploited if untrusted data is passed without validation. No unsafe execution or code injection points are evident.",
  "flows": "User-provided parameters (session_id, org_id, request objects) flow into the API call methods, which assemble HTTP requests to external servers. There are no internal processing flows that evaluate or execute untrusted data beyond request construction.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code. No dynamic code execution, evals, or insecure practices are present. Imports are standard, and the code structure aligns with auto-generated API clients.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be an auto-generated API client for the WhyLabs platform, with functions wrapping HTTP requests to specific endpoints. All parameters are passed explicitly through method calls, and no dynamic execution or code manipulation occurs. It uses standard practices for API interaction, including optional asynchronous request handling. There are no signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or security compromises within this code fragment. The use of external libraries is limited to necessary API client utilities. Overall, the code's structure and logic are typical of generated SDKs with no evident malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, auto-generated API client library for interacting with WhyLabs services. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. Its sole function is to facilitate API communication based on user-supplied data, with no suspicious or harmful logic observed.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}