{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to analyze structural distortions in crystal structures, convert files to CIF format, upload and process CIF files for symmetry and distortion analysis, and retrieve detailed mode information from an external web service.",
  "sources": "Reads input files (e.g., CIF, POSCAR), uploads CIF files via HTTP POST requests, retrieves HTML responses, and parses hidden form inputs to maintain session state.",
  "sinks": "HTTP POST requests to external servers (https://stokes.byu.edu/iso/...), file write operations for saving CIF and analysis results, and reading local files (CIF, POSCAR).",
  "flows": "Input files are read and uploaded via requests.post (source), responses are parsed for form data and hidden inputs, then subsequent requests submit data to external web services (sink). Responses containing analysis data are processed and saved locally.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive HTTP requests to external servers for symmetry and distortion analysis, which is typical for scientific processing but warrants caution. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code, malware signatures, or unusual behaviors are detected. It interacts with web services using standard libraries and methods, with no hidden or malicious code observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily facilitates scientific analysis of structural distortions by converting files, uploading them to a web service, parsing HTML form data, and retrieving results. It employs standard Python libraries (requests, BeautifulSoup, ase) and contains proper error handling and logging. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or cryptomining. The multiple requests to external web services are consistent with scientific workflows, not malicious activity. The code does not dynamically execute untrusted code, nor does it handle or store sensitive user data maliciously.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate scientific tool for analyzing crystal structure distortions, utilizing external web services. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, does not contain obfuscation, and poses no evident security risks. Its external communications are standard for this domain, and no suspicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}