{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to analyze structural distortions in crystal structures by converting files, uploading them to remote services for symmetry and distortion analysis, and retrieving the results.",
  "sources": "File reading operations (e.g., open for CIF files), user-supplied filenames, network requests to external servers (stokes.byu.edu) for uploading, symmetry finding, and mode analysis.",
  "sinks": "Network requests using requests.post to external servers, file writes for CIF and analysis results, and reading input files from the local filesystem.",
  "flows": "Source: Local file input and network uploads; Sink: Remote server processing via POST requests, and local file outputs. The code uploads CIF files, retrieves analysis data, and writes output files, with data flow from local files to external servers and back.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. The network interactions are to legitimate academic URLs for symmetry and distortion analysis. The code performs multiple uploads and downloads but no unusual or hidden network activity or obfuscated code is present. Logging includes debug and info messages, but no obscure language features or obfuscation patterns. The use of external services is consistent with its purpose, and no self-modifying or misleading code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The script performs file conversions, uploads files to remote servers for symmetry and distortion analysis, and retrieves results for further processing. The network requests are to known academic URLs, and the data handling involves typical HTTP POSTs with form data and files. The code does not include any hardcoded credentials or secret keys. The only external communication is with the specified 'byu.edu' servers, which are consistent with the intended scientific purpose. No malicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful operations are evident. The code structure is clear, with exception handling and logging, and no obfuscation or malware-like behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate scientific tool for analyzing crystal structure distortions, involving standard file processing and remote API calls. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. No malicious intent or sabotage is apparent, and the external interactions are with reputable academic URLs. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}