{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to analyze structural distortions in crystal structures by converting files to CIF format, uploading them to a remote server for symmetry analysis, and processing the results locally to extract mode amplitudes and details.",
  "sources": "Reads input files (e.g., structure files like POSCAR, CIF), reads CIF files locally, and makes HTTP POST requests to external servers for uploading CIF files, symmetry analysis, and obtaining mode details.",
  "sinks": "Uploads CIF files and form data via HTTP POST requests; writes output files such as CIF and analysis results to local disk; executes shell commands indirectly through the external server processes; processes server responses for symmetry and distortion data.",
  "flows": "Reads local files (source) -> Uploads files via HTTP POST (sink) -> Receives server responses containing analysis data (source) -> Parses and saves results locally (sink).",
  "anomalies": "Uses external web service endpoints without validation, which could be manipulated or compromised, but this appears standard for such analysis. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution detected. No hidden backdoors or malicious network activity beyond expected external API interactions.",
  "analysis": "The code performs file conversions, uploads data to external symmetry and distortion analysis services, and processes responses. The network interactions are limited to specific endpoints for symmetry and CIF processing, with error handling in place. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive data are present. All external calls are to legitimate-looking URLs for scientific analysis. No obfuscated code or suspicious code patterns are identified. The code’s behavior aligns with its purpose of structural analysis, with no evident malicious intent or harmful actions. It does not perform any unauthorized system modifications, data exfiltration, or malicious activities beyond legitimate web service communication.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a scientific analysis tool for crystal structures, utilizing external web services for symmetry and distortion analysis. It does not contain malicious code or behavior. Its network activities are limited to known scientific endpoints, and no signs of sabotage or malware are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}