{
  "purpose": "The code serves as a wrapper for the libsodium cryptography library, providing various cryptographic functions such as key generation, encryption, decryption, hashing, and key derivation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, including messages, keys, nonces, salts, seeds, and other cryptographic parameters. It also retrieves library version information and configuration constants from the libsodium library via ctypes calls.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that output cryptographic signatures, encrypted data, hashes, or keys. These outputs could be misused if misappropriated, but there is no evidence of data exfiltration or network activity within this code.",
  "flows": "The data flows from input parameters through cryptographic operations to outputs (signatures, ciphertexts, hashes, keys). There is no indication of external data transmission, reverse shells, or unauthorized system access. The functions operate locally, returning cryptographic artifacts.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard wrapper around the libsodium library. It includes version checks and a decorator to ensure compatibility. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. No obfuscated code, runtime code execution, or hidden behaviors are detected. The use of ctypes for calling external library functions is typical for such wrappers.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a comprehensive set of cryptographic functions, all of which utilize the libsodium library via ctypes. It performs input validation, size checks, and version-dependent feature handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication, privilege escalation, or backdoors. The functions are standard cryptographic primitives and operations with no evidence of malicious intent. The overall structure is a typical security-focused wrapper library with appropriate safety checks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate cryptographic wrapper for libsodium with no indications of malicious behavior. It does not contain any hidden functions, network activity, or backdoors. It appears to be a standard, security-conscious implementation providing cryptographic utilities. The malware score is very low, and there are no security risks beyond the expected cryptographic operations, which are implemented securely and properly validated.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}