{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python wrapper around the libsodium cryptographic library, exposing various cryptographic functions such as hashing, encryption, key generation, and scalar operations for use in security-sensitive applications.",
  "sources": "Library loading via ctypes.util.find_library; usage of environment variables (e.g., salt, seed); input parameters for cryptographic functions (messages, keys, nonces, salts, seeds, etc.); version checks for conditional functionality.",
  "sinks": "Cryptographic operations that process untrusted input data (messages, keys, nonces, salts); functions that output cryptographic artifacts (keys, signatures, encrypted data). No data is sent over the network or written to files within this code; no clear network sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (messages, keys, nonces, salts, seeds) flow into cryptographic function calls, which produce cryptographic outputs such as encrypted messages, signatures, or derived keys. Version checks control feature availability, but do not introduce external data flows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found; no backdoors, hidden behaviors, or suspicious control flows are detected. The code's complexity and variety of cryptographic functions suggest it is a comprehensive wrapper rather than malicious code. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present. Use of version checks and dynamic buffer management aligns with standard cryptographic wrapper practices.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically wraps libsodium functions with input validation, error handling, and version-based feature gating. It handles sensitive data with appropriate buffer management and checks. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, network communication, or backdoors, are evident. The functions are typical cryptographic primitives and are used as intended in security-focused libraries. The code's structure and logic appear consistent with secure cryptographic API wrappers. No suspicious logic, secrets, or external communications are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, extensive wrapper around the libsodium cryptographic library, designed for secure cryptographic operations. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malicious intent is detected. The code’s purpose aligns with legitimate cryptographic usage, and it does not exhibit any signs of malware or supply chain compromise.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}