{
  "purpose": "This code implements an HTML linter that checks HTML files against specified rules, including pattern matching and optional Python module-based rules, to identify coding issues.",
  "sources": "The code reads input HTML strings, file paths, and file contents. It also reads configuration data for rules and ignores.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly write or output untrusted data but calls external modules and functions that could potentially perform actions based on patterns, such as dynamic imports and pattern matching, which could be exploited if misconfigured.",
  "flows": "The flow involves reading HTML content, applying regex pattern matching, optionally importing modules dynamically based on rule definitions, and collecting errors. Data flows from input source files and configuration to pattern matching and module invocation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation detected. The dynamic import of modules based on configuration could be misused if the configuration is maliciously altered. The code does not contain malicious code such as data exfiltration or system damage commands. The pattern-based rule execution is standard for a linter.",
  "analysis": "The script functions as a static code analysis tool focusing on HTML validation. It dynamically imports modules for custom rules, which could pose a security risk if the module source is compromised, but this is a common and controlled pattern in pluggable linter architectures. The regex flags and pattern matching are safe, provided input is controlled. No evidence of malware, code injection, or malicious behavior such as data theft, network connections, or backdoors is present. The dynamic import based on configuration might be exploited if untrusted modules are specified, but within a typical linter environment, this is not inherently malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, well-structured linter with no direct malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of an HTML linter with dynamic rule execution capabilities. No malicious activity or malware is evident. The main security concern is the potential risk of importing malicious modules if configuration is compromised, but this is a common pattern for extendable tools and does not constitute malicious behavior by itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}