{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to lint HTML files based on configurable rules and patterns, providing error reports for issues found in HTML code.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the HTML string passed to the 'linter' function and file contents read in 'lint_file'. The code also reads configuration settings and rules from 'config'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include regex pattern matching on HTML, error recording, and dynamic module import for rules execution. No external network or system modifications are directly evident.",
  "flows": "HTML content is processed through regex matches; rule definitions guide pattern matching; errors are accumulated and de-duplicated before output. Dynamically imported modules can execute arbitrary code based on rules.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'importlib.import_module' to dynamically import modules based on configuration may introduce arbitrary code execution if malicious modules are specified. No explicit hardcoded secrets or backdoors are visible. No obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs regex-based pattern matching and dynamic module imports based on configuration rules. The use of dynamic imports could pose security risks if the module names are manipulated or malicious modules are supplied. However, the core logic involves safe regex operations and error collection. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network activity, file system tampering, or data exfiltration is present. The code handles configuration and ignores rules based on patterns, which is standard for a linter. The overall structure and behavior appear consistent with a legitimate code quality tool, with the only concern being the potential for malicious modules in 'python_module' fields.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a configurable HTML linter, dynamically importing rule modules and applying regex patterns to identify issues. The use of dynamic module loading presents a potential supply chain risk if the modules are compromised or maliciously supplied, but the code itself does not contain malicious logic. No direct malicious behavior or malware is evident within the code's static analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 3
}