{
  "purpose": "The code implements classes and functions to facilitate HTTP requests for file uploads using the tus protocol, supporting both synchronous and asynchronous operations.",
  "sources": "Reads file stream via uploader.get_file_stream(), reads chunks with file.read(), retrieves request headers from uploader.get_headers(), and accesses uploader attributes like url, verify_tls_cert, client_cert, offset, upload_checksum, checksum_algorithm, checksum_algorithm_name.",
  "sinks": "Makes HTTP PATCH requests to specified URL, sending file data chunks, and potentially sets upload-checksum header. Uses aiohttp for async requests, which could handle untrusted data if not properly validated.",
  "flows": "Source: file.read() and uploader methods → add_checksum() modifies headers → perform() or perform async method sends HTTP request with chunk data → Response handled locally.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code performs standard request handling, with checksum calculation and TLS configuration. No obfuscated code features or hidden behaviors detected. No unusual or malicious code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured approach to perform file uploads over HTTP, with proper exception handling and checksum calculations. Uses standard libraries and conventions. No signs of malicious payload, backdoors, or data exfiltration. TLS configuration appears standard. There are no embedded or hidden code segments. The only potential concern is the handling of client certificates, but it appears as standard certificate loading. No suspicious data leaks or obfuscation are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a file upload mechanism supporting both sync and async requests. It adheres to common security practices without hardcoded secrets or malicious patterns. No evidence of malware or malicious intent was detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}