{
  "purpose": "The code provides helper functions for formatting and displaying CLI output in various formats (JSON, YAML, tables) with serializable conversions.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'data' parameter in the 'show' function, and from environment or external modules if imported (e.g., 'igniteops_sdk.types').",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of 'console.print' and 'console.print_json' which output data directly; no unsafe data handling appears evident. No data is written to external systems or files, and no network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'data' parameter, through '_to_serializable' for conversion, then into display functions that output via 'console'. There are no apparent malicious flows targeting data exfiltration or command execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains typical utility functions with standard data handling; no anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or backdoors are present. The import handling of 'Unset' is safe fallback logic.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on serializing various data types, including datetime and custom models, into formats suitable for CLI display. It employs safe and common practices for JSON and YAML serialization and uses the 'rich' library for formatted output. No suspicious external calls, network activity, or insecure handling of data is evident. The conditional logic is straightforward, mainly for presenting data. The handling of 'Unset' values and the use of 'to_dict' methods are safe and standard. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or security flaws. The overall structure suggests utility functions for user-facing CLI output, with no malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign CLI output formatting utility with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It safely serializes and displays data, adhering to common best practices. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}