{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions to translate between language names, codes, and various coding standards, including BCP-47 tags and Wikidata Q-codes, as well as managing data dictionaries for language codes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters and internal dictionaries such as iso639short, iso639retired, and bcp47.wiki_q.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the warn() function which outputs warnings, but does not directly involve untrusted data processing. No other external sinks such as network, file, or environment variable access are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into functions which perform lookups in internal dictionaries or process strings. The functions then return language codes, names, or Q-codes. No external or untrusted data sources are used; all data is internal or passed as arguments.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual code patterns. The code uses standard library functions, regex matching, and dictionary lookups. The inverse_dict function issues warnings if dictionaries are not bijective. No obfuscation or malicious code constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs language code and name conversions based on established standards, utilizing internal dictionaries and external library data (bcp47). It includes functions for converting between various language code formats, as well as mapping to Wikidata Q-codes. The use of warnings indicates user notifications for deprecated or inconsistent mappings but does not pose security issues. No code injection, data leakage, or system-impacting operations are present. The only external interaction is loading Wikidata mappings explicitly via bcp47.load_wiki_q(), which is a standard data-loading procedure. The dictionaries appear to be static data; no external inputs influence their content dynamically, reducing the risk of malicious data injection.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard language code translation module relying on static dictionaries and external library data. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. The warnings are informational, not security-critical. Overall, the code appears safe with no malicious intent or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}