{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for converting language names and codes between various standards (ISO 639-3, BCP-47, Wikidata Q-codes), including lookup tables and utility functions for language code mappings and transformations.",
  "sources": "Reads language tags, language names, and Q-codes from function parameters and internal dictionaries such as 'bcp47.langcode', 'iso639retired', and 'wiki_q'. Uses 'bcp47' module's data for language code mappings and name lookups.",
  "sinks": "No evident sink points where untrusted data directly leads to data leaks, code execution, or system effect. The functions mainly perform lookups and string manipulations.",
  "flows": "Input data (language tags, names, Q-codes) flow into lookup functions which access internal dictionaries and external modules. No data flows into dangerous sinks like system calls or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive dictionaries for language code mappings, but no suspicious or obfuscated code segments. The use of 'warn()' is for warnings, not malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activities are present. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs static lookups and string parsing for language code conversions, with no evident malicious intent. It relies on external data from the 'bcp47' module, which appears to be a language standards library. The functions 'langname', 'langcode', 'tag2q', 'q2tag', 'q2name', and 'lang2q' are straightforward, with no dangerous operations. The dictionaries for language codes include retired and current standards, with no signs of malicious manipulation. No use of eval, exec, or other dangerous functions. No network, file, or system modifications occur. The code's structure and comments suggest it's a utility library for language code management, not malware.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a language code utility library with functions for conversion between different standards. It includes no suspicious, malicious, or obfuscated code elements. Its purpose is to facilitate language code mappings and lookups securely. No indicators of malware or security risks are evident based on static analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}