{
  "purpose": "This code implements a probabilistic morphological segmentation model based on Morfessor, designed for training and segmenting words or phrases, with support for supervised and semi-supervised learning. It does not perform any malicious actions.",
  "sources": "Data loading functions, training routines, segmentation functions, cost calculations, and internal data structures. No external data sources or system calls are present.",
  "sinks": "No external system interactions, network communication, or file I/O beyond in-memory data processing. No suspicious data leaks or malicious payloads.",
  "flows": "Input data is loaded into internal structures; segmentation and analysis are performed via probabilistic models; costs are computed for training optimization; no external data flows or system commands are involved.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscation, or malicious constructs. Random functions are used within standard stochastic training procedures, which is typical and benign.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a morphological segmentation framework, utilizing probabilistic models, cost functions, and stochastic training methods. It employs internal data structures and libraries without external dependencies or system calls. No obfuscation or malicious payloads are detected. Randomness is used for training stochasticity, which is common in such models. The code is well-structured, with clear functions for data loading, analysis, segmentation, and cost evaluation. No suspicious signals or malicious behaviors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, benign implementation of a morphological segmentation model. No malicious, sabotage, or security-threatening behavior is evident. The assigned malware score of 0, obfuscated score of 0, and low security risk (~0.1) are justified and appropriate.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}