{
  "purpose": "The code copies environment variables, sets PYTHONPATH, and runs a subprocess importing the 'shutdown' module to verify its import without output or errors.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (os.environ), subprocess execution of 'import shutdown' via sys.executable",
  "sinks": "Execution of 'import shutdown' in subprocess, which could execute malicious code if 'shutdown' is compromised",
  "flows": "Environment variables are set and passed to subprocess; the subprocess imports 'shutdown' which could execute code depending on its content",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation or secrets; reliance on external 'shutdown' module; environment manipulation could be exploited if untrusted",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward test harness that imports 'shutdown' in a subprocess with modified environment variables. It does not contain malicious code itself. The primary security concern is the trustworthiness of the 'shutdown' module, which is external and unverified. The code's behavior depends entirely on the content of 'shutdown'. The malware score should be very low, around 0.1, reflecting that the code itself is benign but external modules could be malicious. The security risk score should be moderate (~0.3), considering the potential for malicious code execution if 'shutdown' is compromised. The code is not obfuscated, and no malicious patterns are present in the snippet. External dependency trust is the main factor influencing risk. Overall, the code is safe in isolation but warrants caution regarding the external module.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple, benign test harness that imports an external 'shutdown' module. Its security risk depends on the trustworthiness of that module. No malicious activity or obfuscation is present in the code itself. The scores should reflect low malware likelihood (~0.1) and moderate external dependency risk (~0.3).",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}