{
  "purpose": "The code provides decorators and classes for handling authentication, authorization, and request validation in a web application, mainly using the Starlette framework.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from request and websocket objects, including request parameters, URL, and scopes. It also reads function signatures and parameters for decorators.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include redirect responses, HTTP exceptions, and websocket closure, which could be misused to disrupt service or redirect users maliciously.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from request or websocket objects is checked for scopes; if unauthorized, the code may redirect, raise exceptions, or close websocket connections. The scope validation flow involves checking 'scopes' against 'auth.scopes' and responding accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code performs scope checks and conditional responses. No obfuscated code or hidden logic is detected. The only notable feature is scope-based access control, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly handles authorization via scope checks in a decorator. It distinguishes between websocket, async, and sync functions, wrapping them to enforce scope requirements. It uses standard libraries like functools and inspect. No malicious or suspicious code patterns, backdoors, or hidden functionalities are observed. The redirects and websocket closures are standard for access denial flows. The URL encoding and request handling appear safe and standard. No suspicious external network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements standard scope-based access control for a web application with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It correctly handles different function types and enforces authorization policies. The logic appears legitimate and secure within its scope.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}