{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of asynchronous functions to interact with a WebSocket server for managing and controlling custom match lobbies in Apex Legends, including chat, team management, game settings, and camera controls.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for various functions (e.g., text messages, lobby codes, team IDs, settings) and uses hardcoded WebSocket URIs for connections.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the WebSocket connection where serialized protobuf messages are sent to localhost at port 7777.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into protobuf message constructions, which are serialized and sent over WebSocket connections to the local server.",
  "anomalies": "The code repetitively establishes new WebSocket connections for each function call, which may be inefficient but not malicious. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The code uses a fixed localhost URI, which could indicate local manipulation but isn't inherently malicious. No obfuscated or suspicious language features are present. The use of protobuf and WebSockets for lobby management is typical and not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple async functions to control various aspects of a game lobby, such as sending chat, toggling pause, creating or joining lobbies, setting team names, kicking players, and configuring game settings. All communication occurs over a standard WebSocket connection to localhost, using protobuf messages. There is no evidence of malicious behavior like data exfiltration, unauthorized access, or backdoors. No hardcoded credentials, secret keys, or network communications outside localhost are present. The repetitive connection pattern may be inefficient but does not imply malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be designed for local game lobby manipulation, consistent with user scripting or modding tools, rather than malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a local lobby management tool using WebSocket and protobuf messaging. It does not contain malicious behaviors such as data theft, network exfiltration, or backdoors. Its purpose appears to be for user-driven lobby control, with no evident security risks beyond typical local script activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}