{
  "purpose": "This code provides an interface for interacting with a custom match lobby and players in Apex Legends, enabling actions such as chat, team management, lobby creation, and game state control via WebSocket communication.",
  "sources": "WebSocket connections to 'ws://127.0.0.1:7777', protobuf message constructions, and data sent through websocket.send(serialized_request).",
  "sinks": "Untrusted input parameters (e.g., lobby_code, team_name, bans, selection) used directly in protobuf message construction without validation, and websocket connections sending data over localhost.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to construct protobuf messages, serialized, and sent over websocket to localhost. Some parameters (like 'selection' in changeCamera) influence message fields directly, potentially based on untrusted input.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution. Functions interact solely with local WebSocket server, and no network data exfiltration or suspicious domain connections are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily facilitates local WebSocket communication to control or query a game lobby and players in Apex Legends. It constructs protobuf messages based on user inputs or function parameters, serializes them, and sends to a localhost WebSocket server. Parameters such as lobby codes, team names, bans, and selection strings are directly used in message creation, but there are no indications of malicious data manipulation or hidden backdoors. The functions perform typical game lobby management tasks without any suspicious behaviors, external data exfiltration, or code injection activities. The overall design is consistent with legitimate game client modifications or automation tools. No evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate interface for game lobby management via WebSocket communication. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities based on the provided code. The only concern is the potential misuse of these functions in an unauthorized manner, but that is outside the scope of this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}