{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of asynchronous functions to interact with a local WebSocket server for managing a custom match lobby in Apex Legends, including creating/joining/leaving lobbies, sending chat messages, changing settings, and controlling the camera.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters such as text, lobby_code, team_id, etc., and constructs protobuf messages to send over WebSocket connections.",
  "sinks": "The code sends serialized protobuf requests over WebSocket connections to localhost:7777. It does not process or receive untrusted data; it only transmits data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function inputs into protobuf message objects, which are serialized and sent over WebSocket connections to a local server. There are no external data inputs beyond function parameters; responses from server are not processed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; all communications are to localhost with no external network activity. The code repeatedly creates connections within each function call without reuse, which could be inefficient but not malicious. The protobuf messages are constructed in a straightforward manner; no obfuscation or unusual code patterns are present. No code performs hidden actions or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The script defines numerous asynchronous functions for lobby management and game control, each establishing a WebSocket connection to localhost:7777, constructing protobuf messages, serializing them, and sending them. The protobuf messages are constructed according to specified request types, with some parameters being user-supplied (e.g., text, lobby_code, team_id). There is no code for receiving or processing server responses, nor any network activity beyond localhost. No secrets or credentials are embedded. The functions perform legitimate-looking game management actions without executing malicious code or exfiltrating data. The code structure is clear, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API wrapper for controlling a game lobby via WebSocket and protobuf messages, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It operates solely on localhost, sending well-structured requests based on user input. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The code is straightforward and functionally appropriate for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}