{
  "purpose": "The code implements Django middleware for Application Insights telemetry, capturing request, response, and exception data to monitor web application performance and errors.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include request method, URL, headers (HTTP_USER_AGENT, REMOTE_ADDR), user object, view arguments, and exceptions.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent to Application Insights endpoint (configured via 'endpoint') using TelemetryClient, potentially over network. Telemetry data includes request details, exception info, and custom properties.",
  "flows": "Request data flows from process_request (initial capture) through process_view (view info), and process_response (final metrics) into the TelemetryClient which sends data over network to the configured endpoint.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present; the endpoint URL is configurable. No suspicious obfuscated code or dynamic code execution. Use of sys.exc_info() for exception tracking is standard. The code dynamically creates TelemetryClient instances, but this is part of normal telemetry handling.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of Django middleware integrating with Application Insights for telemetry collection. It captures request and response data, user info, view details, and exceptions. The endpoint URL is configurable, avoiding hardcoded secrets. No code injection, data leaks, or malicious logic is present. The creation of new TelemetryClient instances in process_exception is consistent with standard telemetry practices. No signs of malware such as data exfiltration, system modification, or backdoors are observed. The code's structure and behavior align with legitimate monitoring functionality.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical implementation of telemetry middleware for Django applications with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It responsibly collects and sends telemetry data to a configurable endpoint without hardcoded secrets or suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}