{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility classes and functions for resolving and handling Python type hints, including delayed type resolution, type mapping, and validation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from type hints, imported modules, and built-in functions such as get_origin and get_args.",
  "sinks": "The code potentially passes data into type constructors (origin[args]) and uses warnings for unresolved types. It also accesses sys.modules for dynamic type retrieval.",
  "flows": "Type hints are checked by _is_hint and then resolved via resolve_type_hint, which may involve retrieving types from sys.modules or resolving type arguments. No data flows into external systems or network connections.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses warnings.warn to notify about unresolved types; it defines ResolvableType, PromisedType, and ModuleType for dynamic type handling, which could be misused for obfuscation if integrated improperly. However, no evidence of hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious logic is present. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features that indicate malicious intent are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically manages type hints, enabling delayed resolution and dynamic retrieval of types from modules. It uses conditional checks for type hint modules, handles Python version differences, and attempts to resolve complex type annotations. The only potential concern is the use of warnings for unresolved types, but this is standard practice. There are no suspicious network operations, data exfiltration, or harmful system modifications. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. Overall, the code appears to be a utility library designed for type management with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a utility module for managing Python type hints and delayed type resolution. It does not contain malicious behavior, suspicious network activity, or sabotage mechanisms. It seems safe and intended for type validation and resolution within larger codebases.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}