{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Django admin mixin class for customizing form fields for foreign key and many-to-many relationships using specific widgets.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the method parameters such as 'db_field', 'request', and 'kwargs'. It also references 'self.dynamic_raw_id_fields' and 'self.admin_site'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially, 'DynamicRawIDWidget' and 'DynamicRawIDMultiIdWidget' could be malicious if they perform unsafe operations, but they are imported from other modules and their content is unknown. The code sets these widgets as form field widgets, which could influence user input handling.",
  "flows": "Input from database fields ('db_field') and request context flow into form field creation, where if the field's name matches 'dynamic_raw_id_fields', a widget is assigned, then formfield is created. No data flows directly to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code appears to be standard Django form customization with safe usage of attributes. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious data handling observed.",
  "analysis": "The code safely overrides Django admin formfield methods to assign custom widgets for foreign key and many-to-many fields based on a list. The imported widgets are external, but their content is unknown, which could be a point of concern if they contain malicious code. However, the pattern of widget assignment itself is standard. No indications of malicious behavior, malicious data exfiltration, or dangerous code are present. The code appears to be part of a standard Django customization module.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical Django admin mixin for customizing form widgets with no evident malicious intent or security risks based on the provided content. Potential concerns depend on the implementation of imported widgets, which are external to this code and cannot be assessed here.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}