{
  "purpose": "The code customizes Django admin forms to replace default widgets for foreign key and many-to-many fields with dynamic raw ID widgets for better UI handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'dynamic_raw_id_fields' attribute, the 'db_field' object, and the 'request' parameter. It also imports modules and classes that could potentially be manipulated if not properly controlled.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the call to 'db_field.formfield(**kwargs)', which generates form fields potentially influenced by external input if 'kwargs' contains untrusted data. The widget classes 'DynamicRawIDWidget' and 'DynamicRawIDMultiIdWidget' are instantiated with 'rel' and 'self.admin_site', but no direct untrusted data appears to reach these points.",
  "flows": "The flow involves checking if a field's name is in 'dynamic_raw_id_fields', then replacing the default widget with a dynamic widget instantiated with 'rel' and 'admin_site'. The data flows from the 'db_field' object through conditional checks to the widget instantiation and formfield creation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are evident. The code uses standard Django patterns for form customization and does not include obfuscated or malicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily enhances Django admin forms by replacing default foreign key and many-to-many widgets with custom dynamic widgets. It performs a conditional check on field names and dynamically assigns widgets accordingly. No external inputs or untrusted data sources are directly involved in widget instantiation. The imports are standard Django modules and custom widget classes, with no evidence of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The flow and structure align with typical Django admin customizations, with no signs of malicious code or data leakage points.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Django admin customization that replaces certain form widgets. It does not contain malicious behavior, suspicious backdoors, or security risks. It appears safe and intentionally designed for UI improvements without security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}