{
  "purpose": "Implementation of core recursion functions for various volatility models used in testing, model estimation, and possibly in larger financial modeling frameworks.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input arrays such as residuals, variances, model parameters, and optional backcast values, which are typically provided during model fitting or recursion initialization.",
  "sinks": "The code updates in-place the sigma2 array (conditional variances). No direct data leakage, system calls, or network communications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays (residuals, parameters) through recursive functions to update sigma2 arrays, with some bounds checking and transformations. No external data is retrieved or sent.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspiciously unusual code patterns. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated functions, or misleading variables are detected. The code relies on numpy and scipy functions, which are standard. All functions appear to implement standard statistical recursion formulas for volatility models. No code injection, system modifications, or network activity are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code provides Python implementations of recursive calculations for volatility models such as GARCH, EGARCH, MIDAS, FIGARCH, APARCH, and other variants. The functions are decorated with jit from numba for performance, indicating an optimization focus. No use of external system resources (network, files) is present. The functions handle input data safely, using bounds checks and standard statistical transformations. The code is structured clearly, with explicit parameter handling, bounds, and temporary variables, aligning with standard financial model implementations. No malicious or sabotage intent is evident; the code appears purely to perform statistical calculations. The only notable behavior is that some recursion functions perform in-place updates for efficiency, which is typical and not suspicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward implementation of volatility model recursions using Python and numpy, with performance optimization via numba. It contains no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. The code serves its purpose as a scientific/financial computation module. No security risks or malware signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 1
}