{
  "purpose": "The code defines data classes and serialization/deserialization functions for managing secrets, authentication methods, and API responses, likely for a secret management SDK or client.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via static 'from_dict' methods on data classes and conversion functions; no direct external input sources are present in the code itself.",
  "sinks": "Data is transformed into dictionaries and objects, typically for API communication; no direct data sinks like network connections or file writes are explicitly present in the code snippet.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input source objects through deserialization ('from_dict') to internal class instances, and then potentially back to dictionaries ('to_dict') for API requests or responses.",
  "anomalies": "The code is mainly boilerplate serialization/deserialization logic with no obvious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. No suspicious obfuscated code, code injections, or malicious behaviors are present. No network connections, reverse shells, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. Environment variables or sensitive info are only handled through parameters, not hardcoded. The functions strictly enforce type assertions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of data classes and serialization helpers for managing secret and authentication data in an SDK or API client context. It employs type assertions, strict type conversions, and structured data handling. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or obfuscation. No network or file operations are performed within this code. The design appears to be for securely handling structured data with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is standard, well-structured serialization/deserialization logic for secret management and authentication data. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior, nor does it pose security risks based on the provided content. It appears to be part of a legitimate SDK or API client infrastructure.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}