{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes and functions for reading, processing, and standardizing proteomics result tables from various MS analysis tools (MaxQuant, FragPipe, Spectronaut). It aims to facilitate data import, annotation, and sorting for downstream analysis following the MsReport convention.",
  "sources": "The code reads input files via pandas.read_csv, located in user-specified data directories, with file paths constructed through os.path.join. It processes multiple tables like protein, peptide, ion, and design reports, often filtering or renaming columns.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain explicit sinks like network communication, file writing, or command execution. It primarily manipulates dataframes in-memory. No untrusted data is directed to external systems or sensitive system components.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file inputs through pandas DataFrame operations, including filtering, renaming, splitting, and annotation functions. The functions extract and process columns with potential untrusted input (file contents) but do not pass data to external sinks. The flow terminates in returning processed DataFrames.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are present. The code uses standard Python libraries, pandas, numpy, and internal helper functions. It contains TODO comments indicating untested or future features, but no obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or hidden backdoors are evident. No hard-coded secrets or credentials are found.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs data parsing, filtering, and annotation for proteomics tables. It uses file input functions that check for file existence and match filenames via substrings, which are standard operations. No code injection, network communication, or system manipulation commands are present. The functions handle data securely in memory, with no external side effects apart from reading files. Although there are placeholder comments (e.g., 'not tested') and unimplemented methods, these do not indicate malicious intent. The structure and library usage are typical for data processing pipelines. Overall, there is no indication of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, domain-specific data processing module for proteomics results, with no signs of malware, sabotage, or malicious intent. It focuses on reading, processing, and annotating tables from well-defined input files, with standard safety precautions. No malicious signals or suspicious patterns are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}