{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions for reading, processing, and standardizing output tables from various proteomics analysis tools (MaxQuant, FragPipe, Spectronaut) into a unified format following the MsReport convention.",
  "sources": "File reading from specified filenames or directory listings; data extraction from DataFrame columns; string parsing for protein IDs, modifications, and localization probabilities.",
  "sinks": "DataFrame modifications including renaming, filtering, and adding columns; potential writing to disk is not present in the snippet but could be in extended use; no explicit data sinks such as network connections or external data exfiltration points are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file input (via pd.read_csv) through data processing functions, including string parsing, annotation addition, and reordering of protein entries; no external network or system command calls are observed, flow is confined within data manipulation in Python.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no backdoors or hidden code; no obfuscated code structures or unusual language features. Functions such as 'extract_maxquant_localization_probabilities' and '_extract_protein_ids' perform string parsing; the code uses warnings for missing proteins; no suspicious network activity or system manipulations are present. The code does contain several 'not tested' comments indicating incomplete implementation, but these do not imply malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, structured implementation of data parsing and annotation routines for proteomics data tables. It utilizes standard Python libraries (os, pandas, numpy) and includes well-documented functions for reading, cleaning, and augmenting DataFrames with protein and peptide information. The functions 'extract_maxquant_localization_probabilities' and similar perform string parsing for localization probabilities, but these are straightforward and not malicious. The code avoids executing system commands, network connections, or unsafe data handling. There are no indications of code injection, data leakage, or sabotage mechanisms. The comments and structure show a focus on data processing and standardization, with no signs of malicious payloads or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate data processing routines for proteomics analysis, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs standard file I/O, data parsing, and annotation tasks. The presence of 'not tested' comments suggests incomplete development but not malicious intent. Overall, it is a safe, well-structured module aimed at data normalization and annotation for proteomics tools.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.05,
  "report_number": 4
}