{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a set of unit tests for a Spark extension package, mainly testing various functions and behaviors related to Spark sessions, JVM interactions, and file operations in a Spark environment.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the creation of DataFrames and calls to functions like parquet_metadata, parquet_schema, and other file-related methods. These are standard data access points in Spark tests.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain obvious sinks for untrusted data such as network transmission, file writing, or system modifications. It primarily raises exceptions and performs internal checks.",
  "flows": "There are source-to-sink flows involving exception handling when functions are called outside of active Spark sessions or in unsupported contexts, but no malicious data flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code behavior are evident. The test methods raise exceptions intentionally in unsupported scenarios, which is typical for testing environment behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a test suite verifying the behavior of Spark extension functions under various conditions, including different Spark modes (classic and connect). It uses standard testing practices and does not include any suspicious or malicious code snippets. No network connections, data exfiltration, or harmful system modifications are present. The functions tested mostly raise exceptions under unsupported conditions, which is a normal testing approach. There are no signs of obfuscated code or malicious intent. The code is well-structured, and all operations appear to serve legitimate testing purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard set of unit tests for a Spark extension library. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. The code's purpose is to verify correct function behavior in various Spark environments, and it appears secure.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}