{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python API client for managing Databricks clusters, including creation, editing, starting, stopping, resizing, deleting, and listing clusters, as well as retrieving cluster events and other related data.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from method parameters such as cluster_id, worker, worker_type, cluster_name, spark_version, and configuration dictionaries passed into methods like createCluster and editCluster.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent via HTTP POST and GET requests constructed within methods, primarily to a URL assembled from base URL and API endpoints; no direct data sinks such as files or network transmissions are visible in the code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sources) flow into payload dictionaries that are sent via HTTP requests (sinks). The flow from source to sink is straightforward: method parameters -> payload dictionaries -> HTTP POST/GET calls.",
  "anomalies": "The code is well-structured and does not contain obfuscated constructs, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious code. No input sanitization or validation for user-provided data is explicitly visible, but given the context, it's expected to be used in trusted environments. No dynamic code execution or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is an API wrapper class for Databricks cluster management. It dynamically constructs URLs and payloads based on method parameters, which are then used to make HTTP requests via internal _post and _get methods (presumed to be implemented elsewhere). The logic appears to be standard, with parameter handling and conditional payload construction. No evidence of malicious behavior, such as hidden data exfiltration, command injection, or backdoors, is detected. No hardcoded credentials or insecure patterns are present. The code does not perform any data processing beyond assembling request payloads and making HTTP calls. It also does not include any obfuscated or malicious code. Its primary function is interfacing with an external API securely.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API client for managing Databricks clusters. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident based on this code. It is well-structured, with clear separation of concerns and no suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}