{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Python interface for managing Databricks clusters via API calls, including creating, editing, starting, stopping, resizing, and retrieving cluster information.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters from function arguments, including cluster IDs, configuration details, and optional settings such as tags and scripts.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent via HTTP POST or GET requests to specific API endpoints; payloads include cluster configurations and IDs. No untrusted data is directly written to files, executed, or transmitted in an insecure manner.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sources) are used to construct payloads, which are then sent over HTTP POST/GET requests to API endpoints (sinks). There are no evident flows that lead to data leakage or system compromise.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is detected. The code performs standard API request preparations and method definitions. No malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or system damage, is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class structure for managing Databricks clusters, with methods for various cluster operations. All data inputs are used to build API request payloads with no signs of malicious or obfuscated code. The code relies on external methods (_set_url, _post, _get), presumably for HTTP communication, which appear to be standard. No credentials or sensitive information are hardcoded; optional parameters are handled safely. Overall, the code performs expected API interactions with no suspicious patterns or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard, legitimate API wrapper for managing Databricks clusters. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. It is well-structured and uses typical patterns for API interaction. There is no evidence of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}