{
  "purpose": "Define custom GraphQL scalar types for datetime-related data, including serialization and parsing of ISO 8601 formatted strings for Time, Date, and DateTime.",
  "sources": "Input strings for Time, Date, and DateTime parsing; potentially external data in JSON format passed to constructors.",
  "sinks": "Returns datetime objects; serializes data to JSON-compatible ISO 8601 strings.",
  "flows": "Input strings are parsed via regex, converted into datetime objects, and then serialized back to strings for output.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes comprehensive regex parsing for ISO 8601 formats, which could potentially be misused with maliciously crafted strings, but no evident malicious intent is present. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is present. The parsing functions handle only date/time strings and do not execute untrusted code.",
  "analysis": "The module defines three custom scalar classes for handling time, date, and datetime objects in GraphQL. Each class includes regex-based parsers to interpret ISO 8601 format strings, with provisions for compact and extended forms. The parser converts strings into corresponding Python datetime objects, supporting timezone information. Serialization functions convert datetime objects back into ISO 8601 strings. No external code execution, network calls, or credential handling is present. The code relies solely on regex parsing and datetime conversions, which are standard and safe operations. No suspicious code patterns, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code appears to serve a legitimate purpose of facilitating datetime data handling in GraphQL APIs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured implementation of custom GraphQL scalar types for datetime handling, with thorough parsing and serialization. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident. It is designed for legitimate data processing purposes with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}