{
  "purpose": "Define custom scalar types for handling datetime, date, and time representations in GraphQL schema, with parsing and serialization support.",
  "sources": "The code reads string inputs for datetime, date, and time, primarily from JSON-like data structures, and also accepts pre-converted Python datetime objects.",
  "sinks": "Serialization methods output data as ISO8601 formatted strings; no sink involving untrusted data usage or system calls is present.",
  "flows": "Input strings are parsed into Python datetime objects; these objects are serialized back into ISO8601 strings. No external system calls or data exfiltration observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. The regex patterns and parsing methods are standard for ISO8601 formats. No obfuscated or misleading code structures are present. The module only defines types and their conversion logic.",
  "analysis": "The code defines three Scalar subclasses (Time, Date, DateTime) for handling ISO8601 formatted datetime data in GraphQL. Each class includes regex-based parsers that convert strings to Python datetime objects, supporting various ISO8601 formats, including compact and with timezone info. They also include methods to serialize Python datetime objects back into ISO8601 strings. The parsing logic and serialization are standard, with no signs of malicious behavior. The code uses safe regex patterns, no dynamic code execution, and no external network interactions. It merely provides type definitions for data validation and conversion, typical in schema definitions. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of custom scalar types for datetime handling in GraphQL with no malicious or suspicious elements. It focuses solely on parsing, validation, and serialization of datetime-related data, posing no security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}