{
  "purpose": "The code adds the directory of the chromedriver binary to the system's PATH environment variable to ensure it can be found and executed.",
  "sources": "The code reads the current environment variable 'PATH' and uses the __file__ attribute to determine the script's directory. It also calls functions from the utils module to get the chromedriver filename and path separator.",
  "sinks": "The environment variable 'PATH' is modified, which could influence process execution behavior or command lookup paths.",
  "flows": "The code reads 'PATH' from environment variables, appends the chromedriver directory if not present, and updates the environment variable. It then constructs the chromedriver filename based on the script's location and utils functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code's purpose appears to be environment setup for a Selenium or browser automation task. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are present. The use of __file__ and environment variable modifications are standard for such setup scripts.",
  "analysis": "The script's goal is to add the chromedriver binary's directory to the system PATH, facilitating its accessibility. It dynamically determines the directory and filename, leveraging utility functions for platform-specific behavior. The environment variable is safely modified to include the necessary directory, with checks to prevent duplicates. No data leaks, external connections, or malicious behaviors are present. The code is straightforward and intended for setup purposes, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a benign environment setup for chromedriver integration, with no malicious activity detected. It appears to be a legitimate part of an automation setup script, with proper handling of environment variables and file paths.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}