{
  "purpose": "This code provides image processing functions and integrates with the napari viewer for visualization, including Gaussian blurring, thresholding, and morphological operations, wrapped within a GUI factory for user interaction.",
  "sources": "The code reads input images from napari layers and image data passed as function arguments. It also reads layer information from the napari viewer object.",
  "sinks": "Processed image data is output to napari viewer layers. The code writes to viewer layers and displays notifications via show_info.",
  "flows": "Input images are processed through Gaussian blur, thresholding, and filtering functions, then assigned to viewer layers for display. Data flows from input parameters through processing functions to the viewer's layer list.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated function and variable names, which complicate understanding. No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No network operations, reverse shells, or system modifications detected. The code structure and operations are typical of image processing workflows.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard image processing tasks using numpy, skimage, and napari utilities. Function names and variables are intentionally obfuscated, but their logic aligns with common image processing pipelines: blurring, thresholding, and filtering. The functions interact with the napari viewer to add or update image and label layers. No suspicious network activity, file operations, or secret handling was observed. The obfuscation seems intended to hinder readability rather than conceal malicious behavior. The overall code appears to be legitimate image processing code integrated into a napari plugin framework, with no evidence of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical image processing pipeline for napari, with obfuscated identifiers. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, data exfiltration, or other security risks. The obfuscation is likely for code protection or obfuscation purposes, not malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}