{
  "purpose": "This code defines data models and utility functions for creating API request models in a FastAPI application, including request validation and response formatting.",
  "sources": "External libraries such as 'attr', 'fastapi', 'pydantic', 'stac_pydantic', and 'typing_extensions'. Input parameters to functions like 'extensions', 'base_model', and 'model_name'.",
  "sinks": "None identified. No use of eval, exec, subprocess, or network calls. No handling of untrusted input data in a manner that could lead to code injection or data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Data flows mainly through model creation functions and request handling, but there are no complex or unsafe source-to-sink paths. Data is used to define request schemas and response types.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns. The code dynamically creates models but does so safely using standard libraries. No obfuscated code, no suspicious dynamic execution.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily utilizes standard libraries for data modeling and API schema generation. The 'create_request_model' function dynamically combines models but only via safe, standard operations without executing arbitrary code. External imports are common for web API frameworks. No signs of malicious code such as network connections, file operations, or obfuscated logic. No input data processing that could lead to security issues. No handling of untrusted user input in a way that could cause security breaches is evident. Overall, the code appears to be standard, well-structured API modeling code with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard implementation of API request and response models in a FastAPI application. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. There are no indications of supply chain attacks or security risks. The code is safe and only defines data structures and helper functions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}