{
  "purpose": "The code provides a mechanism to use signals in Python, with fallback behavior if the 'blinker' library is unavailable. It primarily facilitates event-driven notifications within a codebase, inspired by Flask's signaling system.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'blinker' library import, attempts to define a Namespace class if 'blinker' is unavailable, and creates a '_signals' namespace object to define signals. It also reads class attributes and method calls like 'signal', 'send', and 'connect'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'signal', 'send', 'connect', and related methods, which could process data if untrusted sources invoke them. However, these are meant for internal signaling, not for handling untrusted external data directly.",
  "flows": "The flow involves attempting to import 'Namespace' from 'blinker'; if successful, '_signals' is instantiated with this namespace. When signals are created or sent, they invoke methods on this namespace or fake implementations. The main flow is internal signaling logic, not external data handling.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or malicious code behavior detected. The fallback class '_FakeSignal' is a simple mock that ignores signals silently or raises errors if 'send' is invoked. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are present.",
  "analysis": "The code attempts to import a third-party library 'blinker'. If unavailable, it defines dummy classes to maintain interface compatibility. The fallback classes do not perform any harmful actions; they simply simulate the presence of signaling capabilities. The main signal 'scope_changed' is a normal pattern for event notification. The code structure is straightforward, with no obfuscated or hidden behavior. There are no signs of malicious intent, data exfiltration, or system harm. It is a standard signaling implementation with graceful degradation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign signaling utility that gracefully handles missing dependencies without malicious intent. It does not contain malware or security risks. The fallback implementation ensures robustness but does not perform any unsafe actions. Overall, the code appears safe and standard.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}