{
  "purpose": "Data wrapper/parser class that reads a file, processes it with an external utility, and exposes specific data properties.",
  "sources": "File input read by external utility function 'dcqfgfEjuRTRFWFUHXqBetOgsSlvUtAh', data accessed via properties from the '_results' dictionary.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sinks, network activity, or data exfiltration observed.",
  "flows": "File input -> external utility processing -> '_results' dictionary -> class properties exposing data.",
  "anomalies": "Highly obfuscated class and function names; use of an obscure utility function; no descriptive identifiers; no malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a data parser or wrapper, reading structured data from a file and exposing parts of it via properties. No network, system modifications, or dynamic code execution are present. Obfuscation is prominent, which could be a concealment tactic, but no malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections, or code injection is evident. The external utility and class names are non-descriptive, raising suspicion but not confirming malicious intent. The low malware scores across reports align with the absence of malicious indicators. The high obfuscation scores are justified by naming but do not imply malicious activity. Overall, the code appears benign, serving as a data access layer with obfuscation as the primary concern.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a heavily obfuscated data wrapper with no evidence of malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities. While obfuscation warrants caution, there are no signs of malware or sabotage within this snippet. The low malware score (0.0–0.1) and low risk score (0.2) are appropriate. The high obfuscation score (around 0.75) reflects the naming obscurity. Overall, the code appears benign, but continued vigilance is advised if used in security-sensitive contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}