{
  "purpose": "The code provides an automation framework for deploying and managing information streams, including form filling, resource selection, login, and navigation on a web-based system.",
  "sources": "Data inputs from method parameters, configuration files, environment variables, and web page content (e.g., content checks for login status or page state).",
  "sinks": "Web page interactions such as clicking buttons, filling forms, navigating URLs, and evaluating page content. Potential data leaks could occur if sensitive data (like credentials) is mishandled or logged.",
  "flows": "User inputs flow into form filling and resource selection methods, which then trigger interactions with web page elements. Credentials are read from configuration; navigation and login steps involve URL and page content evaluation; resource selection involves DOM manipulation. Data flows from inputs to DOM interactions, with some conditions based on page content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. Use of environment variables for username and password is noted but not suspicious. The code performs extensive DOM querying and interaction but does not appear to include obfuscated code or hidden backdoors. No malicious code or sabotage functions are present. Some logging might leak sensitive info if logs are not protected, but no explicit data leakage observed.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a well-structured automation tool leveraging Playwright for browser automation. It performs standard operations such as form filling, navigation, login, resource selection, and form submission. It reads credentials from configuration/environment variables, manages page interactions carefully, and includes error handling and retries. No functions or code sections indicate malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or malicious code injections. All operations are aimed at automating web UI interactions. The logic and DOM manipulations are typical for automation scripts. There are no signs of obfuscated or malicious code. The code does not seem to perform any unauthorized actions beyond legitimate automation tasks, and no external network calls are made for data exfiltration. It seems to be a legitimate automation framework.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard browser automation tool for deployment tasks, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It manages credentials securely via environment variables, handles web page interactions properly, and contains no hidden malicious logic. The code's purpose is to automate deployment workflows, not to harm or compromise systems.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}