{
  "purpose": "This code provides a framework for implementing retry logic in Python, including various strategies for retrying, waiting, stopping, and handling retries, as well as integrating with asynchronous frameworks like Tornado.",
  "sources": "The code reads input and data from function arguments, thread-local storage, and imports from other modules (_utils, retry, nap, stop, wait). It also inspects callables to determine coroutine status. No external untrusted data sources are explicitly read in this module.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the invocation of user-provided functions (fn), and callbacks such as before, after, before_sleep, and retry_error_callback. These are executed with retry state context, which could potentially lead to malicious code execution if the user-supplied functions are malicious.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the retry decorators wrapping user functions, passing through retry call states, and executing user-supplied callbacks and functions during retry cycles. The flow involves checking conditions, executing functions, and handling exceptions within the retry logic.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The code primarily relies on standard Python features, including threading, exception handling, and function wrapping. All imports are from publicly available libraries or local modules, with no indication of hidden malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive retry framework that manages retries, wait strategies, stopping conditions, and callback hooks. It supports synchronous and asynchronous functions, with a focus on robustness and extensibility. The structure follows standard design patterns for retry logic, and no external or suspicious data sources are accessed. User-supplied functions are executed within controlled contexts, but if these functions are malicious, they could perform harmful actions. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity. The only notable concern is the execution of arbitrary user functions and callbacks, which is inherent to retry frameworks but could be exploited if untrusted code is passed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate and well-structured retry framework with no inherent malicious intent. Its primary risk lies in the execution of user-defined functions, which could be malicious if the user supplies harmful callbacks or functions. Overall, the code does not exhibit signs of malware or security risks beyond the standard considerations for executing untrusted code in callbacks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}