{
  "purpose": "This code provides a framework for implementing retry logic in Python, including various strategies for retries, waiting, and stopping conditions. It facilitates wrapping functions with retry mechanisms for robustness in applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input and data primarily from imported modules, function arguments, and internal state variables. Specifically, it reads configuration parameters for retry strategies, environment during function wrapping, and potentially exception information during retries.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable sinks include the wrapping of functions where untrusted data might be processed, but no direct data leaks, code injection, or system modification occurs. The code does not execute untrusted input directly nor interacts with external systems in a malicious way.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function calls into the retry management classes and functions. The retry decorators wrap target functions, managing their execution flow based on exception handling and retry strategies. The flow includes checking for exceptions, managing attempt state, and controlling retries based on configured conditions.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors are present. All imported modules are standard or declared dependencies, and the code structure follows typical retry framework conventions. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious logic are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a comprehensive retrying framework with classes for managing retries, states, and actions. It imports various retry strategies, stop conditions, wait strategies, and hooks. The code employs standard patterns for exception handling, function wrapping, and thread-local state management. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or system sabotage is present. The logic is well-structured for providing retry capabilities in applications. The inclusion of optional async support and Tornado compatibility shows versatility but does not introduce malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured retry framework with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears to be a legitimate library aimed at improving application resilience through configurable retries. No malicious signals, hidden backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}