{
  "purpose": "This code is a test suite for the photutils library, specifically testing centroid calculation functions and their handling of various inputs and edge cases.",
  "sources": "Input data for tests are generated via fixtures, including synthetic images created by functions like make_4gaussians_image and make_noise_image, as well as model-based data from astropy.modeling. No external or untrusted data sources are used.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily performs calculations and assertions for testing purposes. There are no data sinks that transmit or store data externally or interact with network resources, files, or environment variables.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input fixtures and generated models into centroid functions (centroid_com, centroid_quadratic, etc.) and then results are validated with assertions. No untrusted data propagates to system commands or external services.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to follow standard testing patterns with no signs of obfuscation, hidden code, or malicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets or unusual language constructs are present. Usage of warnings and exception handling is standard for test cases.",
  "analysis": "A thorough review of the code reveals that it is a comprehensive test suite for centroid calculation functions within the photutils library. It uses synthetic data and well-defined models to verify correctness and edge case handling. There are no indications of malicious code, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. No suspicious imports or code structures are present. The code’s design is consistent with standard testing practices, with no evidence of obfuscation or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured test suite for centroid functions in photutils, with no malicious intent, security risks, or suspicious behaviors detected. It is safe for use and does not contain malware or malicious payloads.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 3
}