{
  "purpose": "The code appears to handle file serving, MIME type guessing, hashing, and file management within a web application context, likely related to file uploads or downloads.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from file objects (e.g., cCCmUZPTEVDGwRvHqOqamSCpsUkgTjMK.read), environment variables (e.g., request, current_app), and file paths (e.g., os.walk, open).",
  "sinks": "The code writes HTTP headers (Content-Length, Content-MD5, Content-Disposition, security headers) and responds with file streams via Flask response objects. It also potentially writes or reads files from disk.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input from file objects and file paths flow into file reading operations and are used to generate HTTP responses with headers. The file data flows from file objects into hash functions for checksum calculation. File paths from user input are used to access files on disk.",
  "anomalies": "There is complex and obscure function naming, with no clear comments. The function 'dOROKFmsiboDskxVQlbVCLWudFXMGwoD' issues a warning about lack of multi-backend support, but this is benign. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors are present. Obfuscated variable names could hint at concealment, but are likely just poorly chosen.",
  "analysis": "The code contains typical web-serving functions: setting headers, streaming files, handling MIME types, and checksum calculations. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network data exfiltration, system damage, or backdoors. The only concern might be the obfuscation of variable/function names, but this appears to be poor coding style rather than malicious intent. The presence of functions to hash files and serve files securely, including headers for security policies, suggests intent to secure file delivery. No suspicious network activity, data theft, or malicious code injection is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily focused on serving files over HTTP with security best practices such as setting headers and handling MIME types. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware indicators. The obfuscated variable names do not suggest malicious intent but reduce code clarity. Overall, the code appears safe with low malicious potential.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}