{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of image transformation classes for augmentation and de-augmentation purposes in image processing workflows, likely used in machine learning or computer vision tasks.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules (`functools.partial`, `typing`, and relative imports), as well as from input parameters such as images, masks, labels, keypoints, and transformation parameters (e.g., scale factors, angles).",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow from input parameters such as images, masks, labels, keypoints, and transformation values, to functions that perform modifications (e.g., F.scale, F.resize, F.hflip, F.vflip, F.rot90, F.add, F.multiply). The code does not include network operations or file system access, but the functions called (e.g., in module `F`) could potentially be sinks if they perform unsafe operations.",
  "flows": "Sources include input data (images, masks, keypoints, labels, transformation parameters). These data flow through transformation methods (`apply_aug_image`, `apply_deaug_mask`, etc.) which invoke functions from module `F`. For example, images are flipped, rotated, scaled, or cropped based on parameters, with the data flowing from input to transformation functions and then returned. Mask and keypoints transformations are similarly applied based on the transformation parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code, are present. The code structure appears straightforward, implementing common image augmentation techniques. The use of `partial` for cropping functions is standard. No external network or file I/O is detected. No unexpected or hidden behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of image augmentation classes, with clear source-to-sink data flow and appropriate use of transformation functions. The class structures support various augmentations such as flips, rotations, scaling, resizing, and cropping, with proper handling of inverse transformations for de-augmentation. There are no signs of malicious behavior or malicious data handling. The functions rely on external library `F`, but this is assumed to perform safe image operations. The code does not process untrusted input in a way that would trigger security issues, nor does it contain code injection or network activity. All data flows are limited to in-memory transformations, and no suspicious or malicious patterns are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of standard image transformation classes for augmentation purposes, with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. It operates on image data and transformation parameters, with safe and expected behavior. No indicators of malware, data exfiltration, or malicious backdoors are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}