{
  "purpose": "The code provides a collection of functions for calculating pipe friction factors, pressure drops, material roughness, and related empirical correlations used in fluid mechanics and heat exchanger design. It is intended for process modeling and engineering analysis.",
  "sources": "Inputs such as Reynolds number (Re), relative roughness (eD), pipe diameter (D), and geometrical parameters are fed into mathematical functions that implement empirical and theoretical models from literature. No external untrusted data sources or system calls are involved.",
  "sinks": "Outputs are computed physical parameters like friction factors, pressure drops, and roughness values. There is no data exfiltration, external command execution, or malicious data handling.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into standard physics-based formulas and empirical correlations, processed through mathematical functions (e.g., logarithms, Lambert W, square roots). The code is straightforward and transparent, with no suspicious or obfuscated constructs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscation, or malicious code segments are present. External libraries are used solely for legitimate mathematical functions. No dynamic code execution or external system calls are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, well-documented library implementing empirical correlations and physics-based models for pipe flow and heat exchanger calculations. It relies on standard scientific libraries (math, scipy, mpmath) for special functions. The functions process input parameters to produce physical properties without any suspicious behavior. The code references literature and empirical data, indicating a legitimate purpose. No signs of sabotage, malicious payloads, or obfuscation are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, open-source scientific utility library for fluid mechanics and heat transfer calculations. It contains no malicious or sabotage elements. The observed structure and dependencies are consistent with standard engineering software. The security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}