{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for process modeling, including calculations for pipe friction factors, pressure drops, and pipe roughness, primarily for engineering applications in fluid flow and heat exchange systems.",
  "sources": "Data sources include embedded tables of pipe roughness, experimental friction data, and references to published scientific literature. Input data comes from function parameters and internal data structures.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data inputs are primarily from function parameters such as Re (Reynolds number), eD (roughness), and user-supplied method names. These influence calculations but are not used in insecure ways like executing code or writing to external systems.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., Re, eD, roughness, method names) into various calculation functions that produce friction factors, pressure drops, and transition Reynolds numbers. No data is passed directly into system commands or external systems; the code performs mathematical computations only.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are present. The code relies on standard Python math functions and scientific libraries (e.g., mpmath, scipy LambertW), with no signs of obfuscation or dynamic code execution. External references are properly cited, and no suspicious network activity is evident. The structure is typical for a scientific computation library.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a variety of pipe friction factor models and pressure drop calculations using established engineering correlations. It handles multiple regimes (laminar, turbulent, curved pipes) with method selection, supporting flexible use cases. Data is stored in internal dictionaries and lists, with no dynamic code generation or network calls. The inclusion of external scientific references and calculations appears legitimate. The only external library used is for mathematical functions, which is standard. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "This module appears to be a legitimate scientific and engineering utility library focused on fluid flow and heat exchanger calculations. It contains no malicious or sabotage code, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious behaviors. Its structure and content are consistent with standard open-source engineering tools.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}