{
  "purpose": "Implementation of the WHATWG Encoding standard for encoding and decoding text, including lookup, detection, and conversion functions for various character encodings.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as 'input' in decode and encode functions, and from iterables in iter_decode and iter_encode.",
  "sinks": "Decoded output, encoded bytes, or encoding objects. The code converts byte strings to Unicode and vice versa, and may use codecs.lookup to resolve encoding names.",
  "flows": "Input byte strings are processed via decode or encode functions, which may determine encoding from BOM or labels, and then convert data accordingly. The lookup function maps labels to encodings, which are used in decode/encode.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. Usage of dynamic imports like 'from .x_user_defined import codec_info' is standard for handling special encoding labels. ASCII lowercasing function is a custom implementation but not suspicious. The code is a standard implementation of encoding logic, with no obfuscation or unusual language features. No hidden network connections or data leaks are present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides functions for encoding and decoding text data with multiple encoding standards, with logic for BOM detection and fallback encodings. It uses standard library 'codecs' for encoding management and implements incremental encoders and decoders for streaming data. No hardcoded secrets, network calls, or malicious behavior are present. The structure is straightforward and consistent with encoding libraries, with no suspicious dynamic code execution or data exfiltration logic.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of encoding handling in Python, with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It performs encoding lookups, BOM detection, and conversion between bytes and Unicode safely. No security risks or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}