{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python module for managing Terraform 'local_file' resources via CDK for Terraform (CDKTF), including resource class, configuration data structures, and helper functions for type checking.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include constructor arguments, environment data, and potentially external inputs to the class and functions.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include Terraform resource creation, configuration synthesis, and potential data output through properties such as content, filename, and content hashes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor inputs into internal storage (_values), then through property getters/setters to Terraform configurations. No external untrusted data flows directly to sensitive sinks such as network or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no evidence of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. No unusual behavior such as code injection, network activity, or data exfiltration is present. Functions like generate_config_for_import do not perform any suspicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The module is primarily a class and data structure definition for managing Terraform files in CDKTF. It includes standard type checks, property accessors, and resource synthesis methods. No network access, system modifications, or dynamic code execution is present. The imports and structure are typical for infrastructure-as-code tooling. The type checking functions are standard stub functions, and there are no indications of obfuscation or malicious logic. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate infrastructure resource definition with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation for managing local files in a Terraform CDK context. It performs no malicious actions or suspicious behaviors. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or security risks beyond typical resource configuration logic.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}