{
  "purpose": "The code defines a series of classes representing nodes for an abstract syntax tree (AST) used in a templating or code generation system, primarily for processing and manipulating template structures, macros, conditions, and other templating constructs.",
  "sources": "No input sources or external data read operations are present within this code; it primarily defines data structures and class attributes.",
  "sinks": "No data sinks, network operations, file writes, or execution commands are present; the code solely defines classes without performing runtime actions.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows as the code only establishes class definitions and attributes without runtime execution or data handling logic.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward class definitions with no suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or unusual constructs. The only notable aspect is the presence of a __future__ import, which is standard for compatibility, and the extensive use of class attributes for node fields. No obfuscated code or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "This code serves as a schema for an AST used in a templating system, including classes for macros, nodes, conditions, logical operations, and attributes. It does not perform any runtime data handling, network communication, or file operations. No external inputs, outputs, or execution flows are defined. The absence of dynamic code execution, network activity, or data manipulation indicates no malicious intent. The use of class attributes to define node fields aligns with a typical AST design pattern. Overall, the code appears to be purely structural and benign.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of class definitions representing nodes for an abstract syntax tree in a templating system. There are no signs of malicious behavior, security risks, or obfuscation. It functions as a structural schema without runtime actions or external data handling. Therefore, it is considered safe and free from malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}