{
  "purpose": "This code implements user authentication and account management views for a Django REST Framework API, including login, logout, user details retrieval/update, password reset, and password change functionalities.",
  "sources": [
    "Request data in 'post' methods (e.g., request.data for login, password reset, and password change).",
    "Request cookies in logout for token blacklisting.",
    "Serialized data in responses.",
    "Environment settings and imported modules."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "JWT tokens and refresh tokens set in cookies or response data.",
    "User credentials validated via serializers and then used for login or password reset.",
    "Token blacklisting logic that interacts with stored tokens.",
    "Response data including tokens, user info, or error messages."
  ],
  "flows": [
    "User submits credentials via POST to login, which validates credentials and encodes JWT or creates tokens, then sends tokens in response or cookies.",
    "Logout invalidates tokens by deleting stored tokens or blacklisting refresh tokens based on request cookies/data.",
    "User details are retrieved or updated based on authenticated user request.",
    "Password reset request triggers email, and confirmation resets password via token validation.",
    "Password change updates user password after validation."
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "Use of nested imports inside methods (e.g., 'set_jwt_cookies', 'unset_jwt_cookies') which could suggest optional dependencies.",
    "Handling of JWT refresh tokens via cookies or request data, with some fallback logic.",
    "Blacklisting tokens with detailed exception handling, potentially revealing token validity status or errors.",
    "Possible reliance on session or token-based authentication, but no explicit hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected.",
    "Code appears to handle tokens securely, with no hardcoded secrets or suspicious dynamic code execution."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code implements standard Django REST Framework authentication views, with token management using JWT and session login. It handles token issuance, refresh, and blacklisting securely, with proper exception handling and use of settings. The import of functions like 'set_jwt_cookies' and 'unset_jwt_cookies' within methods indicates optional JWT support, which is standard. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The logic for token blacklisting and cookie handling appears correct and adheres to best practices. No signs of malware such as hidden network activity, code injection, or data exfiltration are present. The code structure is typical for a well-designed auth module; no obfuscation or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of Django REST Framework authentication views with JWT and session support. It follows best practices and contains no malicious or suspicious behavior. No supply chain security risks or malware are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}