{
  "purpose": "The code implements a REST API for user authentication, including login, logout, user detail retrieval, password reset, and password change functionalities, utilizing Django and DRF components.",
  "sources": "Reads user input data from POST requests (e.g., username, password, email, tokens). Accesses request data, request cookies, and request user object.",
  "sinks": "Sends responses with user data, tokens, and status messages. Calls functions that set or delete JWT cookies, and attempts to blacklist tokens. Deletes user tokens during logout.",
  "flows": "Input data (credentials, tokens) flows from request data or cookies into authentication or token management processes. Data flows into token creation or deletion, JWT cookie setting/unsetting, and user session management.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code. The token blacklisting process includes handling tokens from cookies or request data. JWT cookie management occurs conditionally. The code handles token blacklist errors carefully.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard user authentication flows with appropriate handling of tokens, sessions, and password management. The token management includes blacklisting tokens on logout, which is a security best practice. JWT support is optional, controlled by settings, with cookie management to ensure tokens are properly handled. No suspicious code patterns, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code relies on established libraries and frameworks, with proper exception handling for token errors. Sensitive data is managed via serializers and request parameters, and no hardcoded secrets or external malicious calls are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of authentication and user management in Django with DRF. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security violations are detected. Token handling, logout, and password reset processes follow best practices, with attention to JWT management and token blacklisting. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious intent or security risks beyond normal operational concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}