{
  "purpose": "This code verifies webhook signatures from Filestack by checking the provided signature against an HMAC computed from the request body and headers.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the parameters 'secret', 'body', and 'headers', and also reads headers from the incoming request (passed as 'headers'). It also reads the body, which could be from external web requests.",
  "sinks": "The code performs cryptographic operations using 'hmac.new' and 'hashlib.sha256'. It returns verification results and error messages, but does not directly perform network or file operations. No data leakage or malicious sink is present.",
  "flows": "The source inputs ('secret', 'body', 'headers') are validated, then used to compute an HMAC signature, which is compared to an expected signature from headers. The flow is straightforward: input validation -> signature computation -> comparison -> return result.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code. The function correctly handles string/bytes for body and normalizes headers. No unusual code patterns or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code validates webhook input data and performs standard HMAC verification to authenticate requests. It includes proper input validation with the 'trafaret' library and converts headers to lowercase for case-insensitive matching. The signature is computed using the secret and request data, then compared securely. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The code follows common security practices for webhook verification.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, secure implementation of webhook signature verification without any malicious intent or security issues. It does not contain obfuscated code or malware indicators. No security risks are evident beyond normal cryptographic validation procedures.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}