{
  "purpose": "This module appears to prepare parameters for Google Translate API requests and process JSON responses, including legacy JSON formatting.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to functions such as 'build_params' (client, query, src, dest, token, override), and the 'original' JSON string in 'legacy_format_json' and 'format_json'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write or send data externally; potential concerns could arise if external data (like 'override') is maliciously crafted, but no direct sink is present for untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into 'build_params' to create request parameters; JSON strings are parsed and reconstructed in 'legacy_format_json' and 'format_json'. There are no network or file operations involved in this code fragment.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. The 'legacy_format_json' function performs complex string manipulations and JSON parsing, but these appear to be intended for data formatting. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The 'rshift' function is a straightforward utility for bitwise operations.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs request parameters for an API, with optional override modifications. The 'legacy_format_json' function manages non-standard JSON formats by manipulating string content before parsing, which may be a workaround for inconsistent API responses. The functions handle data parsing and formatting without external side effects. No malicious or suspicious code behaviors are evident, such as network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors. Overall, the code appears safe, serving as a utility for API interaction and response formatting.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility module for handling API request parameters and JSON response formatting in a translation context. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are detected. The complexity of 'legacy_format_json' is solely for data reformatting and does not indicate obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}