{
  "purpose": "The code provides tools for training, evaluating, and saving neural networks, including regression and classification models, with visualization support.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from datasets (DS, TDS, VDS), environment variables are not used, and training data is processed within the class methods. No external untrusted sources are read directly.",
  "sinks": "File writing operations for saving training curves ('saveTrainingCurve') and network models ('saveNetwork') potentially write to disk. No unsafe execution or data leaks observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from dataset objects through training and validation routines. Saved files are written from internal data structures; no external untrusted data influences control flow or data integrity.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code heavily relies on external modules (pybrain, pylab, numpy, csv, logging) with standard usage. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors. The logging module is used but only for informational output. No backdoors, malicious code, or unusual behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard neural network training utility with methods for constructing networks, running training epochs, validating performance, and saving models or training curves. It employs conventional practices such as error validation, plotting, and model persistence. The only potential concern is file writing, but this is typical for such tools. There are no indications of code injection, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious network activity. The code does not perform any suspicious operations or access system resources outside normal file I/O and data processing. The use of logging is for status messages only.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate neural network training and evaluation tool. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. It operates solely on provided datasets and writes output to files as intended. No signs of malware or sabotage were found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}