{
  "purpose": "The script orchestrates a stock trading simulation using AI agents, data input via command-line arguments, and external models for decision-making.",
  "sources": "Input sources include command-line arguments, environment variables (via dotenv), user prompts through questionary, and external model providers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network connections to AI model providers (OpenAI or Ollama), file outputs (saving graphs), and printing sensitive or operational information.",
  "flows": "Input data from command-line and environment variables flow into model selection, user prompts, and portfolio initialization. User selections influence the workflow, which then propagates data to AI agents and possibly external APIs, culminating in output and visualization.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for a command-line AI-driven trading app. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network activity is evident. Usage of environment variables and external models aligns with typical secure practices. No obfuscated or intentionally misleading code features are present.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily manages user input, configuration, and orchestrates AI-driven trading logic. It loads environment variables, prompts user for analyst and model choices, and constructs workflows with specified agents. External API calls are made to models (OpenAI or Ollama) based on user choice, which are standard for AI applications. The code handles exceptions gracefully during JSON parsing and date validation, and writes output files for visualization. No hardcoded secrets, malicious data leaks, or suspicious network activity are detected. The use of subprocesses or dynamic code execution is not present. Overall, it follows typical patterns for a command-line AI-based trading simulation without evident malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured application for AI-assisted trading decision workflows. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are observed based on this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}