{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface definitions for the Amazon OpenSearch Service, facilitating type-safe API interactions.",
  "sources": "Imports from sys, typing, botocore modules, and local modules; class and method definitions that provide API calls and properties.",
  "sinks": "Potential data flow points include generate_presigned_url, which can generate URLs with embedded parameters, and methods that accept or return data that may be user-controlled or untrusted.",
  "flows": "User inputs or untrusted data could flow into methods like generate_presigned_url, accept_inbound_connection, add_tags, etc., and propagate through the API calls; however, these are standard API wrappers, not executing untrusted code or directly executing data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets detected. The code primarily consists of type annotations and method signatures wrapping AWS API calls. No dynamic execution, obfuscated code, or hidden behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured set of type annotations and API interface definitions for the boto3 OpenSearch client, including method signatures with detailed type hints, property definitions, and documentation links. It does not include any executable logic, external data processing, or code injection mechanisms. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage are present. The presence of method signatures for AWS API interactions is consistent with standard SDK practices. All operations are documented and align with official SDK patterns. The use of standard imports and conditional imports based on Python version shows compatibility considerations, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a straightforward, well-documented type definition module for the AWS boto3 OpenSearch client. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It serves as a type-safe interface layer without executing any untrusted or hidden code. The malware and security risk scores are therefore very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}