{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for analyzing peptide sequences, calculating amino acid presence, in silico cleavage, statistical analysis, mass shift calculations, and data merging for proteomics data processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters such as peptide lists, DataFrames, Series, dictionaries, and configuration parameters provided by the user.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks that handle untrusted data in a way that could cause data leaks, system compromise, or malicious actions. No network connections, file writing, or command execution are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (peptide lists, DataFrames, Series, dicts) through processing functions that perform statistical calculations, mass shift analysis, and merging operations. No untrusted data is directed to sensitive sinks or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes extensive docstrings with nonsensical repetitive text (e.g., 'QrYTduTBKhiizhNxAhxHHizwRudlcEWT'), which may suggest placeholder or obfuscated content, but does not constitute malicious activity. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious behaviors are detected. The code appears to be standard scientific processing with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple functions designed for proteomics data analysis, including amino acid frequency calculation, in silico peptide cleavage, bootstrap statistical testing, mass shift comparison, and data merging. All functions process data using standard data structures like dicts, Series, and DataFrames. No external system calls, network activity, or unsafe code patterns are present. The anomalous repetitive placeholder text appears to be dummy data or placeholders, not malicious code. The overall structure and content align with typical bioinformatics processing routines without indications of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate scientific analysis toolkit for peptide and proteomics data. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, data theft, or sabotage. The unusual repetitive placeholder text does not affect security but suggests placeholder or obfuscated comments. Overall, the code is safe for use in a scientific context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}