{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for analyzing peptide sequences, calculating amino acid statistics, processing mass shifts, and related bioinformatics analyses, primarily for peptide mass spectrometry data processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters such as 'peptide_list', 'distributions', 'number_of_PSMs', 'mass_shifts', 'pep_list', 'err_ref_df', 'reference', 'mass_shift_data_dict', 'params_dict', and 'data'. These include peptide sequences, statistical dataframes, series, dictionaries, and data handler objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calculations of p-values, bootstrap standard deviations, and mass shift comparisons. These involve mathematical operations that could be misused if manipulated, but no direct data leaks or dangerous commands are apparent.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources like peptide sequences and statistical data through calculations of amino acid presence, p-values, mass shifts, and merging procedures, resulting in statistical outputs, tables, and figures. No external network or system commands are used.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains repeated descriptions and a suspicious string 'QrYTduTBKhiizhNxAhxHHizwRudlcEWT' embedded in multiple places, which appears as a placeholder or encoded string. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or suspicious variables are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a collection of bioinformatics functions aimed at analyzing peptide and mass spectrometry data. It performs statistical calculations, data merging, and filtering. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification. The recurring string 'QrYTduTBKhiizhNxAhxHHizwRudlcEWT' is unusual but seems to be a placeholder or identifier, not malicious. No dangerous or malicious patterns are identified. The code structure is straightforward, with descriptive parameter names and clear purposes, though some repetitive descriptions may indicate code duplication or copy-paste errors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of bioinformatics analysis functions with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The only unusual element is the repeated use of an obscure string, which does not appear harmful. Overall, the code is safe, with a very low risk of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}