{
  "purpose": "The code appears to provide functions for analyzing peptide sequences, calculating amino acid frequencies, in silico peptide cleavage, mass shift analysis, and statistical evaluation related to proteomics data.",
  "sources": "Reads data from peptide lists, DataFrames, Series, dictionaries, and parameters passed to functions. No external data input methods are evident.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks where untrusted data directly affects system behavior; no network, file, or system commands are present that could leak data or cause harm.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (peptides, dataframes, series, dictionaries) through statistical and analytical functions, with no indication of untrusted data being executed or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains repetitive placeholder-like text ('QrYTduTBKhiizhNxAhxHHizwRudlcEWT') used as labels or reference strings, which is suspicious. The extensive documentation without implementation details suggests code obfuscation or placeholder content rather than functional logic. No code that manipulates environment variables, executes system commands, or reads untrusted input is present. The presence of placeholder text and complex descriptions without actual executable code points toward potential obfuscation or incomplete code structure.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily composed of docstrings describing parameters and return values for multiple functions related to peptide analysis, mass shifts, and statistical calculations. There are no actual executable code snippets, data processing logic, or function implementations provided. The placeholder text ('QrYTduTBKhiizhNxAhxHHizwRudlcEWT') appears repeatedly in descriptions, which could be an attempt to obscure or mask real variable names or data. No network activity, file I/O, or system commands are evident. The overall structure and content suggest this is either an incomplete code outline or intentionally obfuscated documentation with no actual malicious logic present.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the provided content, there is no evidence of malicious code, malware, or security risks. The presence of placeholder text and lack of executable logic indicates this may be a template or incomplete code, not an active malicious payload. No suspicious behavior or malicious intent is observable.",
  "confidence": 0.3,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}