{
  "purpose": "This code implements an API client for the 'https://app.ayrshare.com/api/' service, providing methods to interact with various endpoints such as posting, deleting, and managing media, profiles, and analytics.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, including request payloads, headers, and optional identifiers like 'id' or 'PROFILE_KEY'. It also reads the API key during initialization.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow into request payloads and URL parameters, potentially leading to injection if not sanitized. The code sends data over the network via HTTP requests, but no direct data exfiltration or malicious network activity is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into request payloads or URL parameters, then through HTTP request functions, and responses are returned as JSON. The obfuscated request method calls (e.g., 'requests.wfMAcoTqPzbTpAQJvPRQVSvjIZtALBTV') are suspicious, potentially hiding malicious behavior.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses non-standard 'requests' methods such as 'requests.wfMAcoTqPzbTpAQJvPRQVSvjIZtALBTV' and 'requests.lJJMYiOAOnpyoxaexgURtNfSVUCtAoIH', which do not exist in the standard 'requests' library. Variable and function names are heavily obfuscated, with nonsensical strings and inconsistent method calls. These patterns suggest obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a heavily obfuscated API client with nonsensical method and variable names designed to conceal its true purpose. The use of invalid 'requests' method calls indicates either obfuscation or code corruption. No explicit malicious payloads or backdoors are visible, but the obfuscation and suspicious method names are common indicators of malicious or maliciously masked code. The high obfuscation score (around 0.85) and the suspicious method calls justify a moderate to high security concern. The overall data flow is consistent with an API client, but the obfuscation warrants caution and further static analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a heavily obfuscated API client with suspicious method calls that do not conform to the standard 'requests' library, indicating obfuscation or potential malicious intent. While no active malware or payloads are evident, the obfuscation and irregular method usage pose a moderate security risk. It should be treated with caution, and further deobfuscation and analysis are recommended before deployment or use.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}