{
  "purpose": "Define a Server class with properties and a custom string representation, encapsulating server-related attributes.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from constructor parameters: 'osVSClwJGWwLcksfVGanIKnqNlJmeDQE', 'sYduGkkUWSvFBcTSLcyPMFAvzTHCcvHE', and 'lqKEACPiTgDRebKRwYpQReBwgQqDiBLG'. The 'sYduGkkUWSvFBcTSLcyPMFAvzTHCcvHE' dict provides most attribute values.",
  "sinks": "The '_secrets' attribute could contain sensitive data; it's accessed via a property but not directly used elsewhere in the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor parameters into object attributes; '_secrets' is stored from an external input; properties provide access to these attributes.",
  "anomalies": "Class and variable names are obfuscated (non-descriptive), which can be an anomaly suggesting concealment. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code are apparent. The code structure is straightforward, with no suspicious behaviors like network operations or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class 'miMcGDDCbwOacXkdiYLXoNgrKzKRpyxr' with an init method that initializes several attributes from input parameters. One parameter is expected to be a dictionary for descriptive attributes. The class includes a __repr__ method for a custom string representation, which conditionally masks secrets. All methods are property getters, providing read-only access to internal attributes. The variable names are intentionally obfuscated, which can be an indicator of attempts to hide malicious intent, but the code itself performs no malicious actions, such as network communication, file access, or system modifications. The '_secrets' attribute might contain sensitive data, but it's only stored and exposed via a property, not used elsewhere.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward data container with obfuscated names. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security issues are detected. The obfuscation could be to conceal purpose, but there is no evidence of malicious intent within this fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}