{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of parameter validation functions to enforce data integrity and type correctness in Python functions, including checks for non-null, non-empty, non-blank strings, and numeric bounds.",
  "sources": "None of the functions read untrusted input directly; they operate on function parameters passed during runtime. The only potential source is the function parameters themselves, which are validated against specific rules.",
  "sinks": "The functions do not write to files, network, or system resources; they only raise exceptions when validation fails.",
  "flows": "Validation functions receive input parameters, check their values or types, and may raise exceptions if validation fails. No external data flows or data exfiltration occur.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious or malicious code patterns such as code injection, data leaks, backdoors, or hidden network activity. The code appears to be standard validation logic with exception handling. No hardcoded credentials, environment variable misuse, or unsafe operations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several validation functions decorated with a parameter validation decorator. They perform type and value checks, raising exceptions on invalid data. The functions are straightforward and focus on data validation. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network activity, file operations, or hidden code exists. The only minor concern is the generic exception handling in validation functions, which is acceptable for validation logic but warrants ensuring the decorator's behavior is safe (not provided). Overall, the code appears legitimate, intended solely for parameter validation without any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is standard validation utility functions for parameters with no signs of malicious intent or supply chain security issues. It is safe, and no malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}