{
  "purpose": "CLI tool for interacting with Wilma school portal, including login, message retrieval, and summarization.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (WILMA_USERNAME, WILMA_PASSWORD, WILMA_BASE_URL), user input prompts for credentials, command arguments.",
  "sinks": "Asyncio calls to WilmaClient's login and message retrieval methods, API key usage in summarizer, console output for displaying messages.",
  "flows": "Credentials are obtained from environment variables or user prompts; login data flows into WilmaClient methods; messages are retrieved and optionally summarized; output displayed via console.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, API keys, or secret tokens present. No use of dynamic code execution or obfuscation. Environment variable reliance is standard. The summarization involves external API calls which is normal for AI features, not suspicious. No hidden backdoors or malicious behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward CLI wrapper for a web portal, utilizing standard libraries for environment management, async operations, and console output. Credentials are handled securely via prompts or environment variables; no hardcoded secrets are observed. External API calls are limited to AI summarization functions, with error handling in place. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, or harmful behaviors are present. The use of external summarization APIs is typical for AI features and does not suggest malicious intent. Overall, the structure is consistent with a legitimate CLI tool for message management.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate and focused on user interaction with a web portal for message retrieval and summarization. No malicious or sabotage behavior detected. The implementation uses standard practices for credential handling, API interaction, and output display. The presence of environment variable handling and external API calls for summarization is normal for such applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}