{
  "purpose": "The code implements a CLI for interacting with the Wilma school portal, allowing login, message listing, message viewing, and AI-based message summarization.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (WILMA_USERNAME, WILMA_PASSWORD, WILMA_BASE_URL), command-line arguments, user prompts for credentials, and message data retrieved via WilmaClient methods.",
  "sinks": "Credential variables used for login, message content displayed in the console, API calls to WilmaClient, and AI summarization functions that may access message data.",
  "flows": "Input sources (env vars, prompts, args) flow into login and message retrieval functions; message data flows into display/output functions and summarization routines. Credentials flow from input to login functions; messages flow from API to display and summarization; AI summaries may process message content.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials or secrets detected. No suspicious external network connections or file manipulations. Usage of environment variables for credentials and API keys appears standard. Summarization relies on external AI API, but no evidence of malicious API misuse. No obfuscated or unusual code constructs. All data flows seem consistent with normal CLI operations.",
  "analysis": "The code loads environment variables for credentials and API URLs, prompts for credentials if not provided, and performs asynchronous login via WilmaClient. Message data is retrieved securely and displayed in a table or detailed view, with optional AI summarization. No suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors are evident. External API usage for summarization is transparent and standard. All functions follow expected patterns for CLI tools and API interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate CLI application for interacting with Wilma school portal messages, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It uses standard practices for credential management and message processing. There are no indicators of malware, backdoors, or security breaches.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}