{
  "purpose": "The code appears to manage user authentication and authorization, loading user credentials from YAML files and verifying passwords using SHA-256 hashes. It also checks user permissions for certain features based on loaded data.",
  "sources": "Reading files from the 'AuthentificationFile' directory for each username; reading user data via YAML files; accessing environment variables indirectly through os.path and os.path.join.",
  "sinks": "Comparison of hashed passwords for authentication; assignment of user data to global variables; use of loaded data for permission checks.",
  "flows": "Input credentials (user and password) are loaded from files; password verification hashes input password and compares to stored hash; upon success, user data is loaded into globals; permission functions read global variables to determine access.",
  "anomalies": "Use of global variables to store sensitive data; exception handling that broadly captures errors without specific handling; loading user data directly from YAML files based on username input—potentially risky if file names are not sanitized; no clear encryption or secure storage for user credentials. The code concatenates password and username before hashing for verification, which is somewhat unusual but not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script performs user authentication by reading YAML files per username and verifying hashed passwords. It employs standard hashing (SHA-256) without salting, which is a security concern but not malicious per se. The code dynamically loads user-specific data and sets global variables, which could be abused if file access is compromised. No network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection is present. No suspicious or malicious system calls or obfuscated code techniques are detected. The broad exception handling around file reading and data processing could mask errors but does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code's behavior is consistent with a typical user authentication module, with no clear signs of malware or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward user authentication and permission management module that loads user data from YAML files, verifies passwords with SHA-256 hashing, and checks permissions based on stored data. There are no evident malicious behaviors or supply chain attacks. Its security weaknesses include lack of password salting and broad exception handling, but these are not indicative of malicious intent. Overall, the code appears benign and does not exhibit malware or harmful activity.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}