{
  "purpose": "Define a decorator for the 'provides' GraphQL federation directive, allowing schema authors to specify entity resolution behavior.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters 'fields', 'graphene_type', and optional 'auto_case' and 'federation_version'. It also calls external functions like 'get_directive_from_name', 'ast_to_str', and 'build_ast'.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs a decorator that is applied to GraphQL type or field objects. It constructs directive strings and applies a decorator via 'directive_decorator'. No direct sinks for untrusted data are evident, as data is mainly processed internally and passed to external functions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> 'fields' processing -> 'ast_to_str' and 'build_ast' functions -> 'decorator' application on type/field objects.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code structures; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious logic present. The code relies on external libraries for directive handling and AST construction, which are typical in GraphQL schema definitions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a schema decorator for GraphQL federation directives. It processes input parameters, converts fields into directive arguments, and applies a decorator to GraphQL types or fields. The use of external helper functions appears standard and safe. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscated code, or malicious payloads are present. The overall flow is well-structured, focusing on schema metadata without any network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard schema decorator function for GraphQL federation directives. It performs no malicious actions, does not contain obfuscation or malware, and poses no security risks based on the analysis. It is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}