{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for visualizing Dask task graphs using various visualization libraries such as Graphviz and Cytoscape, as well as some string processing functions for labeling and hashing.",
  "sources": "Input data from user-defined functions, string patterns (hashes and UUIDs), and Dask task graph dictionaries.",
  "sinks": "File system writes (graph images and HTML files), data returned to IPython for display, and graphviz pipe outputs.",
  "flows": "String pattern matching on labels → graph creation with graphviz or cytoscape → optional file writing or display embedding.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs observed. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution detected. Use of external visualization libraries appears standard. Cache usage in label function is benign; no harmful side effects.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly consists of functions for labeling, graph visualization, and conversion of Dask graphs into visualization formats (Graphviz, Cytoscape JSON). It includes imports from standard and third-party libraries (dask, re, os, functools). The code handles input graphs and produces visual representations either on-screen or as files. It uses pattern matching to anonymize hashes and UUIDs in labels, avoiding revealing sensitive information. The visualization functions depend on external libraries but do not execute untrusted code or perform network operations. No suspicious or malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, system modification, or covert channels, is detected. The only potential concern might be file writing operations, but they are controlled and depend on user-specified filenames. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code paths are found.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a set of visualization utilities for Dask graphs, employing standard libraries and methods. It does not contain malware, malicious behaviors, or security risks. The code appears safe and intended for legitimate visualization purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}