{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for memory size formatting and SHA-256 hashing of data buffers.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters: 'bytes' (numeric input) and 'upjaeKNFGByeVIvsJjGOtRoJmGyWNcuR' (a buffer object). It also reads the optional 'humanize' module during import.",
  "sinks": "The hashing function outputs digest bytes; the size formatting function outputs formatted strings. No untrusted data is written or transmitted; only formatting and hashing are performed.",
  "flows": "Input numeric 'bytes' flows into formatting function, potentially calling 'humanize' or default formatting. Buffer data flows into the hashing function, producing a digest. No external sinks or data exfiltration is apparent.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated variable names (e.g., ohMEDLzOqVRzcepVUSYWiCeCMkaHiqrz, upjaeKNFGByeVIvsJjGOtRoJmGyWNcuR) and dynamic import without validation are suspicious. The code is intentionally obscured, likely to hide its purpose. No hardcoded secrets or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code contains two main functions: one for formatting memory size, potentially using an external 'humanize' module, and another for computing a SHA-256 hash of a buffer. The import mechanism uses a try-except block with an obfuscated variable name, which could be an attempt to hide the dependency. The use of obscure variable names and dynamic import hints at obfuscation, but no malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors is present. The functions perform standard, benign operations: formatting data size and hashing data buffers.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility module for size formatting and hashing, with obfuscated variable names and dynamic import that could suggest concealment, but no malicious or suspicious activity is detected. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}