{
  "purpose": "The code manages syncer configurations, interacts with external APIs to fetch and update syncer data, and handles sensitive credentials and secrets for database and API integrations.",
  "sources": "API responses from endpoints like '/api/get-syncers' and '/api/get-syncer', reading credentials and configuration data from class attributes and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "API calls transmitting credentials and configuration data, JSON serialization of class objects, and network requests involving sensitive information.",
  "flows": "Data flows from API responses into class instances, which are then used to generate further API requests, potentially transmitting sensitive data over the network.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation with nonsensical class and method names, suspicious function name 'FanlldaqUZxxgUpXHneRkQkZLDemzqJh' (likely a typo or obfuscation), inconsistent variable references (e.g., 'self' vs. class variables), handling of secrets in network requests, and use of dynamic attribute setting.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated, with non-descriptive class and method names, and contains suspicious typos or obfuscation in function names. It manages configuration data and interacts with external APIs, transmitting credentials and secrets. No explicit malicious payloads such as code execution, data exfiltration, or system manipulation are visible. The obfuscation and handling of secrets over network requests pose security concerns, especially in supply chain contexts. The code's purpose appears legitimate but could be exploited if embedded maliciously. The heavy obfuscation and secret handling justify a high obfuscation score (~0.75) and a moderate security risk (~0.5). The malware likelihood remains low (~0.2) as no active malicious activity is evident, but the obfuscation and secret management warrant caution.",
  "conclusion": "The code is heavily obfuscated and handles sensitive credentials, raising security concerns. While no explicit malware is detected, the obfuscation and secret handling could be exploited maliciously. The overall malware score should be around 0.3, obfuscation score about 0.75, and security risk approximately 0.5. Further review and static analysis are recommended before deployment, especially in supply chain scenarios.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}