{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to process, merge, and generate reports (CSV and Excel) from scan results, possibly for security or vulnerability assessments, related to open-source dependencies.",
  "sources": "Reading data from scan items via scan_item.get_print_array(), accessing external_sheets, and reading input files from the filesystem (os.listdir, open files).",
  "sinks": "Writing output to CSV and Excel files, creating and merging Excel files, possibly involving file creation in user directories.",
  "flows": "Data flows from scan_item.get_print_array() and external_sheets to CSV/Excel files. Data read from input files may be written directly to output files. No untrusted data inputs are directly used for system commands or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets detected. No unusual code constructs, obfuscated code, or dynamic execution observed. The code uses standard libraries and methods for file I/O and data processing.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs data extraction, sorting, and reporting. It uses standard Python libraries (csv, os, pandas, xlsxwriter) to process data and generate reports. No network activity, system commands, or sensitive data access beyond reading files and generating output. No hardcoded secrets or malicious behavior detected. The functions are well-structured for report generation and merging. The code includes exception handling to prevent crashes but does not contain hidden code or obfuscated logic. The only potential concern might be if external input (file names or data) is maliciously crafted, but this is typical for report generation scripts.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the review, the code appears to be a standard report generation utility for security scan data with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It performs file I/O and data processing securely without suspicious logic. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}