{
  "purpose": "This function retrieves AIS data from a remote API using specified parameters and returns normalized JSON data.",
  "sources": "The function reads input parameters such as subscription_key, dateFrom, dateTo, and optional proxy settings (eLIYENNMEdAjNyWpLLaIOoJREkbblGXN). It also reads data from the API response.",
  "sinks": "The API response data is parsed and returned; no direct sink of untrusted data occurs within this code. Proxy configuration could potentially be a sink if malicious proxy is provided, but it's used here for HTTP requests.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into URL construction, request parameters, and the HTTP request. The API response flows into JSON parsing and normalization before being returned.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual naming conventions and obfuscated variable names, which hinder readability but do not indicate malicious intent. Proxy settings are conditionally set but not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious hardcoded secrets are present.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a URL and request parameters from input arguments, including a subscription key. It conditionally creates a proxy manager if proxy details are provided. The HTTP GET request is made with a timeout of 120 seconds. The response is checked for status code 200; otherwise, an error message is printed. Successful responses are decoded from JSON, normalized, and returned. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behaviors are detected. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The naming conventions are obfuscated but do not directly imply malicious intent. Proxy usage is standard for HTTP requests.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a legitimate API data retrieval with proper error handling and data normalization. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. Obfuscated variable names impair readability but are not malicious. Overall, this appears to be a standard data-fetching function with no security risks detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}