{
  "purpose": "Retrieve AIS data from a remote API endpoint with customizable parameters.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as subscription_key, dateFrom, dateTo, and optional proxy URL; data fetched from external API via urllib3 request.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks if subscription_key or other sensitive parameters are exposed; network request to external API endpoint.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> URL and request parameters -> HTTP request -> Response handling -> Data normalization and return.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic URL construction with input parameters; inclusion of subscription key directly in request data; optional proxy configuration. No hardcoded credentials observed, but reliance on external parameters could lead to misuse if parameters are compromised.",
  "analysis": "The function dynamically constructs an API URL and request parameters, including a subscription key. It uses urllib3 for HTTP requests, with optional proxy support. The code handles responses and errors appropriately. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious obfuscated code, or backdoors are present. The API call is straightforward, with no evident malicious payload or obfuscation. The proxy configuration is flexible but not inherently malicious. The code appears to perform a legitimate data retrieval operation with proper error handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or malicious network activity. The inclusion of the subscription key parameter and request handling could be sensitive if misused, but this is typical for API access functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API data fetcher with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It performs data retrieval from a specified endpoint, handling parameters and errors appropriately. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}