{
  "purpose": "This code defines data structures and parsing strategies for reading and interpreting .NET metadata tables, likely used in a tool for inspecting or manipulating .NET assemblies.",
  "sources": "Data sources include class attributes, method parameters, and internal class properties such as 'self._str_offsz', 'self._blob_offsz', and other internal parsing state variables; the code reads metadata table row data and heap indices.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data input could be the heap indices (string, GUID, blob indices) and table row data. These are used to access external resources such as string, GUID, and blob heaps. The code does not perform any network or file operations directly.",
  "flows": "Sources of data (heap indices, raw row data) flow into format computation and parsing functions, which may generate structured representations or indices. These are used to retrieve data from heaps but no external or unsafe operations are performed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior is apparent. The code uses standard data structure definitions and parsing strategies. There are no obfuscated language features or unusual dynamic code execution. The class structure appears to be purely declarative and for data parsing.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of class definitions that represent .NET metadata tables with associated parsing logic. It includes methods to compute data formats based on heap index sizes and table row layouts. The 'createTable' factory method dynamically creates instances of these table classes based on table number mappings. No external network or system commands are invoked, and no sensitive data handling or code injection mechanisms are present. The code follows standard design patterns for data deserialization and struct layout, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward implementation of .NET metadata table structures for parsing and interpreting metadata within assemblies. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms. Its purpose appears to be non-malicious data processing related to .NET assembly inspection.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}