{
  "purpose": "Analysis of open-source Python dependency code for malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks, focusing on suspicious patterns, dangerous functions, obfuscation, and data flows.",
  "sources": "Environment variables, user inputs, network communications, file reads, dynamic code execution points (exec/eval), hardcoded URLs/tokens.",
  "sinks": "Network endpoints, file system, environment variables, system commands, potential data exfiltration points.",
  "flows": "Input sources (user/env) to dangerous functions (exec/eval), network connections, data leaks, or system modifications.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'exec'/'eval' on untrusted data, obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, dynamic code, suspicious network activity, inconsistent scoring with code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The reports are largely consistent with their observations. Report 2 correctly identifies high suspicion with high malware (0.8) and obfuscation scores (0.8). Reports 1 and 4 are benign, with scores of 0 for malware and obfuscation, and low security risk (0.2). Report 3 notes risky functions ('exec', 'eval') but assigns a moderate malware score (0.4); this could be slightly increased to 0.5 for better alignment with the observed patterns. Report 5 discusses potential misuse but assigns a low malware score (0). Overall, the highest suspicion stems from Report 2, justified by its patterns. The moderate scores in Reports 3 and 5 reflect potential risks but lack confirmed malicious payloads. The overall malware estimate is around 0.6, obfuscation around 0.2–0.3, and security risk around 0.4–0.5, balancing benign and suspicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "Most code appears benign, with some reports indicating potential risks due to dangerous functions and obfuscation. Report 2's high suspicion is justified. Slightly increasing the malware score in Report 3 from 0.4 to 0.5 would better reflect the observed risky functions. Overall, the dependency exhibits low to moderate security risk, with most patterns not definitively malicious but warranting caution.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.6,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}