{
  "purpose": "This module provides a helper/wrapper class for the ExifTool executable, enhancing usability and safety in invoking exiftool commands from Python.",
  "sources": "Reading input files via method parameters; reading configuration flags such as auto_start, check_execute, check_tag_names.",
  "sinks": "Execution of external exiftool process via self.execute() and self.execute_json(). No other data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input files and parameters flow into methods like get_tags() and set_tags(), which construct command arguments. These arguments are passed to self.execute() or self.execute_json(), which invoke the exiftool process.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors observed. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or system sabotage detected. The code uses standard regex validation for tag names and proper exception handling. No signs of malicious privacy violations or data theft. No network operations, file modifications, or other suspicious actions present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-structured wrapper class for a command-line utility (exiftool). It validates inputs, manages process execution, and handles exceptions. It does not contain any suspicious patterns, code injection, or hidden behaviors. No hardcoded secrets or network connections are present. The functionality is strictly related to metadata extraction and modification via external process calls. The presence of detailed validation and error handling indicates a focus on robustness rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, utility wrapper for exiftool with no malicious or sabotage behavior. It performs input validation, manages process control, and provides convenience methods for metadata operations. There is no evidence of malware or malicious activity. The security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}