{
  "purpose": "This code defines a class for interacting with AWS Athena and related AWS services, providing functionalities such as executing queries, retrieving results, and managing query execution states.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from S3 buckets via URLs; reads query strings as input; accesses AWS Athena, Glue, S3, and STS services; reads configuration data from boto3 sessions.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include returning dataframes with query results; stopping and retrieving query statuses; deleting objects from S3 buckets; logging info messages.",
  "flows": "Query strings (source) are executed via __execute_query, which submits the query to Athena, then polls status until completion, retrieves results, and optionally deletes temporary S3 objects. Data flows from AWS services (S3, Athena, Glue) back to the application. Deletion of S3 objects occurs after retrieving results if not saved.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, no hardcoded credentials, no unusual code structures. Uses regex to validate S3 paths, which is standard. The code appears typical for AWS SDK usage. No hidden or suspicious behaviors observed. Logging is minimal and appropriate.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of an Athena query interface using boto3. It performs standard AWS operations, including querying, polling status, retrieving and deleting results, and managing queries. It does not contain any hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms. No suspicious data flows or anomalies such as network connections to unknown domains, or code that could perform unauthorized actions. Use of regex validation for S3 paths is standard practice. The code respects data security by deleting temporary results unless explicitly saved. Overall, this appears to be a legitimate, security-conscious utility for AWS Athena interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for managing Athena queries with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions as intended for secure query execution and result management, with appropriate error handling and logging. No indicators of malware or supply chain attacks are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}