{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate and display ASCII graphs with color data, likely for visualizing test values.",
  "sources": "The code reads hardcoded tuples containing test values and optional color parameters, and imports modules that define colors and graphical functions.",
  "sinks": "Print statements output ASCII graphs and color data to the console; no external data sinks or network activity are observed.",
  "flows": "Hardcoded test data is passed to graph rendering functions, which then produce visual output; no untrusted external input is processed or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes obfuscated module and variable names, and imports modules that may be used for visual representation. No suspicious code or hardcoded secrets are apparent beyond obfuscation. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or suspicious network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports specific modules related to ASCII graph plotting and color management, then constructs data arrays with numerical values and optional color parameters. It creates instances of graph objects, and renders multiple ASCII graphs based on predefined test data. The code repeats similar steps multiple times, including additional color data and rendering, then terminates. The obfuscated naming and multiple similar blocks are unusual but do not inherently indicate malicious intent. There are no code injection, data exfiltration, or harmful commands present. The script primarily focuses on data visualization without external dependencies or network activity.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a visualization utility generating ASCII graphs with optional color schemes. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. Obfuscation appears to be for code concealment rather than malicious purposes. Overall, the code is benign and does not pose security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}