{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate ASCII graphs with colored data, likely for visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "Data sources include predefined tuples with labels, values, and color variables; the code also imports data from external modules and uses them for plotting.",
  "sinks": "Output to console via print statements; no data is sent over networks or written to files. No untrusted input sources are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from predefined tuples and imported variables into graph rendering functions, which then output to the console.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated or non-descriptive variable names, such as 'duPJEJTsJbNhYCKaaMQpbLtNyjOjnQOG', 'ToQonODnILaFVFUrbQzsfqAtvOABgdHg', and 'UvfkojMgZZHaOqYgcSEsctBiYzRcSqCI'. The code imports modules and variables with names that do not match standard library or common patterns, which could indicate obfuscation or concealment. The initial import line attempts to import a class or function from 'ascii_graph', but with a malformed syntax (missing parentheses or incorrect syntax). The code loads multiple color data objects and graph data, then renders multiple graphs. The obfuscation of variable names and the pattern of repeated similar code blocks may suggest an attempt to hide the true purpose or to evade detection. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The 'exit(0)' at the end is harmless but indicates script termination.",
  "analysis": "The code loads modules with seemingly obfuscated or nonsensical names, then constructs data lists with labels, numeric values, and color variables. It repeatedly creates instances of a graph object and calls a plotting method, then prints the results. The code appears focused on generating visual ASCII graphs with colored data. There are no evident network operations, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications. The use of obfuscated variable names and unusual import syntax suggests potential concealment, but the actual functionality appears benign—mainly data visualization. There are no signs of malware such as system manipulation, backdoors, or data theft. The code does not process untrusted input nor performs any dangerous operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a data visualization script with heavily obfuscated variable names. It does not demonstrate malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided analysis. The main concern is the obfuscation, which may warrant further review, but no malicious intent is evident from the functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}