{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom exception classes and error handling functions for a data processing library, primarily managing error reporting and exception propagation within a data pipeline framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'errorResponse' parameter in functions like 'raise_engine_error' and various exception constructors. It also accesses the 'session_id' from an imported module.",
  "sinks": "There are no clear sinks where untrusted data flows into sensitive operations. The code constructs and raises exceptions based on error data but does not perform operations like network requests, file writes, or code execution based on untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Error responses are parsed and used to instantiate exception objects, which are then raised. The 'session_id' is used in exception messages but is imported and not dynamically influenced by external input within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code follows standard exception class definitions and error handling patterns. No obfuscation or suspicious behavior is observed. The import of a 'session_id' suggests external dependency, but it appears to be used solely for logging purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code provides structured error handling for a data processing framework, with custom exceptions that include contextual information such as session IDs and error codes. It parses error response objects to extract detailed error data, but does not execute or evaluate untrusted code or perform network operations. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or hidden backdoors, are evident. The code appears to be a standard part of an error handling library for a data processing SDK.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured error handling module without malicious intent. It manages exceptions based on error responses and does not contain any suspicious or malicious behavior. No malicious supply chain attacks or sabotage indicators are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}