{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom exceptions and error handling mechanisms for a data processing framework, primarily for managing and reporting errors related to data flow execution.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'errorCode', 'message', and various error data fields from error response dictionaries; also reads 'session_id' from an imported module.",
  "sinks": "The code formats error messages and logs incorporating 'session_id', error codes, and other error data. No sinks that process untrusted external input or execute system commands are evident.",
  "flows": "Error response dictionaries are passed to exception constructors, which extract fields and generate error messages; 'session_id' is read from an imported module. No external data flows or network actions are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious constructs are identified. Exception handling and logging appear standard. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a set of custom exception classes for error management in a data processing context, mainly wrapping error responses and logging error details. It reads error codes, messages, and data from structured dictionaries, then formats and raises exceptions accordingly. No external inputs are processed directly in a way that could lead to injection or malicious activity. The only external reference is 'session_id' imported from a local module, used in message formatting. No network calls, system modifications, or suspicious behaviors are present. Overall, the code appears focused on error handling with no malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard error handling module for a data processing framework. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The logic is straightforward, centered on exception classes and message formatting, with no external or malicious code observed.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}