{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom exceptions and error handling logic for a data processing framework, specifically for managing various error conditions during data flow execution.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules (e.g., session_id from ._loggerfactory), error response dictionaries passed into exception classes, and error message strings within exception constructors.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include formatting error messages with session_id and error details, and printing import error messages. However, no data is transmitted over the network or written to external systems directly.",
  "flows": "Error responses are processed to extract error details, which are then used to raise exceptions or generate messages; the session_id from an imported module is included in error messages, and exception objects are instantiated with data from error responses.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are detected. The use of session_id in error messages is standard for tracking. No obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or hidden backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a structured error handling module with custom exceptions tailored for a data processing context. It processes error response dictionaries, extracts relevant error metadata, and formats exception messages. The session_id is imported and used in error messages for context. All data flows are internal; no external network or file system access occurs within this code snippet. There are no signs of malicious code, suspicious data handling, or sabotage. The exception classes do not perform any operations that could be exploited or used maliciously. The import error handling provides user guidance but does not contain harmful logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured error handling framework without signs of malicious intent or security risks. It simply defines custom exceptions and processes error data for debugging and operational purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}