{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom exception classes and error handling functions for a data processing framework, primarily used for managing errors and exceptions during data flow operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads the error_response parameter in functions raise_engine_error, and the error_response and session_id variables in exception classes. It also reads error_data within exception constructors.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs exception messages that include session_id and error details, but it does not directly write or transmit data to external systems or outputs. No data sinks or untrusted data handling points are present.",
  "flows": "Error responses are processed from input (error_response), and error details are incorporated into exception messages. The flow is from input error_response to exception raising, with no external data flow or network activity observed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code, are present. The only notable aspect is the inclusion of session_id in exception messages, which is standard for tracing. No backdoors or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code provides structured exception classes for error handling within a data processing context. It captures error details from error_response objects and logs or raises exceptions accordingly. The import statements are standard, importing logger-related modules and defining custom exceptions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The use of session_id appears to be for logging or debugging purposes. Overall, the code appears to be well-structured error handling code without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of custom exception classes and error handling functions for a data processing framework. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. The code is straightforward and appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}