{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for a Flask-based web application, including response creation, URL generation, request streaming, file sending, and session-based message flashing.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (e.g., FLASK_DEBUG, FLASK_SKIP_DOTENV), request environment variables, session data, and template files.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include sending files via send_file and send_from_directory, redirect responses, aborting requests, and modifying response headers.",
  "flows": "Sources such as environment variables and request data are used in decision-making and URL generation; session data is used in flashing messages; data from templates and environment variables flow into response objects; file paths and file-like objects flow into send_file functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. Usage of environment variables is standard and safe. No obfuscated code, malicious network calls, or system disruptions are evident. The code adheres to standard Flask practices without suspicious modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of well-defined utility functions for Flask applications, including safe environment variable access, request context handling, response creation, URL building, redirection, aborts, and secure file sending. No indications of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful network activity, are present. The environment variable access is read-only and for configuration. The file and directory serving functions use Werkzeug's secure mechanisms. Session and flash message handling follow Flask's standard patterns. There are no suspicious code patterns, data leaks, or unsafe behaviors observed.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be standard Flask utility functions aimed at facilitating web responses, URL handling, and secure file serving. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage. The code is well-structured and adheres to best practices, with no suspicious anomalies detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}