{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for a Flask web application, including response creation, URL generation, request context management, flashing messages, and file sending.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (FLASK_DEBUG, FLASK_SKIP_DOTENV), request environment and globals, session data, template environment, imported modules, request input data (not explicitly shown but implied via request context).",
  "sinks": "Response objects (make_response, send_file, send_from_directory, redirect), environment variables (used for debug and dotenv loading), session data (flashes), template attributes, request environment for file sending.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence debug/dotenv behavior. Session data flows into flashing functions and message storage. Request context is used in streaming and response generation. File paths and environment variables are passed into functions like send_file and send_from_directory, which generate HTTP responses.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets detected. The code mainly interacts with Flask and Werkzeug APIs. No evidence of data exfiltration, remote connections, or malicious obfuscation. The only potentially notable aspect is reliance on environment variables for configuration, which is standard practice but warrants cautious handling in production.",
  "analysis": "The code implements common Flask utility functions, handling response creation, URL building, request context management, flashing messages, and secure file serving. No direct data leaks or malicious network behavior are observed. The functions follow typical patterns for Flask applications, utilizing environment variables for configuration and external libraries (Werkzeug) for secure HTTP handling. No suspicious code constructs, obfuscation, or backdoors are present. The session management for flashes is standard, with no evident tampering. The file sending functions correctly rely on safe path resolution. Overall, the code appears to be a standard Flask support module without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical Flask utility module providing safe response, URL, and file handling functions. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware is detected. It adheres to standard practices, with no signs of security risks beyond standard configuration and environment reliance. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}