{
  "purpose": "Import all contents from the local module 'lib_rocksdb'.",
  "sources": "The import statement itself; no external data sources or inputs are involved.",
  "sinks": "Potential execution of code within 'lib_rocksdb' if it contains malicious code, which could lead to code execution or data exfiltration upon import.",
  "flows": "Import statement loads 'lib_rocksdb' into the namespace; if the module contains malicious code, it executes during import, potentially affecting the environment.",
  "anomalies": "None observed in the import statement itself; use of 'import *' can obscure imported symbols but is not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward relative import of all symbols from 'lib_rocksdb'. The safety of this code depends entirely on the contents of 'lib_rocksdb'. No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious constructs are present in this snippet. The malware and obfuscation scores are appropriately set to 0. The security risk score is low, reflecting that the import itself is benign but emphasizing that the trustworthiness of 'lib_rocksdb' is critical. The confidence score is high, given the simplicity of the code and the absence of suspicious features. The main concern is supply chain security: if 'lib_rocksdb' is compromised or malicious, it could execute harmful code upon import. Therefore, the overall risk is minimal but warrants verification of the module's integrity.",
  "conclusion": "The import statement is benign and standard. The primary security concern is the trustworthiness of the 'lib_rocksdb' module. No malicious activity or obfuscation is evident in this code snippet. Scores are consistent with the analysis, with malware and obfuscated scores at 0, and a low risk score reflecting the need to verify the module's source. If the module is from a trusted source, no further action is necessary; otherwise, review or sandboxing is advisable.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}