{
  "purpose": "The code dynamically creates Pydantic models for various request and response schemas related to a service interface, including callbacks and validation models.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries, third-party libraries (pydantic, langchain_core), and local modules (langserve.schema). The code reads configuration, request data, callback events, and response types.",
  "sinks": "Model creation functions, which process and validate data; potential for untrusted data flow through validation models.",
  "flows": "Input data is validated and structured via create_model calls, with potential untrusted input being passed into models (e.g., request models). Callback events and error objects are constructed with input data, which could include untrusted or malicious content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code relies on standard library and widely used packages without suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or external calls. The code appears to focus solely on data modeling and validation, with no network, file, or system commands. No unusual variables or code constructs indicative of malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions for creating dynamic Pydantic models used for request and response validation, as well as callback event schemas. All functions and classes utilize standard Python features and well-established libraries (pydantic, langchain_core). No code snippets perform network calls, execute system commands, or handle secrets. The models include fields for input validation, metadata, and callback events, but do not contain or process any sensitive data, hardcoded credentials, or malicious logic. The overall structure aligns with typical data validation schemas for a service API, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. The inclusion of callback events and error handling models is consistent with expected behavior for a logging or event system.",
  "conclusion": "The code is purely focused on creating data validation models for request/response schemas and callback events. It uses standard practices without any suspicious or malicious behavior. No malicious or sabotage code is present, and the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}