{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility classes and functions for constructing API requests, handling responses, and applying filters for a PostgREST client. It facilitates safe query building, response validation, and request customization.",
  "sources": "Function arguments (e.g., columns, JSON payloads, filters), class properties (headers, params), and HTTP response content.",
  "sinks": "Parsed JSON data, headers, and query parameters that could be manipulated if untrusted data is introduced into request construction or response handling.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters into request headers, query parameters, and JSON payloads; responses are parsed into data models, with validation to prevent misinterpretation of errors.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, obfuscation, or suspicious code patterns. Use of standard sanitization and validation functions. No network activity or code injection observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured API client library for PostgREST, employing standard practices for request building, response parsing, and validation. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or backdoors are present. The response validation and sanitization functions mitigate common injection risks. The code's purpose is to facilitate safe API interactions, and it does so with appropriate validation and standard libraries. No suspicious data flows or anomalies are detected. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2) are consistent with the benign and standard nature of the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured API client library with no malicious intent or behavior. It employs standard validation and sanitization practices, with no signs of obfuscation or sabotage. The low security risk score is justified given its role and the absence of vulnerabilities or malicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}