{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of classes and functions to construct and handle HTTP requests and responses for a PostgREST API client, focusing on query building, filtering, and response parsing.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, including JSON payloads, query parameters, headers, and request configurations. Data is also retrieved from HTTP response objects via .json() and .text attributes.",
  "sinks": "Data from HTTP responses is processed in methods like from_http_request_response and from_dict, where the JSON content is parsed and used to instantiate response objects. No evident sinks process untrusted data into system-sensitive operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from HTTP responses into JSON parsing methods, which then instantiate APIResponse objects. User-supplied parameters influence query construction but are sanitized before inclusion. No flow indicates direct or insecure data handling leading to system effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code relies on external libraries such as httpx and pydantic, with conditional imports for compatibility, which is typical. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are evident. There are no suspicious network calls or file manipulations.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of utility functions for query preparation and classes for response handling and request building. It implements standard API client patterns, with parameter sanitization and response validation. No malicious behaviors, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden network activities, are detected. The logic is consistent with an SDK for interfacing with a RESTful API, with no suspicious logic or data leaks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard, well-structured API client implementation. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It performs typical query and response handling without any malicious side effects or covert channels.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}