{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of utilities and classes for building and executing database queries and handling responses via an API, specifically for a PostgREST-like API interface.",
  "sources": "Input sources include method parameters for query construction, such as columns, filters, and request configurations; also, it reads headers and response content from HTTP request responses.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are HTTP request calls via session objects, response parsing (json()), and handling of untrusted input data via filter methods and query parameters.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., filter criteria, query parameters) flows into request-building methods, which assemble HTTP requests; responses are parsed and converted into data models; untrusted data can propagate from HTTP responses into data objects.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. Use of dynamic code constructs or obfuscated code is absent. The code relies on standard libraries and well-known third-party packages like httpx and pydantic. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration is evident. No unusual or obfuscated code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily focused on constructing safe query parameters and handling API responses with validation. It employs common practices such as input sanitization (via sanitize_param), response validation, and structured query builders. No signs of malicious behavior, such as code injection, data theft, or network abuse, are detected. The logic appears to be straightforward and intended for API interaction, with no hardcoded secrets or malicious payloads. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate query utility library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, standard utility module for query building and response parsing for a database API. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks based on the current review. No suspicious or malicious patterns are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}