{
  "purpose": "This code provides a command-line interface to query a remote Context7 MCP server for documentation related to specified libraries and topics.",
  "sources": "Reads command-line arguments (--library, --topic, --tokens, --verbose), input from subprocess communication with 'npx' command.",
  "sinks": "Outputs JSON-formatted documentation or error messages to stdout; subprocess communicates with external process, captures stdout and stderr.",
  "flows": "User inputs command-line parameters -> query_context7_mcp function constructs JSON query -> spawns subprocess with 'npx' -> sends JSON input -> receives and parses JSON output -> prints results or errors.",
  "anomalies": "Use of subprocess to invoke external package via 'npx' could be exploited if 'npx' or '@upstash/context7-mcp' is compromised. No input sanitization beyond basic validation, but parameters are used directly in subprocess call, which could be risky if manipulated externally. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code present. No suspicious dynamic code execution or file operations beyond subprocess.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily interacts with an external server via a subprocess call, passing JSON data. It validates input parameters minimally (non-empty library, positive token count). The subprocess invocation relies on 'npx' to run an external package, which could be a supply chain concern if the package is malicious or compromised. Error handling is present for timeouts and JSON parsing failures, but no checks are made on the external package's integrity. The code does not contain suspicious loops, hidden code, or code designed to exfiltrate data internally. The subprocess invocation could be exploited if the environment is compromised, but as written, it appears to be a straightforward external dependency call. No malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or backdoors is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a command-line tool to query a remote server for documentation, utilizing subprocess calls to an external package via 'npx'. There are no clear signs of malicious intent or malware within the code itself. However, reliance on external packages and subprocess execution could pose supply chain risks if the external package is compromised. The code appears safe in isolation, with no evident malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}