{
  "purpose": "A command-line tool that constructs a JSON query based on user inputs and invokes an external Node.js package (@upstash/context7-mcp) via npx to retrieve documentation information.",
  "sources": "User inputs for library, topic, and tokens; subprocess call to 'npx' executing '@upstash/context7-mcp'; JSON formatting and communication with external process.",
  "sinks": "The subprocess command passing user-controlled data to an external package; potential for command injection if inputs are manipulated, but mitigated by input validation.",
  "flows": "User inputs -> validation -> JSON query formation -> subprocess call to 'npx' with JSON input -> external package execution -> stdout/stderr capture -> JSON response parsing.",
  "anomalies": "Minimal input validation; reliance on external package via subprocess introduces supply chain risk; no obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs a standard subprocess invocation to run a Node.js package, passing validated user inputs as JSON. Input validation ensures 'library' is non-empty and 'tokens' is positive, reducing injection risk. The subprocess call is typical for executing external Node.js packages. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. Error handling for timeouts and JSON parsing is appropriate. The main security concern is the reliance on an external package, which could be compromised, but the code itself remains benign. Overall, the code is straightforward, with no malicious intent or obfuscation, and the security risk is low but present due to supply chain considerations.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a benign utility for querying documentation via an external Node.js package. It includes basic input validation and standard subprocess handling. No malicious activity or obfuscation is evident. The primary security concern is the external dependency, which is acknowledged but does not indicate malicious intent. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is 0.2, reflecting the supply chain risk. Overall, the code is safe for use with minimal security concerns beyond dependency trust.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}