{
  "purpose": "The script functions as a command-line interface for a JavaScript beautifier, allowing users to format JavaScript code with various options, or as a module for programmatic use.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from command-line arguments (file paths or stdin), environment variables (via sys.argv), and potentially from files specified by the user.",
  "sinks": "The code writes output to files or stdout, and may evaluate code with the 'eval_code' option (though not explicitly used here), and calls functions that process files and strings.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from command-line arguments or stdin to processing functions; data is then formatted and outputted to files or stdout.",
  "anomalies": "The 'eval_code' option suggests a potential risk if enabled, as it could evaluate arbitrary code. However, in this code, it is not used or invoked. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The code does not perform any network communication or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly functions as a CLI wrapper around a beautification library, handling file I/O, options parsing, and invoking the beautifier. It does not contain or execute any embedded or dynamically loaded malicious code. The presence of an 'eval_code' option is a potential security concern if enabled, but it is not utilized within this script. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident. The code adheres to standard practices for CLI tools, with no signs of sabotage or malware. It also imports only known standard and open-source libraries, with no obfuscated or suspicious code segments.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign CLI wrapper for a JavaScript beautifier library. It does not perform any malicious actions or exhibit suspicious behavior. The only minor concern is the presence of an 'eval_code' option, which is not used here. Overall, the script appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}