{
  "purpose": "The code provides decorators for creating request-method-specific functions in a web framework, particularly for handling HTTP methods and request validation.",
  "sources": "Reads input from function signatures, function decorators, and request objects.",
  "sinks": "Uses request.method and request object for control flow, dynamically executes code with 'exec' for building function facades.",
  "flows": "Signature analysis and request method validation flow to dynamically generated functions via 'exec'.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'exec' to generate functions dynamically; potential risk if input data is manipulated, but here it constructs functions based on trusted code.",
  "analysis": "The code imports inspection modules and defines utility functions for building request-specific decorators. The core feature is the 'requestmethod' decorator, which enforces HTTP method restrictions. It dynamically constructs new functions using 'exec' with code generated at runtime. This is a common pattern in web frameworks but can pose security risks if the code being executed is influenced by untrusted input. However, in this context, the 'buildfacade' function generates code based solely on known, static inputs, reducing risk. The code checks for the presence of 'REQUEST' in function signatures, and raises errors if absent. The 'postonly' decorator is a specific instance restricting functions to POST requests. No external input is used to influence code generation or behavior beyond standard request validation. The code appears to be well-structured and does not include obfuscated or suspicious behavior, nor does it perform any malicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code provides request method decorators with dynamic code generation via 'exec', which can be risky if misused. In this case, the implementation appears safe and standard for web frameworks, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. The code does not leak data, contain hardcoded secrets, or perform any suspicious network activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}