{
  "purpose": "The code performs recursive data migration between source and target databases, with optional truncation and column removal.",
  "sources": "Reads table schema, foreign tables, and data via SQLAlchemy's Table objects and raw SQL commands for truncation.",
  "sinks": "Executes truncation commands and data insertion into target tables; uses string interpolation for SQL commands.",
  "flows": "Constructs table names from schema and name, then uses these in raw SQL for truncation; reads data from source and inserts into target.",
  "anomalies": "Uses string interpolation for SQL commands without sanitization, accesses internal attributes (_columns), and performs destructive operations like TRUNCATE without validation.",
  "analysis": "The code facilitates data transfer with recursive handling of related tables. It constructs SQL commands dynamically with table names derived from potentially untrusted sources, creating a risk of SQL injection if table names are manipulated. The use of private attributes (_columns) for column removal is unconventional and may lead to instability but is not malicious. No signs of malware, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The primary concern is the lack of sanitization of table identifiers in raw SQL, which could be exploited in untrusted environments. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is evident. The obfuscated score is 0, with straightforward code. The security risk score is moderate (~0.3), reflecting the potential for SQL injection due to dynamic SQL construction without validation, but no active malicious behavior is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data migration utility with some risky practices related to dynamic SQL and internal attribute access. There is no evidence of malware or obfuscation. The main security concern is the potential for SQL injection if table names are untrusted, which is reflected in the moderate risk score (~0.3). Proper sanitization of table identifiers would mitigate this risk. The overall scores assigned in the reports are appropriate and consistent with the code's behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}