{
  "purpose": "The code appears to perform data dumping and migration between source and target databases, including optional column removal and data truncation.",
  "sources": "Reads data from source database tables via SQLAlchemy select statements; reads schema and table metadata; reads foreign table relationships.",
  "sinks": "Executes SQL commands like TRUNCATE and INSERT on target database; potentially executes dynamically generated SQL commands via text() function.",
  "flows": "Reads data from source database → potentially truncates target tables → removes columns from source table schema → inserts data into target database.",
  "anomalies": "Uses string interpolation for table names in SQL commands which could lead to SQL injection if table names are maliciously crafted. Accesses protected attributes (e.g., _columns) which is unconventional and potentially risky. No validation or sanitization of table/schema names is evident. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs database schema inspection and data copying, with options to truncate and remove columns. The dynamic SQL execution via text() includes table names directly, which could be dangerous if table names are untrusted. The use of private attributes (_columns) indicates potentially unstable or non-standard code. No obfuscated code or suspicious logic is detected; however, the potential for SQL injection exists if table names are manipulated. No malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors is apparent. The overall structure is straightforward but lacks sanitization for SQL commands involving dynamic identifiers.",
  "conclusion": "The script is primarily a data migration utility with some risky dynamic SQL construction that could be exploited if table names are maliciously crafted. It does not contain malicious code, but its approach to constructing SQL statements could be dangerous in untrusted contexts. No malware indicators or covert behaviors are detected. Risk is moderate due to dynamic SQL use; proper sanitization is recommended.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 1
}