{
  "purpose": "Setup script for the Python package 'k6ivc4rpwd8ef264', configuring package metadata and dependencies.",
  "sources": "Reads 'sodapy/version.py' for version info, 'README.md' for long description, and 'requirements.txt' for dependencies.",
  "sinks": "Executes contents of 'version.py' via exec(), which could run arbitrary code if the file is compromised.",
  "flows": "Reads 'version.py' -> executes via exec() -> sets up package with provided metadata.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on external file ('version.py') introduces security risk; variable 'BifSwUpMyZBPDLOEOvmCfSwbDpRkGGYy' used uninitialized, indicating a bug; obfuscated variable names reduce readability.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard setup script with typical pattern of reading files and calling setup(). The use of exec() to load version info is a known security concern, especially if 'version.py' is compromised. The variable 'BifSwUpMyZBPDLOEOvmCfSwbDpRkGGYy' appears uninitialized before use, which would cause a runtime error, indicating a bug rather than malicious intent. Obfuscated variable names are present but do not inherently indicate malicious behavior. No network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The malware score remains at 0, as no malicious payloads are detected. The obfuscation score is moderate (~0.5-0.6) due to variable naming. The security risk score is moderate (~0.3-0.4) because of the exec pattern, which could be exploited if 'version.py' is malicious. Overall, the code is typical for a setup script but with a pattern that warrants caution due to exec().",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard setup script with obfuscated variable names and the use of exec() to load version info. No evidence of malware or malicious behavior is present. The main security concern is the exec() pattern, which could be exploited if 'version.py' is compromised. The uninitialized variable indicates a bug but not malicious intent. The malware score remains at 0, obfuscation is moderate, and the overall security risk is moderate due to the exec() usage. It is recommended to replace exec() with a safer import or parsing method for version info.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}