{
  "purpose": "The code defines trigger classes for Apache Beam pipelines in Python, specifically for checking the status of Python and Java pipelines asynchronously within an Airflow environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from environment variables (e.g., GCP connection ID), input parameters (e.g., py_file, jar), and external services like Google Cloud Storage (via GCSHook.provide_file).",
  "sinks": "The code writes or interacts with external services, notably starting pipelines asynchronously via hook methods, and potentially accessing files from GCS. It also logs exceptions internally.",
  "flows": "Sources (parameters and GCS files) are used to invoke asynchronous pipeline start methods, which then provide status via TriggerEvent. GCS files are fetched asynchronously when provided as 'gs://' URLs, and the data is passed to external pipeline start functions.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs. Use of GCSHook for temporary file access is standard; no suspicious or malicious behavior detected. Exception handling is typical for such operations.",
  "analysis": "The code implements asynchronous triggers for starting and monitoring Apache Beam pipelines in Python and Java. It uses standard hooks for Google Cloud Storage access and for pipeline execution. No hardcoded secrets are visible; environment variables and parameters are used for configuration. Exception handling is present, but it logs errors without exposing sensitive data. All operations appear to be standard for this context, with no signs of malicious payloads or sabotage. The flow of data is straightforward: parameters are used to start pipelines, and status events are yielded accordingly. No obfuscated or suspicious code constructs are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of Airflow triggers for Apache Beam pipelines with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It safely manages external interactions and errors. The overall security risk is low, and no malware signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}