{
  "purpose": "This code dynamically generates repository classes and a database connector configuration based on provided variables and credentials, writing Python files for use in an ORM setup.",
  "sources": "The code reads input variables from function parameters and uses inspect.stack() to determine caller file paths.",
  "sinks": "Embedding user-provided credentials (user, password, host, port, dbname) directly into the connection string within the generated Connector.py file.",
  "flows": "User inputs flow into the create_engine() call, which constructs the database connection string embedded into the generated code files.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious code patterns are present; the code straightforwardly generates files based on inputs.",
  "analysis": "The script generates repository classes and a database connection setup by writing Python files. It uses inspect to determine paths and embeds user credentials directly into the connection string without validation. No obfuscation or malicious payloads are detected. The primary security concern is the insecure handling of credentials, which are stored in plaintext within generated files, posing a risk if those files are exposed. The code itself is standard and does not contain malicious behavior or obfuscation. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0) are appropriate. The security risk score varies from 0.3 to 0.7, reflecting concerns about credential exposure. Given the context, a risk score around 0.5 is justified, but the current scores are acceptable.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a boilerplate generator that does not contain malicious code or obfuscation. Its main security issue is embedding unvalidated user credentials directly into generated files, which could lead to credential leakage if files are mishandled or exposed. No malware or obfuscation is present. The scores in the reports are consistent with this assessment, with malware and obfuscated scores at 0 and moderate risk scores reflecting credential handling concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}