{
  "purpose": "This code appears to provide utility functions for pattern matching, text normalization, and coordinate validation, potentially for use in a larger application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from parameters passed to class methods, such as 'wildcard', 'QfuJFrKkzAmLKVeAMQbXRLfpzzoZfMoz', 'OcmsCdrjoivOsLRabvQYAoztzRvFwccD', and 'button_name'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly write or transmit data; however, it raises exceptions via 'ZtshhkTapRKYcEkzkeewbZEtfvRaNzeP' on invalid inputs, which could be leveraged for control flow disruption or error-based inference if misused.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from method parameters into pattern escaping, normalization, validation, and version checks; exceptions are raised if validation fails.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The import of a relative module is noted but not suspicious on its own. The code does replace Unicode characters with ASCII equivalents in text normalization. The import of 'sys' is normal. No obfuscation or malicious code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class with multiple class methods for pattern escaping, text normalization, coordinate validation, button name validation, and Python version checking. The pattern escaping method converts wildcards into regex patterns, which could be used for matching untrusted input but is itself benign. The normalization replaces specific Unicode characters with ASCII equivalents, possibly to standardize text inputs. Validation methods check coordinate types and button names, raising custom exceptions if invalid. There is no evidence of malicious intent or malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. The code relies on an external exception class, but this appears to be a normal part of error handling.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a benign utility class for pattern matching, text normalization, and validation. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code performs input validation and standardization without any suspicious or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}