{
  "purpose": "Defines a relativedelta class for manipulating datetime and date objects with relative and absolute components, including operators for arithmetic operations.",
  "sources": "Imports modules such as datetime, operator, math, six, warnings, and a local _common module; reads input from parameters passed to the class constructor, including date/datetime objects and various numerical attributes.",
  "sinks": "Uses date/datetime arithmetic and property access; no evident sinks that handle untrusted input or data leakage points; no network or file operations present.",
  "flows": "Input data from constructor parameters flows into internal attribute assignments; arithmetic operations in methods like __add__, __sub__, and _fix manipulate datetime and timedelta objects; no external data flow or network connections.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code appears standard for a date manipulation utility with comprehensive handling of relative and absolute date components. No obfuscation or unusual constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a relativedelta class designed for flexible date calculations, supporting relative and absolute date components, operators, and normalization. It imports standard libraries and a local _common module for weekdays. Constructor handles both date differences and relative settings. Arithmetic operators are implemented with appropriate type checks. Methods ensure overflow handling in time units and proper normalization. No signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. All operations are consistent with date/time arithmetic utilities. The overall structure and function align with legitimate date utility code, with no suspicious or malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard, legitimate implementation of a relativedelta utility for datetime manipulation. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. It performs date calculations safely within its scope.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}