{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom FuturesSession class that extends requests_futures and a local Session class, likely to facilitate asynchronous HTTP requests with custom session management and connection pooling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as 'executor', 'max_workers', 'session', and other args/kwargs during initialization. It also reads the DEFAULT_POOLSIZE constant and imports modules.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any data sinks such as network transmissions, file writes, or data exfiltration. It manages session and thread pool creation but does not send or process data itself.",
  "flows": "Input parameters like 'max_workers' influence connection pool size. The 'session' property setter enforces type constraints to prevent bypasses. No data flows to external systems or untrusted sinks are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The 'session' property getter always returns None, which is unusual and likely a bug or intentional placeholder. The setter restricts session assignment but does not store the value, which could cause logical issues.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages session and thread pool configuration for HTTP requests. It imports and uses third-party modules appropriately. The unusual 'session' property behavior is notable but does not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activity is present. The code seems focused on configuration rather than data processing. The use of standard library and third-party modules suggests typical usage rather than obfuscation or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a configuration utility for managing asynchronous HTTP sessions with custom connection pooling. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data leakage, or malware. The only notable anomaly is the 'session' property always returning None, which may be a bug rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}