{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for processing, visualizing, and saving neuroimaging and calcium imaging data, including loading results, plotting heatmaps, and creating movies from images.",
  "sources": "Reads include file loading operations (np.load, glob.glob, cv2.imread), user inputs for file paths, and data extraction from numpy arrays.",
  "sinks": "File writing with np.save, plt.savefig, and subprocess calls to ffmpeg for video encoding. Also, image reading via cv2.imread and data processing functions.",
  "flows": "Sources such as file and data loads lead to visualization, data processing, or media creation. For example, loading numpy arrays from disk and passing them to plotting functions or to subprocess ffmpeg commands.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behavior detected. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is present. File handling is straightforward. Use of subprocess to call ffmpeg is standard for video encoding. No malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises multiple utility functions for data loading, visualization, and media processing. It accesses data files and processes numerical data for plotting and visualization, saves images, and converts sequences into videos via ffmpeg. The subprocess calls use standard ffmpeg commands for video encoding, with no suspicious parameters. There are no obfuscated code constructs or suspicious code flows. File operations are typical for scientific data workflows. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior are present in the implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a set of legitimate data processing and visualization utilities for neuroimaging datasets. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious code sabotage. It functions as intended for scientific data analysis with standard methods.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}