{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for visualizing various parameters and geometries related to bearing analysis, including plots of load capacity, stiffness, pressure distribution, flow rates, and bearing shapes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input arguments such as 'bearing' objects and 'results' objects, which contain geometric parameters, solution results, and physical properties. These are used to generate plots based on their attributes.",
  "sinks": "Generated plots are output as Plotly figure objects; no untrusted data is directly written to external systems or files within this code. The code does not contain network communications or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'bearing' and 'results' objects flow into plotting functions, which process parameters like geometric dimensions, pressure, flow rates, and solution variables. These are used to produce visualizations without any data leaving the local environment.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code contains print statements for debugging (e.g., in 'plot_xz_shape'), which could be considered unusual in production but not malicious. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or unsafe operations are detected. All functions operate solely on passed data and generate figures.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured with plotting functions that utilize input 'bearing' and 'results' objects to generate various visualizations. It uses standard libraries (NumPy, Plotly, SciPy) and typical plotting patterns. The presence of print statements suggests debugging rather than malicious intent. No network calls, file operations, or hidden behaviors are present. The data flow is straightforward, from input objects to visual outputs, with no indication of malicious data processing or side effects.",
  "conclusion": "There is no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks within this code. It appears to be a standard visualization module for bearing analysis, with no suspicious or harmful code segments. The presence of debugging print statements is noted but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}