{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to generate various plots related to bearing analysis, including shape, load capacity, stiffness, pressure distribution, and flow rates, primarily for visualization of simulation results.",
  "sources": "Data sources include function parameters such as bearing objects and results objects, which contain numerical data used for plotting. The code reads attributes like bearing geometry, simulation results, and input parameters from these objects.",
  "sinks": "Plotly graph objects that display the data. No direct sinks involve untrusted external data processing or data exfiltration. No code injection or external command execution is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input objects (bearing, results) into plotting functions, where numerical attributes are used to generate visualizations. The flow is straightforward: data is read from objects and passed into Plotly functions for rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior detected. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden code segments. The code uses standard plotting libraries and patterns without obfuscation or malicious constructs. The only print statement is for debugging in 'plot_xz_shape', which is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code is predominantly a visualization suite that generates plots based on bearing and results data. It employs common Python practices with NumPy and Plotly, with no evidence of malicious behavior. The presence of a print statement for debugging purposes is typical and not suspicious. All data reads are from function parameters, and there are no external data fetches, system calls, or network operations. No hardcoded secrets or unusual code structures are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate visualization module for bearing analysis with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It securely handles data from input objects and creates visual representations accordingly. The code is well-structured, with no suspicious anomalies or malicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}