{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate various plots for bearing analysis, including load capacity, stiffness, pressure distribution, flow rates, and bearing shape visualizations, using Plotly and numerical data.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as bearing objects (bearing, results), their attributes (e.g., results.k, results.p, results.qs), and numpy arrays within these objects.",
  "sinks": "Generated plots, which are visual outputs; no direct data leakage or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. No external data is sent over the network or written to external files.",
  "flows": "Input data from bearing and results objects is processed through numerical computations and interpolations, then visualized via Plotly figures. There are no external input sources or untrusted data flows beyond function parameters.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets. The code contains a commented-out section for a shape plot, which is benign. No obfuscated language features or dynamic code execution are present. The print statement in plot_xz_shape is for debugging and does not perform malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on visualization of bearing parameters using static data and numerical interpolation. It uses standard libraries (numpy, plotly, scipy) without any suspicious imports or functions. No network activity, file I/O, or external communication is present. The only potential concern is the print statement used for debugging in plot_xz_shape, which does not pose a security threat but could leak internal data if left active in production. Overall, the code performs data visualization without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate visualization tool for bearing analysis, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The presence of a print statement is benign and likely for debugging purposes. No malicious signals or behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}