{
  "purpose": "Processing and manipulating Jupyter notebooks, including reading, writing, executing code cells, handling metadata, and converting notebooks to markdown or other formats. External R scripts are invoked for specific tasks, and regex parsing is used for cell content processing.",
  "sources": "Notebook JSON content, code cells, metadata attributes, external subprocess calls to Rscript, regex patterns for parsing cell fences and content.",
  "sinks": "External subprocess execution (Rscript), file I/O for saving outputs, regex-based content modifications, potential metadata modifications.",
  "flows": "Notebook content read -> regex parsing of cells -> subprocess calls to Rscript for execution -> content and metadata processing -> output generation and file writing.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation via variable names and regex patterns, dynamic code execution via subprocess, regex patterns for fence detection and content extraction, complex regex parsing, and variable naming that obscures intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is designed for advanced notebook processing, including executing R scripts and handling notebook cell content and metadata. Obfuscation through variable names and regex patterns complicates analysis but does not inherently indicate malicious intent. External subprocess calls are controlled and serve legitimate purposes in notebook workflows. No signs of malicious payloads, network activity, or backdoors are present. The complex regex and variable obfuscation are likely stylistic or for intellectual property protection rather than malicious concealment. The subprocess calls to Rscript are standard in data science workflows, assuming inputs are sanitized and controlled. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility with moderate obfuscation, and no active malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex but legitimate notebook processing utility, with obfuscation that appears stylistic rather than malicious. External subprocess calls are controlled and serve standard purposes. No evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious payloads is detected. The obfuscation and regex parsing increase complexity but do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}