{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes, interfaces, and functions for managing AWS FSx Windows file systems within a CDK construct, including creating folders and worker nodes, and managing configuration properties.",
  "sources": "Reads include module imports, type hints, function arguments (scope, id, props, worker, folder_name, secret_name, domain_name, domain_password, value), and class properties (e.g., directory_id, vpc, file_system_size, etc.).",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include jsii.invoke calls (which execute methods on JSII-managed objects), property setters (which may set configuration parameters), and return values from create_worker (which could involve resource creation).",
  "flows": "Input data flows from method arguments into jsii.invoke calls or property setters, potentially reaching resource creation or configuration. For example, create_folder() passes arguments to jsii.invoke; create_worker() invokes jsii to create a worker node; property setters update internal jsii-managed properties.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward and adheres to expected patterns for AWS CDK constructs. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated code, misleading variable names, or unusual constructs are evident. No dynamic code execution or suspicious network activity is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a CDK construct with associated properties and methods for managing AWS FSx Windows file systems and related resources. It uses standard typing, JSII calls for resource interaction, and property management. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are detected. The presence of well-structured interfaces and proxy classes suggests conventional SDK usage. The check_type functions are typical for runtime type safety but do not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code functions as a resource management layer without suspicious or malicious elements.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of an AWS CDK construct for managing FSx Windows resources, with no signs of malware or malicious intent. It does not contain hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The code is well-structured, adheres to expected patterns, and only interacts with AWS SDK components via jsii. Confidence is high that this is legitimate infrastructure-as-code, with no security concerns identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}