{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for writing data streams and single data blocks to various cloud storage services (Azure, Google Cloud, and local filesystem), including handling of multipart uploads and block management.",
  "sources": "Reads include environment variables for credentials via auth requests (azure_auth_req, google_auth_req), existence checks (await exists(path)), and random number generation (get_upload_id()).",
  "sinks": "Data is sent via HTTP requests to cloud storage APIs, including PUT and POST methods, with associated headers and authentication. Files are written to local files with open() and run_in_executor.",
  "flows": "Input streams are processed and chunked, then uploaded via HTTP requests or local file writes. For cloud storage, flows involve generating block IDs, managing upload sessions, and finalizing uploads. Authentication data flows through auth request functions, though not explicitly shown.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code or unusual language features. Use of random.randint for upload IDs is acceptable. No evident backdoors or privacy violations are observed. The code relies on external modules for credentials and request handling, which should be scrutinized separately for secrets.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard cloud upload mechanisms with multipart support for Azure and resumable uploads for Google Cloud. The functions perform normal checks for existing files and handle concurrent uploads through retries and blocklist management. No signs of malicious logic, backdoors, or data exfiltration are detected. The code does not perform any suspicious operations like system info theft, network scanning, or hidden command execution. Authentication appears to be handled via imported modules (azure_auth_req, google_auth_req), and no hardcoded secrets are present. Use of random for upload IDs is typical and does not raise suspicion. The code structure and flow follow expected cloud storage upload patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate cloud storage upload utilities without malicious intent. It handles multipart uploads, concurrency, and local filesystem writes responsibly. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are detected. All operations align with standard SDK or API usage patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}