{
  "purpose": "The code provides asynchronous functions for writing data and streams to various cloud storage services (Azure, Google Cloud) and local files, including support for multipart uploads and block management.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input streams, data arguments to write functions, and metadata via HTTP requests for blob management.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent via HTTP requests to cloud storage endpoints; local files are written directly to disk.",
  "flows": "Input streams or data arguments -> HTTP requests or file writes -> storage or disk; with block management for cloud uploads.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. Use of random for upload IDs is acceptable for generating unique identifiers. No obfuscated code features or unusual constructs. No data exfiltration, system manipulation, or covert channels observed.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly handles safe file and stream uploads to Azure and Google Cloud Storage, with standard use of HTTP requests, hashing, and concurrency control. No evidence of malicious payloads, such as system info exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden network communication. The use of 'random' for generating upload IDs is typical for avoiding collisions, and the cloud storage API interactions follow documented procedures. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious dynamic code execution present. The functions are designed for robust uploads, including handling concurrency and retries. Overall, the code appears to be standard, legitimate cloud upload utility functions with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of secure, well-structured cloud storage upload utilities with no detectable malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs standard file and stream uploads to cloud providers and local disk without any covert or harmful actions. No indicators of malware, malicious data exfiltration, or backdoors are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}