{
  "purpose": "The code provides asynchronous functions for writing data to various storage backends (Azure, Google Cloud, local filesystem) with support for streaming and unordered uploads. It also includes helper functions for managing Azure block blobs.",
  "sources": "Input data streams (stream parameters in write_stream, write_stream_unordered) and data to be written (data parameters in write_single functions). It reads existing blob/block states via HTTP requests, such as in prepare_block_blob_write.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to cloud storage APIs (Azure and Google), local filesystem writes, and network calls via the Request object. No untrusted data is directly written without sanitization, but the code interacts with external endpoints.",
  "flows": "Input streams are processed and sent via HTTP or file I/O; for example, in _azure_write_stream, chunks from streams are uploaded with associated MD5 checksums, and in prepare_block_blob_write, existing blob states are retrieved and potentially cleared.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or sensitive info are present. The use of random.randint for upload IDs appears safe, but it could theoretically be predictable if used maliciously, though unlikely. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected. The only possible concern is the unchecked assumption of stream chunk sizes for Google uploads, which could lead to errors but not malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code handles multiple storage backends asynchronously, with functions to prepare and clear Azure blobs, upload blocks, and finalize uploads. It employs standard HTTP interactions for cloud storage operations, with appropriate error handling and retries for Azure. There are no signs of data leaks, backdoors, or malicious network activity; the network interactions are typical for cloud storage SDKs. No secrets or hardcoded credentials are visible. The random ID generator is used for upload sessions and appears benign. The code structure and flow indicate standard, well-documented functionality without obfuscated or malicious code segments.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to implement legitimate storage upload functionality with no signs of malicious intent. It does not contain any hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The only minor concern is the reliance on randomness for upload IDs, which is typical and not inherently malicious. Overall, the code is standard for cloud storage operations, with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}