{
  "purpose": "The code provides asynchronous functions for writing data and streams to various storage paths (Azure, Google Cloud, local), including mechanisms for handling chunked uploads, block management, and resumable uploads.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from provided data parameters (bytes, bytearray, memoryview, or streams). It also reads metadata via HTTP requests when preparing blob write operations.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to cloud storage endpoints (Azure Blob Storage, Google Cloud Storage) for upload, block management, and finalization. Local file system writes using open() and file writes.",
  "flows": "Input data (bytes/streams) flow into upload functions. For cloud storage, data is sent via HTTP requests (PUT, POST). For local files, data is written directly to disk. Metadata reads occur during blob preparation.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears well-structured for cloud uploads with chunking and block management. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors. Use of random for upload IDs is standard. No obfuscated code features or malicious payloads detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles cloud storage uploads with proper chunking, block management, and resumable uploads. It uses HTTP requests with authentication modules. No suspicious or malicious network activity is embedded; all network interactions are standard for cloud SDKs. The only potential concern could be the use of random.randint for upload IDs, but this is typical for session or upload identifiers. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code's purpose aligns with legitimate storage upload functions. There are no indicators of malicious intent, privacy violations, or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of asynchronous storage upload mechanisms, with robust handling for cloud-specific requirements. It does not contain malicious behaviors, backdoors, or security risks. No evidence of malware or malicious intent is found.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}