{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for handling Google Sheets operations, including range conversions, credentials handling, color conversions, and data manipulation.",
  "sources": "Import statements for credentials, regex patterns for URL and range parsing, functions reading or transforming input strings, URLs, or credentials data.",
  "sinks": "Potential data output points include credential conversions, URL parsing, color and range conversions, and data structure manipulations. No evidence of data being sent over the network or system commands executed.",
  "flows": "Input data such as URLs, range names, color codes, credentials, and cell data flow through parsing, validation, and conversion functions without executing external commands or code injection.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code or misleading variables. No functions that perform network activity, file access, or command execution. The color conversion functions and range handling are standard. Credential conversion functions use static data structures. No backdoors or malicious logic identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of utility functions for processing Google Sheets data, credentials, and color codes. It includes regex patterns for parsing URLs and ranges, functions to convert between A1 notation and row/column indices, and color format conversions. All functions appear to perform standard data validation and transformation, with no signs of malicious behavior. The credential conversion functions are safe and rely on static data and provided credential objects. No code injection, remote code execution, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code does not interact with external systems beyond parsing and conversions, and no network activity or system commands are issued.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, benign utility module for Google Sheets interactions. There are no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks within the examined code. The overall security risk score is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}