{
  "purpose": "The code provides visualization and interpretability functions for decision trees, including plotting leaf sizes, class distributions, prediction paths, feature importance, and feature space tessellations. It reads data from model objects and user inputs to generate images, SVGs, and plots for analysis.",
  "sources": "Reads data from model objects (shadow_tree), user-provided instances (x), and training datasets (X_train, y_train). Generates files locally (images, SVGs) for visualization.",
  "sinks": "Creates image and SVG files saved locally, no network activity or external command execution.",
  "flows": "Data flows from model objects and user inputs to visualization functions, which generate and save images/SVGs. No external code execution or network communication occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscation, or malicious behaviors detected. Standard use of libraries and temp files. Potential filename handling if filenames are externally controlled, but not explicitly shown as unsafe.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive visualization utility for decision trees, relying on standard libraries and local file outputs. It does not perform any external command execution, network activity, or dynamic code injection. The code's purpose is solely for visualization and interpretation, with no signs of malicious payloads or obfuscation. The minor concern about filename inputs is typical in visualization tools and does not constitute malicious activity. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, low security risk) are consistent with the code's behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, benign visualization library for decision trees. It poses no malicious threat or sabotage. The low security risk scores are justified, and malware scores should remain at zero. The main security consideration is ensuring filename inputs are sanitized if user-controlled, but as provided, the code is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}