{
  "purpose": "Implement an asynchronous client for Server-Sent Events (SSE) using aiohttp, to connect, receive, and process real-time event streams from a specified URL.",
  "sources": "Reads URL input during initialization, reads HTTP response headers and content stream from aiohttp response, and reads optional configuration parameters (like method, headers).",
  "sinks": "No direct data sinks or outputs that process untrusted data beyond normal event dispatching; event data is passed to user-defined handlers, but no data exfiltration or harmful command execution occurs.",
  "flows": "Input URL and request options -> Establish HTTP connection -> Receive response headers and stream content -> Parse SSE fields -> Create MessageEvent objects -> Invoke event handlers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation. Use of standard libraries and no suspicious dynamic code execution. Reconnection logic implements exponential backoff, which is typical for network resilience. No indication of malicious data handling or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code implements an async SSE client using aiohttp, managing connection lifecycle, parsing SSE protocol data, and invoking user callbacks. The connection setup involves adding headers such as 'Accept', 'Last-Event-Id', and 'Cache-Control'—all standard for SSE. Reconnection logic uses exponential backoff, and error handling raises exceptions appropriately. Event data is encapsulated in MessageEvent objects and passed to callbacks; no suspicious data processing occurs. No hardcoded secrets, malicious payloads, or code injection mechanisms are present. The use of standard libraries and straightforward control flow suggest no obfuscation or malware. The only potential concern is the reconnection logic's exponential backoff, which is normal for network retries but could be exploited if misused; however, this is standard practice and not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of an SSE client using aiohttp, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It properly handles connections, parses event streams, and invokes user-defined handlers. No malicious or suspicious activities are evident. Overall, the package appears safe from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}