{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for resolving and analyzing type hints and function signatures, including handling partial functions and type annotations, primarily for use in dependency injection or dynamic type resolution.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function objects, their annotations, and optional namespace dictionaries. It also reads from environment variables implicitly through imported modules, but no explicit input sources like user input or network data are present.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly write to any output sinks, external systems, or files. It performs type resolution and warnings, but does not include code that could leak data or execute untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Type hints and function signatures are read from function objects and their annotations. These are processed through internal functions, with no external data flow leading to security-sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior. The code appears standard, with no obfuscated features, dynamic code execution, or hidden malicious logic. Usage of warnings and exception handling is typical for debugging and error reporting.",
  "analysis": "The code carefully handles type hint resolution with optional inclusion of extras, and it manages partial functions via unwrapping. It creates mock objects for isolated type hint resolution, includes handling for class method detection, and provides options to handle unresolved annotations with exceptions, warnings, or ignoring. There are no signs of malicious payloads or malicious behavior, such as network connections, file modifications, or hidden data exfiltration. The only notable feature is thorough handling of type annotations, which is benign. The code relies on standard libraries and pattern checks; no obfuscated or suspicious constructs are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility module for type hint resolution and signature analysis, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It appears to be well-structured, intended for internal use in larger frameworks, with no malicious or sabotage behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}