{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions and data structures for processing Indic scripts, including character ranges, classifications, and utility functions for script analysis.",
  "sources": "The data structures and functions read character data from input characters (e.g., `c`), and convert between character and offset representations.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable functions include `offset_to_char` and `get_offset`, which perform character transformations based on script ranges; they could be exploited if misused with untrusted input to generate malicious characters or code.",
  "flows": "Input characters are processed through `get_offset` to determine script-specific offsets, which are then used in classification functions; `offset_to_char` transforms offsets back to characters. No network or system calls are present, so data flow is limited to character processing within the script.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily commented and structured for script analysis; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. All functions seem to serve legitimate script processing purposes. The large amount of commented-out code could be a sign of incomplete development but not malicious intent. No obfuscation or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines static data for Indic script ranges and character classifications, with utility functions for character analysis and conversion. The functions perform simple, deterministic computations based on character code points and ranges. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as network communication, file manipulation, or data exfiltration. The functions are well-commented and appear to be designed solely for script analysis, with no hidden or suspicious logic. No external dependencies or dynamic code execution are used. The overall structure and content suggest this code is a benign, domain-specific utility module.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign utility for script analysis, with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It reads and processes character data related to Indic scripts and performs conversions and classifications securely and transparently.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}