{
  "purpose": "Implement a custom HTTP authentication handler using Negotiate/Kerberos/NTLM protocols for requests.",
  "sources": "Reads input from response.request.headers, response.request.body, response.headers, response.peercert, response.request.url, and response.headers.get('WWW-Authenticate').",
  "sinks": "Sets headers such as 'Authorization' and 'Cookie'; writes to response.request.headers; uses hashlib, base64, and socket functions; sends new requests via response.connection.send.",
  "flows": "Input data (response, request headers) -> process authentication steps -> set 'Authorization' headers -> send new HTTP requests -> handle server challenges and responses.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. Uses system and network info for Kerberos authentication. The code performs complex security negotiations, which could be misused if malicious code is inserted into the system's security context or if it interacts with untrusted servers, but nothing in the code itself indicates malicious intent or backdoors. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a custom authentication mechanism for HTTP requests, primarily focusing on Kerberos and NTLM authentication protocols using Windows security APIs. It interacts with system security packages, manages security buffers, and handles server challenge-response authentication sequences. The code does not contain any hardcoded credentials, nor does it perform unauthorized data exfiltration or system modifications. It manages authentication flows, challenges, and responses securely and according to standard protocols. The code's complexity stems from handling Windows security APIs and network interactions, not from obfuscation or malicious behavior. No signs of malware such as data theft, system damage, or covert channels are evident. The usage of security APIs is consistent with legitimate authentication needs. The only potential concern is if this code is used maliciously in a context where the authentication flows are misused, but there is no explicit malicious activity present in this code snippet.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of Windows-based HTTP Negotiate authentication handler, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles complex security protocols properly and does not exhibit signs of obfuscation or malware. Risks are limited to its standard function, which could be misused if placed in a malicious environment, but the code itself is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}