{
  "purpose": "Clipboard management classes utilizing system commands ('pbcopy', 'pbpaste') and 'pasteboard' library for cross-platform clipboard operations.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from method arguments; accesses system clipboard via subprocess calls or 'pasteboard' library.",
  "sinks": "Subprocess calls executing 'pbcopy'/'pbpaste' or 'pasteboard' library functions, potentially executing untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input data passed to copy methods flows into subprocess or 'pasteboard' functions; clipboard content retrieved via get methods, then returned or processed.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated class and method names in some classes; platform-specific code; subprocess calls with unvalidated data; no input sanitization observed.",
  "analysis": "The code provides platform-specific clipboard utilities with classes handling copy, paste, and clear operations. It uses subprocess for 'pbcopy'/'pbpaste' and the 'pasteboard' library as fallback. Obfuscation of class/method names in some classes raises suspicion but is not inherently malicious. Error handling is standard, and no malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. The subprocess calls with unvalidated data pose a security risk for command injection if malicious input is provided, but no active exploitation or malicious intent is present. The overall structure is straightforward, with no obfuscation beyond naming, and no suspicious network activity or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears primarily benign clipboard utility code with platform-specific implementations. Obfuscation is present but not malicious. The main security concern is the use of subprocess calls with untrusted data, which could lead to command injection if misused. No malware or backdoors are detected. The security risk score of 0.3 appropriately reflects this moderate concern. The obfuscation score of 0.7 in some classes is justified due to the naming obscurity. Overall, the code is low risk but warrants input validation if used in untrusted contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}