{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Prometheus metrics exporter for DMARC reports, managing server lifecycle, collecting various DMARC-related metrics, and exposing them via an HTTP endpoint.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration parameters such as listen address and port, and accesses metrics data stored in internal data structures like self._metrics and self._metrics.invalid_reports.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the server startup process, metric registration, and metric exposure functions. No external untrusted data sources or network exfiltration points are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from internal metrics storage (self._metrics) through metric collection functions (WTqbTFNSiVYwdfLsXXtKdSEevAPqIevV), into Prometheus metric objects, and finally exposed via the ASGI app managed by Uvicorn.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses heavily obfuscated class and variable names, imports from an external module 'dmarc_metrics_exporter' with obscure class names, and dynamic attribute access in FKXzHoLHSkgFFpoitVmCxAhKJdSSKgmb, which could be suspicious but is not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a DMARC metrics exporter, with server setup, metrics collection, and exposure. Obfuscated naming patterns are consistent throughout, which raises suspicion but does not confirm malicious intent. No evidence of network exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads is present. The obfuscation could be an attempt to conceal complexity or a security-through-obscurity measure. The external module imports with unclear class names warrant caution but are not definitive proof of malicious activity. The dynamic attribute access appears to be used for label generation, which is a common pattern in metrics collection. Overall, the code appears legitimate but heavily obfuscated, which warrants further scrutiny if possible.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate DMARC metrics exporter with high obfuscation. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The suspicion stems mainly from naming obfuscation rather than functional malicious activity. The malware score should be set to 0, the obfuscation score is justified at around 0.8, and the overall security risk is moderate (~0.35), reflecting caution due to obfuscation but no active threats.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.35,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}