{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Python client for interacting with Proxmox API services, handling requests, resource management, and backend configuration.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-provided parameters for URLs, resource identifiers, HTTP request data, and session request responses.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include HTTP request methods (`get`, `post`, `put`, `delete`), which send data over the network, and the URL assembly functions that could be manipulated with untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input from resource identifiers, URL parts, and request data flow into HTTP request methods, which execute network requests. URLs are constructed dynamically from user input, passing through `url_join` and resource call methods.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The code performs standard API request handling with structured exceptions. No backdoors or suspicious behaviors detected. Logging level set to WARNING, avoiding verbose or sensitive info leaks.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard API client implementation with dynamic URL building, request handling, and backend module loading. It validates service and backend support, raises exceptions on failures, and manages session tokens. There is no evidence of malicious data manipulation, secret exfiltration, or backdoors. Input sanitization is primarily handled through URL construction and request parameter filtering, with no evident vulnerabilities. The overall design is typical for a REST API client library, with no suspicious or malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard, well-structured API client for Proxmox services. No malicious or sabotage behavior is evident. It handles request execution, error handling, and resource management appropriately. No signs of malware or malicious data leakage found. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}