{
  "purpose": "The code provides a pretty-print function for a `SoupSieve` object, specifically to format its `SelectorList` structure for easier debugging and visualization.",
  "sources": "The function `pretty()` takes any object, converts it to string with `str(obj)`, and then processes the string based on regex token matches. It does not read external data sources, environment variables, or perform I/O.",
  "sinks": "The code performs string manipulations and regex matches; there are no sinks that lead to data leaks or system effects. No external data sinks or system commands are used.",
  "flows": "The flow is straightforward: convert object to string, match tokens sequentially, and build a formatted string with indentation. No external data flows or untrusted input processing beyond the object's string representation.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes complex regex patterns for parsing specific tokens, but these are purely pattern matches within the string representation of the object. There are no hidden or suspicious behaviors, no dynamic code execution, and no hardcoded secrets. The pattern matching appears to serve the purpose of formatting a known object structure.",
  "analysis": "The function processes the string form of the object, applying regex matches to identify and format different parts of the `SelectorList` output. The regex patterns are designed to match specific tokens like classes, parameters, strings, and structural characters. The indentation logic is based on the matching of opening and closing brackets, parentheses, and braces. The approach is consistent with formatting a nested, tree-like structure into a more readable form. There are no signs of malicious code, obfuscated logic, or external influence. The code is static and well-scoped for formatting output.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward pretty-print function for debugging purposes, with no malicious behavior, security risks, or suspicious activity detected. It strictly formats a known string pattern of a `SoupSieve` object. The regex and string manipulations are safe and consistent with the intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}