{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to format and pretty-print the string representation of a `SoupSieve` object, particularly its `SelectorList` and nested components, for easier debugging and inspection.",
  "sources": "The code reads the string output of the object via str(obj), which is assumed to be a complex nested structure representing CSS selectors.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks where untrusted data is used in a way that could cause security vulnerabilities. The code processes string patterns and formats output but does not execute or evaluate untrusted code.",
  "flows": "The code matches patterns in the string representation to add indentation and line breaks, primarily through regex matching and string concatenation. There are no external data flows or untrusted data injections beyond the initial string conversion.",
  "anomalies": "The code relies heavily on regex pattern matching and string manipulation, with no evidence of obfuscated code or malicious logic. The regex patterns are static and only used for formatting. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious data are present. The import of 're' is standard, and no dynamic code execution is observed.",
  "analysis": "The script imports standard regex modules and defines several regex patterns to identify parts of the string representation of a SelectorList object. The 'pretty' function converts the object to string, then iteratively matches regex tokens to insert newlines and indentation for readability. It adjusts indentation levels based on opening and closing brackets, parentheses, and braces, which are typical in nested data structures. The function does not execute or evaluate any code; it solely performs string pattern matching and formatting. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, data exfiltration, or unsafe operations. The code appears to be a straightforward formatting utility, with no security risks inherent in its logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a non-malicious utility for prettifying string representations of complex selector objects for debugging. It does not perform any malicious actions, nor does it contain obfuscated or harmful code segments. Its operations are limited to regex-based string formatting. Overall, it appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}