{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for formatting and processing Jinja templates, Python code snippets, and integration with the 'black' formatter, primarily aimed at code beautification and parsing.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include source_string parameters from formatting functions, the import of modules like 'black', and string inputs in class methods such as 'from_string'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve calls to 'black.format_str', 're.subn', and 'ast.parse', which process and transform source strings, and the import of 'black' which could be exploited if maliciously replaced or tampered with.",
  "flows": "Input strings from 'source_string' flow into preprocessing, replacements, and formatting functions, potentially passing through 'black.format_str' for code formatting, or through 'ast.parse' for syntax analysis. Module import of 'black' influences formatting behavior. No untrusted network or file operations are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. The only notable behavior is the optional import of 'black', which is standard for code formatting tools. The code contains extensive string manipulations and regex replacements, but nothing inherently malicious. The 'try-except' for 'import_module' is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code performs code formatting and parsing operations with 'black' and 'ast', including handling Jinja tags. It employs regex-based replacements to avoid reserved words and tilde operators, and carefully manages multiline code segments. The module import of 'black' is safe and standard; no network, file system, or data exfiltration activities are present. The functions are designed for formatting and code safety, not for malicious actions. No malicious flow or hidden behaviors are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility module for formatting Jinja templates and Python code snippets with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It safely manages optional dependencies and performs standard code transformations without any suspicious network or system activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}