{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for formatting Jinja templates and Python code, especially integrating black for code formatting, with additional handling for Jinja syntax.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from external modules, such as import_module; string inputs in format_string, _preprocess_string, and from_string methods; code snippets within JinjaTag and BlackWrapper; and the line data passed to format_line.",
  "sinks": "Formatted code output in format_string and _postprocess_string; string replacements in _replace_reserved_words and _replace_tildes; generated strings in JinjaTag methods; final formatted code returned to caller.",
  "flows": "Input source strings are preprocessed (e.g., in _preprocess_string), passed to black for formatting in format_string, then postprocessed to restore original syntax. Jinja tags are parsed and reformatted within format_line and _format_jinja_node, with potential formatting via black, then reconstructed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code or misleading variables are detected. The code is well-structured, with standard library usage, and no unusual dynamic code execution or suspicious network activity. The only potential concern is the import of external modules and dynamic formatting, but these are standard and safe in context.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly handles formatting of Python and Jinja code, with careful preprocessing to avoid syntax errors during formatting. The BlackWrapper safely attempts to import black and applies formatting if available, with fallback to original source. The string replacement methods avoid conflicts with reserved words and handle Jinja tilde operators. The JinjaTag class parses and reconstructs Jinja syntax, including handling multiline tags and removing trailing commas, which is specific to certain template syntax. No suspicious behavior, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoor code, is present. The logic appears to be focused solely on code formatting and parsing, with safeguards against invalid input. Overall, the code is benign and designed for formatting support without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs formatting and parsing of Python and Jinja code with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It uses standard libraries and safe practices, with no suspicious network or data leak activities. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}