{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for formatting Python code and Jinja templates, including safe handling of reserved words, tildes, and multiline tags, as well as integrating with the 'black' formatter if available.",
  "sources": "Reads from source strings when preprocessing Python/Jinja code (e.g., in _preprocess_string, _replace_reserved_words, _replace_tildes, from_string, format_line). No external untrusted data sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "Formats strings via 'black.format_str' and modifies source code strings directly; also manipulates string replacements, but does not execute or inject code.",
  "flows": "Preprocessing of source strings (source -> preprocessing functions), formatting via black (preprocessed string -> formatted string), postprocessing (formatted string -> final code), and string replacement procedures.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'import_module' to optionally import 'black' dynamically, but this is standard for optional dependencies. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code employs exception handling around imports and formatting calls, which is appropriate. No suspicious obfuscation, hidden code, or external network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The code carefully handles Python and Jinja code formatting with safety considerations, including fallback mechanisms when 'black' is unavailable or code is invalid. The string preprocessing functions avoid executing or evaluating code; they merely manipulate text. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior appears. The dynamic import of 'black' is a common pattern and not suspicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The code's main focus is on formatting and string manipulation, with no evidence of malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, security-conscious implementation of code formatting utilities for Python and Jinja templates, with proper error handling and no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It employs safe string manipulations and optional dependencies without executing external code or network activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}