{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility classes and functions for formatting Python and Jinja code, including integration with the black code formatter, handling of Jinja tags, and string preprocessing to avoid formatting issues.",
  "sources": "Reads input code strings in methods such as format_string, from_string, and _preprocess_string; reads environment variables indirectly via import_module; reads file content indirectly through string input; inspects AST for string node analysis.",
  "sinks": "Uses black.format_str to format code; manipulates string data for code formatting; replaces reserved words and tildes; modifies code strings for Jinja tags.",
  "flows": "Input source strings are preprocessed (e.g., reserved words, tildes) -> passed to black.format_str for formatting -> postprocessed to revert replacements -> used to update Jinja tags or line content.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs dynamic imports (import_module) which could be misused to load malicious modules. Replacement of reserved words and tildes is standard but could be manipulated if input strings are maliciously crafted. No hardcoded credentials or network activities are evident. No code appears obfuscated or malicious in its structure or logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a formatting utility designed to work with external formatting library 'black' and handle Jinja templating syntax. It performs string replacements and AST parsing for multiline detection. No suspicious network activity, file access, or malicious backdoors are present. The dynamic import of 'black' is handled safely, with fallback if not installed. String manipulations are related to formatting and do not indicate malicious intent. The only point of potential concern is the dynamic import, but it is used safely here for optional dependency management. Overall, no malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign formatting utility for Python and Jinja code, with safe handling of external dependencies and string processing. No signs of malicious intent or sabotage are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}