{
  "purpose": "This code provides core functionality for converting Unicode UTF-8 Bangla text into Bangtex format through regex-based tokenization and character mapping.",
  "sources": "Reads input text from files or stdin, processes Unicode characters via regex patterns and character mappings.",
  "sinks": "Outputs converted Bangtex text to files or stdout; no external data or network activity involved.",
  "flows": "Input Unicode characters are matched via regex patterns, mapped through character dictionaries, and assembled into Bangtex output strings.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code segments; regex patterns are complex but serve linguistic parsing purposes; no obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code employs intricate regex patterns to tokenize Unicode Bangla characters and map them to Bangtex equivalents. It handles various character ranges, special symbols, and complex token structures. No external network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The regex complexity is justified by linguistic parsing needs, not obfuscation. The code processes input text line-by-line, converting tokens based on character mappings, and outputs the result. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident. The regex functions are dynamically built but rely on straightforward pattern definitions. Overall, the code is a legitimate linguistic utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, complex regex-based Bangla to Bangtex transliteration utility. It contains no signs of malware, obfuscation, or malicious behavior. The security risk is minimal, and the malware score is justified as 0. The regex complexity is for linguistic parsing, not malicious obfuscation. The overall security assessment indicates a benign component suitable for supply chain inclusion.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}