{
  "purpose": "This class provides methods for encrypting and decrypting tokens using multiple levels of character substitution and string reversal, likely for obfuscation or simple encoding purposes.",
  "sources": "Input tokens to 'encrypt' and 'decrypt' methods, specifically the 'token' parameter in 'encrypt' and 'encrypted_token' parameter in 'decrypt'.",
  "sinks": "The transformed token output by 'encrypt', and the final token returned by 'decrypt'. No external data outputs or network communications are present.",
  "flows": "Input token -> substitution tables (based on levels) -> string reversal -> output encrypted token. For decryption, encrypted token -> reverse string -> substitution table (reverse mapping) -> original token.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be purely for character substitution and reversals, with no suspicious or hidden behavior. No hardcoded credentials, network calls, or file operations. The structure is straightforward, and the methods are self-contained. No obfuscation or hidden code detected.",
  "analysis": "The class implements a multi-level character substitution cipher combined with string reversal to obscure tokens. Each level uses a predefined mapping to replace characters, then reverses the string, and repeats for the specified number of levels. Decrypt reverses the process: reverses the string, then applies the inverse mapping to retrieve the original token. The mappings are extensive and include both alphabetic and numeric characters, as well as special symbols. The code is transparent, with no evidence of malicious behavior, data leaks, or system interference. It appears to be a benign obfuscation utility. The absence of network operations, file access, or code injection mechanisms suggests a low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward multi-level character substitution and reversal cipher, intended for token obfuscation. There are no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. It is benign, with no suspicious external interactions. The design is simple and transparent, serving a purpose of token encoding or obfuscation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}