{
  "purpose": "The code initializes configurations and resources for an AWS Lambda-based application, including environment variable management, AWS resource lookups, and logging setup.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (e.g., LOG_LEVEL, AWS_REGION, OB_MODE), boto3 session for AWS infrastructure descriptions.",
  "sinks": "Logging outputs, AWS resource identifiers (e.g., CloudFormation outputs), environment variables.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and environment configurations are loaded and used to set resource names; AWS SDK calls retrieve infrastructure details; logs record warnings and errors.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns. The code loads environment variables, uses boto3 for infrastructure discovery, and logs warnings. No obfuscated or unusual code segments are present. There are commented-out sections and debugging prints, but these are not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up configuration for an AWS Lambda application, including environment variable loading, AWS SDK interactions, and logging. The code retrieves AWS region info, describes CloudFormation stacks to dynamically get resource names, and manages environment-driven configuration. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communication to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The use of environment variables and AWS SDK is standard for cloud infrastructure management. Commented-out code and debug prints are typical during development and do not indicate malicious intent. No suspicious or malicious patterns are detected in the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate configuration and infrastructure management script for an AWS Lambda environment. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior, and no security risks are evident. It is standard in design and intent, focusing on configuration management without any suspicious or harmful functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}