{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to encrypt and decrypt Python source files using a custom TokenCryptor, adding obfuscation and security features for code protection.",
  "sources": "Reads input files specified by command-line arguments, particularly the file contents, and the embedded encrypted code within the file during decryption.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'exec' to run decrypted code dynamically, which could execute arbitrary code if the encrypted content is manipulated or maliciously replaced.",
  "flows": "Reads file content -> encrypts or decrypts content -> writes to output file. During decryption, the decrypted code is executed via 'exec', creating a source-to-sink flow from decrypted data to code execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code encrypts parts of the source code and appends large comments with swastika symbols, which could be used to hide malicious code or instructions. The use of 'exec' on decrypted code is inherently risky, especially if the encrypted content is compromised. The embedded code structure suggests obfuscation intent, and the large comment blocks with repeated symbols could be suspicious if used maliciously.",
  "analysis": "The script's primary function is to obfuscate and deobfuscate Python code via encryption and decryption. It relies on an external 'TokenCryptor' class, which is not provided but appears to handle encryption/decryption of code snippets. During encryption, it preserves import statements and encrypts other lines, appending a large amount of comment-based obfuscation with swastikas. During decryption, it extracts the encrypted code and executes it dynamically. The use of 'exec' on decrypted code is a significant security concern, as it can execute malicious payloads if the encrypted content is malicious or altered. The comments with swastikas do not serve a clear technical purpose and could be used to conceal malicious code or confuse analysis. There is no evident hardcoded credential or data leakage, but the pattern of encrypting and executing code dynamically is inherently risky and can be exploited if the process is compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for obfuscating Python source files with encryption and dynamic execution. The use of 'exec' on decrypted code introduces a significant security risk, especially if the encrypted content is manipulated. The large comment blocks and the handling of encrypted code suggest possible concealment tactics, but no explicit malicious behavior like network communication or file manipulation is observed. Overall, the code's structure and intent pose security concerns primarily due to dynamic execution of decrypted data.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.7,
  "report_number": 4
}