{
  "purpose": "The code provides a command-line tool to encrypt or decrypt Python scripts using a custom TokenCryptor, adding obfuscation via comments and encrypted content.",
  "sources": "Input file read via open(input_path, 'r', encoding='utf-8')",
  "sinks": "Execution of decrypted code via exec(decrypted_string, globals())",
  "flows": "Input file -> decrypt_code or encrypt_code -> output file; Encrypted code execution flow through exec in run_decrypted_code()",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() to run decrypted code; addition of large swastika comments; potential obfuscation; storing encrypted code as a string variable; no validation of decrypted content; hardcoded comment symbols",
  "analysis": "The script reads input files, encrypts or decrypts code, and writes output files. During encryption, it encrypts lines not starting with 'import' or 'from' and embeds the encrypted code within a string variable. It also appends large swastika comments after each line for obfuscation. During decryption, it decrypts the content, removes comments, and outputs plaintext code. The critical security concern is the use of exec() to run decrypted code dynamically, which could allow malicious payload execution if the encrypted content is malicious. The addition of comments and encrypted strings suggests an attempt at obfuscation, but no validation or sanitization of decrypted content is performed. The use of large comments is a distraction but does not pose a direct security threat. Overall, the code’s primary concern is the execution of decrypted code via exec(), which is inherently risky if the input is compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The script facilitates encryption/decryption of Python code with obfuscation but includes a significant security risk due to the use of exec() to run decrypted code. If the encrypted content is malicious, it could execute harmful code on the host system. No input validation or sandboxing is implemented, making it potentially dangerous if misused or compromised. The obfuscation techniques seem aimed at hiding the code’s intent but do not inherently introduce malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 5
}