{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to encrypt and decrypt Python source files using the TokenCryptor class from the notoken887.encryptor module. It processes files to either obfuscate code with encryption and added comments or decrypt previously encrypted content.",
  "sources": "File input read via open() with 'r' mode, data processed in memory, and output written via open() with 'w' mode. Also, the code reads and writes string content, and the 'TokenCryptor' class methods are invoked during encryption and decryption.",
  "sinks": "exec() function executes decrypted code dynamically, which can execute malicious code if the decrypted content is malicious. Also, the 'TokenCryptor' encrypt and decrypt methods are invoked, which could be manipulated if the class implementation is compromised.",
  "flows": "Input file data is read into memory, processed via encrypt_code() or decrypt_code(), then output is written to a file. The decrypted code is executed directly with exec() during runtime after decryption, representing a source-to-sink flow.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on decrypted code, which is inherently risky. Large addition of comments with swastika characters after each line in encryption mode may be unusual but seems intended for obfuscation. The code imports an external module 'notoken887.encryptor', which is not standard and warrants further inspection. No hardcoded credentials are present. The code encrypts and decrypts entire code blocks, and the decryption process involves removing comments, which might hide malicious code. No suspicious network activity or system modifications are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script reads Python source files and encrypts their contents, replacing executable parts with encrypted strings. It embeds the decryption and execution logic into a dynamically generated script. The decryption function removes comments, potentially hiding malicious code within the decrypted content. The use of exec() to run decrypted code is inherently dangerous if the decrypted content is malicious or tampered with. The large amount of comment lines with swastikas appears to serve as obfuscation or noise. The reliance on an external module 'notoken887.encryptor' introduces a dependency that, if malicious or compromised, could provide backdoor capabilities. No evidence of network communication, data exfiltration, or credential theft is present. The code does not perform any suspicious or malicious system modifications itself, but the ability to decrypt and execute arbitrary code dynamically is risky.",
  "conclusion": "The code's core function involves encrypting and decrypting Python scripts with dynamic execution of decrypted code. The use of exec() on decrypted content is a significant security risk, especially if the decrypted content is malicious or tampered with. The added comments and reliance on an external encryptor module are potential obfuscation strategies. Overall, the script has high potential for malicious misuse due to its design to execute decrypted code at runtime, although there is no explicit malicious payload present in this snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.4,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 2
}