{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility function wrappers and function composition tools for functional programming patterns in Python, such as currying, debouncing, throttling, and function transformations.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function arguments within various wrapper classes and functions. No external or untrusted input sources are explicitly used within this code.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include function calls within wrapper classes (__call__ methods) where user-provided arguments are passed to other functions. No direct network, file, or sensitive data output operations are present.",
  "flows": "User invokes wrapper functions (e.g., debounce, curry, rearg), which store references to target functions and parameters. When the wrapper is called, it forwards arguments to the wrapped function, potentially after transformations or restrictions. No external data or system commands are executed within these flows.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded secrets, credentials, or malicious backdoors are evident. The code mainly wraps functions and manages internal state. The only dynamic aspect is the use of pyd.now() for time-based throttling and debouncing, which is benign. No obfuscation or suspicious code structures are present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple classes and functions that implement common functional programming patterns like currying, partial application, function composition, and timing-based controls (debounce, throttle). It uses internal state management to restrict or modify function invocation behavior. The use of pydash for time and collection utilities appears safe. No code performs network communication, file access, or privilege escalation. No malicious behavior or sabotage code is detected. The structure and patterns are consistent with a utility library, with no indications of malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of function wrappers for functional programming patterns with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It safely encapsulates function transformations and timing controls without external harmful effects. Overall, the code appears secure and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}