{
  "purpose": "The code provides various utility function wrappers for functional programming patterns such as currying, debouncing, throttling, function composition, argument reordering, and conditional execution.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data mainly from function arguments, configuration parameters, and internally generated timestamps via pydash's pyd.now(). It also imports external libraries but does not read external data sources.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calling user-provided functions with arguments, executing delayed or throttled functions, and passing arguments to arbitrary functions. No direct data leaks or unsafe SQL are present. No network activity or file operations are directly evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments or internal state (e.g., timestamps) through function wrappers to user-defined functions or predicates. For example, 'debounce', 'throttle', 'once' manage timing and state before invoking the target functions. Argument transformations in 'over_args' or argument reordering in 'rearg' modify data flow before passing to the target functions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. No obfuscated code, misleading variable names, or dynamic code execution patterns are present. No signs of malicious backdoors, network activity, or system damage. The code uses standard Python features and well-structured design patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of well-defined wrapper classes and factory functions that implement common functional programming constructs. It handles state and timing internally for functions like debounce and throttle, utilizing pydash's timing functions. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections, or system sabotage. Usage of third-party libraries is typical for such utility code. No anomalies like hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or dynamic code execution are observed. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility library for function control and composition, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of functional programming utility wrappers with no evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior. It safely manages function execution control, argument manipulation, and composition without any suspicious or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}