{
  "purpose": "The source code provides a collection of utility classes and functions for function wrapping, composition, argument manipulation, timing controls (debounce, throttle, delay), negation, partial application, reordering, and other functional programming patterns. It is designed to facilitate advanced function handling in Python.",
  "sources": "Arguments passed to the wrapper functions, internal timing functions from pydash (e.g., pydash.now()), and user-provided callables.",
  "sinks": "Calls to user-defined functions with controlled arguments; no external data access, network communication, or file operations are involved.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments through internal wrappers and transformations, ultimately invoking user functions; no external data leaks or network flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious payloads detected. Use of sleep in delay is standard for utility functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured set of utility classes and functions implementing common functional programming constructs. It relies on standard Python features and the pydash library for timing utilities. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or system modifications are present. The functions operate solely on user inputs and internal state. No obfuscation or malicious patterns are evident. The timing functions could theoretically be misused to cause delays, but this is a typical pattern in utility libraries. Overall, the code is benign, transparent, and intended for functional composition and argument handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign utility library for function manipulation with no malicious intent or security issues. The malware score remains at 0, obfuscation at 0, and the overall security risk is very low (~0.1), primarily due to the presence of timing utilities which are common in such libraries. The assessments in the reports are consistent with the code's behavior and structure.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}