{
  "purpose": "This code provides various function decorators and wrappers to modify or compose other functions, such as currying, debouncing, throttling, and argument reordering.",
  "sources": "Input data can come from external function arguments when the wrapped functions are invoked.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or malicious behavior could occur if the functions interact with untrusted data sources or network operations (none present here), or if they execute malicious code passed as function arguments.",
  "flows": "The typical flow involves external inputs being passed to the wrapped functions, which then invoke the underlying functions possibly after transformation, delay, or composition.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hard-coded secrets, or backdoors are present. Usage of time.sleep in 'delay' could be misused to introduce delays, but it's a standard utility. No dynamic code execution or suspicious network activity is detected. No obfuscated code or misleading variables observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a set of higher-order function utilities, including currying, function composition, delaying execution, debouncing, throttling, argument reordering, negation, and function binding. These are implemented using standard Python features and patterns, with no indication of malicious intent. The code does not perform network operations, file manipulations, or data exfiltration. Usage of type hints and structured classes appears consistent with legitimate utility implementations. The presence of sleep in 'delay' is benign but could be misused if used maliciously, yet in this context, it is a utility function. No external inputs are processed directly; all data comes from function arguments. No hardcoded secrets or dynamic code execution are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains legitimate utility functions for function manipulation and composition, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be well-structured, standard utility code for functional programming patterns in Python.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}