{
  "purpose": "Defines internal classes, constants, and utility functions for MSSQL/TDS protocol communication and database interaction.",
  "sources": "Imports modules (datetime, socket, struct, pytds, etc.), class constructors, functions reading input parameters or connection data, configuration flags, and protocol constants.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe data flow occurs if untrusted input is processed or sent over network (e.g., in create_packet, handle_next, sendall). No explicit network calls or data transmissions are shown in this fragment, but functions like sendall and recv imply network operations.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and environment configuration flow into class attributes and functions like tds7_crypt_pass, which process credentials; the connection and session setup flow through classes like _TdsLogin and message handling functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials detected. The only cryptographic operation is password mangling in tds7_crypt_pass, which appears to follow protocol-specific obfuscation rather than malicious encryption. No suspicious network domains or backdoors are visible. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. Use of private protocol constants and detailed exception classes indicates standard protocol implementation. No indicators of data leakage or sabotage are present.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly comprises protocol constants, data structures, utility functions, and class definitions for MSSQL TDS communication. No suspicious external inputs are read directly (beyond standard configuration), and no network transmissions or file manipulations are evident within this fragment. The password mangling function follows known TDS password hashing schemes, not malicious obfuscation. Exception handling and error classes are standard and do not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or malicious behaviors are identified. Overall, the code appears to be a protocol and utility implementation for database communication, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of MSSQL/TDS protocol support classes, constants, and utilities. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, data leaks, or sabotage indicators. Its purpose is to facilitate secure communication with MSSQL servers, and it does not perform any harmful or unauthorized actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}