{
  "purpose": "The code provides internal utility functions, constants, classes, and protocols for a Python module interfacing with SQL Server via TDS protocol, including handling connections, data types, errors, and security settings.",
  "sources": "Data is read from network streams (stm.recv, stm.read_fast), environment variables, and input parameters such as passwords and connection details.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network transmission of data (sendall), decoding of data streams, and exception raising with error messages.",
  "flows": "Data flows from network streams into functions like read_chunks and readall, and from input parameters into object attributes and exception messages. Error handling flows from data validation to exception raising.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or suspicious dynamic code execution are detected. The password mangling function (tds7_crypt_pass) appears to be a legitimate encoding method for TDS protocol, not malicious. The code uses standard exception handling and input validation.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of definitions for protocol constants, data structures, error classes, and utility functions for stream reading and data encoding. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as sending data externally, executing code injection, or backdoors. The password mangling function is consistent with protocol specifications. Error classes and data handling follow safe patterns. The code does not include any suspicious network activity, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated logic. It is well-structured for a database driver module, with clear separation of concerns and no indications of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard, well-structured part of a database driver library for MSSQL over TDS protocol. No malicious or sabotage-related elements are detected. It functions to facilitate secure communication with a SQL Server instance, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}