{
  "purpose": "This module provides factory classes and functions to generate various types of state machines with different features such as hierarchical, graph support, locking, and asynchronous processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the imported modules (functools, itertools, six, and local package modules), and conditionally imports asynchronous classes depending on import success.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct data sinks or output that process untrusted data; it mainly defines classes and static methods.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves class definitions and a static mapping (_CLASS_MAP) that associates feature tuples to classes; no untrusted data flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes conditional import handling for asynchronous classes, providing mock classes for unsupported Python versions, which is standard. No suspicious code or unusual patterns are observed. The format_references method generates strings from functions, which appears benign and intended for debugging or display.",
  "analysis": "The module is primarily a class and factory setup for state machine variants. It imports standard libraries and local modules; the conditional import for asyncio components is typical for compatibility. The class definitions implement thread safety and support for nested and graph features. The _CLASS_MAP dictionary maps feature combinations to class implementations, which is standard. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are present. No code injection, data leakage, or system manipulations are evident. The code is structured and appears to be a library intended for building state machines with various features, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard factory setup for different state machine classes, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is designed for compatibility and feature flexibility. Overall, it appears safe and free of malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}