{
  "purpose": "This module provides factory classes and functions for creating and managing different types of state machines with various features such as threading, hierarchy, graph support, and asynchronous capabilities.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules, class attributes, method parameters, and potentially external libraries like 'six'. It does not read untrusted user input directly.",
  "sinks": "The code formats references and manages class creation based on feature flags, but does not perform operations that directly lead to data leaks or code execution. No sinks indicate potential vulnerabilities.",
  "flows": "The code flows from static method calls (get_predefined) to class selection from _CLASS_MAP, based on feature arguments. No untrusted data flows to sensitive operations or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, such as obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or dynamic code execution, are present. The class definitions and methods follow standard design patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code imports several modules and defines a factory class for retrieving machine classes based on feature flags. It handles optional imports for asyncio support with fallback mock classes, which is standard practice for backward compatibility. The class methods primarily perform class selection and formatting of method references. The _CLASS_MAP maps feature combinations to specific classes, ensuring controlled class instantiation. No dynamic code execution, user input processing, or network operations are present. The code appears to be well-structured with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward factory for creating machine classes with various features. It does not contain malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or security risks. It is well-structured, with proper handling of optional dependencies. Overall, the code appears safe and clean.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 3
}