{
  "purpose": "This module provides factory classes and functions for creating various types of state machines with different features such as threading safety, hierarchical states, graph support, and asynchronous processing.",
  "sources": "Import statements, especially the import of third-party extensions and dynamic class definitions based on import success or failure.",
  "sinks": "No explicit untrusted input handling or data sinks; mostly class definitions and static methods. No network or file I/O observed.",
  "flows": "No evident data flow from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks. Dynamic class selection via a dictionary based on feature flags, but no data manipulation with external input.",
  "anomalies": "Conditional import handling with fallback class definitions for older Python versions is normal; no signs of obfuscation or malicious obfuscation patterns. Use of eval-like dynamic class retrieval from a predefined map is standard for factory patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code defines various machine classes and factory methods for creating state machines with different features. It attempts to import optional asyncio extensions and provides fallback mock classes if import fails, which is standard for compatibility. The class map facilitates feature-based class selection, which is common in plugin or extension frameworks. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network activity, code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code is mainly focused on class definitions, inheritance, and static methods. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate factory pattern implementation for a state machine library, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard factory implementation for state machine classes with support for various features. No malicious behavior, supply chain attack vectors, or suspicious activity detected. It appears safe and intended for legitimate use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}