{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Python class for connecting to Salesforce, retrieving data, and exporting it to various file formats, primarily used in an Airflow data pipeline context.",
  "sources": "Reading connection configuration from Airflow connection extras, accessing Salesforce via the simple_salesforce library, reading query input parameters, and reading object schema information.",
  "sinks": "Executing Salesforce queries, returning query results, and writing data to files in CSV, JSON, or NDJSON formats.",
  "flows": "Inputs from Airflow connection and parameters → Salesforce API calls → Data retrieval and processing → Data export to file formats.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets; the code uses standard libraries and APIs. No obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or unusual runtime behaviors observed. The only potential concern is the usage of `session_id` and connection extras, but these are typical for such integrations. There is logging of data fetch operations, but no data leakage or insecure handling evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical Salesforce API integration class designed for use within Apache Airflow. It handles connection setup, querying, schema description, timestamp conversion, and data export. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present; credentials are expected to be provided via Airflow connections. The code does not include network connections outside of standard Salesforce API calls, and it does not contain any obfuscated or malicious code. It appropriately manages data transformations and outputs. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, data exfiltration, or suspicious network activity. The only potential risks could be if user-supplied inputs like query strings are maliciously crafted, but this is standard for any database API interaction and not specific to malicious intent. Overall, this appears to be a well-structured, legitimate data integration script with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Salesforce data access utility used within an airflow environment, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It handles data securely with no hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or backdoors. Its security risk level is low, and malware likelihood is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}