{
  "purpose": "The code performs DNS TXT record queries for _mta-sts.domain, validates syntax, retrieves and parses the MTA-STS policy over HTTPS, and checks for compliance with expected standards. It ensures correct placement and syntax of records, handles errors, and provides warnings for potential issues.",
  "sources": "DNS TXT record responses for _mta-sts.domain and domain; HTTP response from well-known URL for policy download; input strings for parsing and validation.",
  "sinks": "None; the code does not write untrusted data to external systems or perform insecure operations. It only reads DNS records and fetches policies over HTTPS.",
  "flows": "DNS query results flow into validation and parsing functions; parsed data and warnings are accumulated; policy fetched over HTTPS and parsed; errors and warnings propagate through exception handling.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code behaviors are detected. The code is straightforward, with standard library usage, proper error handling, and no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard DNS TXT record querying for _mta-sts subdomains, validates syntax with regex and grammar, handles multiple or misplaced records, and fetches policies over HTTPS from a well-known URL. It parses policies, checking for required fields and correctness, raising specific exceptions for syntax errors or record issues. No obfuscation, malicious network activity, or hardcoded secrets are present. The logic is consistent, with proper error handling and warnings. External dependencies are standard and well-understood. The malware score is 0, as no malicious intent or payloads are present. The obfuscated score is 0, given the code's clarity. The security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), reflecting the benign validation operations and network interactions, which are standard for such security checks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured implementation of MTA-STS validation routines. It performs DNS queries, syntax validation, policy download, and parsing without any signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or sabotage. The assigned scores (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1-0.2) are justified and consistent with its purpose and behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}