{
  "purpose": "The code implements validation, querying, parsing, and downloading functions for MTA-STS DNS records and policies, aimed at email security validation and enforcement.",
  "sources": "DNS queries for TXT records, HTTP requests to download policies, parsing of DNS TXT record strings and policy files, and user-agent headers for HTTP requests.",
  "sinks": "HTTP responses handling, DNS responses, and parsing of DNS record data; no direct sinks that send untrusted data elsewhere or perform harmful actions.",
  "flows": "DNS TXT records are queried (source), filtered and parsed; policy is downloaded via HTTP (source), and content is parsed and validated (sink). No untrusted data flows into system commands or external effects.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code structures, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets. External dependencies are standard libraries and well-known modules; no suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. Exception classes are clearly defined for expected DNS and policy errors.",
  "analysis": "The script performs standard DNS querying for MTA-STS records, including validation for multiple or misplaced records, and parses TXT records for policy details. It also downloads policies over HTTPS and checks content types. All operations are related to DNS and HTTP interactions typical for email security validation. No code indicates malicious intent such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized system access. The structure and logic follow expected patterns for such validation tasks, with proper error handling. No signs of obfuscation, malware, or suspicious behavior are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of MTA-STS validation processes. It performs DNS lookups, policy retrieval, and parsing without engaging in malicious activities or security risks. All operations are consistent with standard security validation workflows.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}