{
  "purpose": "This code provides transformation utilities for processing and visualizing metrics and run data in a client-side JavaScript context, particularly for experiment tracking and analysis.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include 'metrics' parameter in 'transform_widget_metric_data', 'runs' parameter in 'transform_widget_run_data', and various properties extracted from 'run' objects and their associated DTOs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include data being formatted into dictionaries and lists, which are used for visualization, but no direct output to network or file system is present. No evidence of unsafe data handling, command execution, or external connections.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (metrics, runs, run properties) through transformation functions, involving parsing, data aggregation, and calculation (such as duration). No untrusted data is passed to system commands or external services; transformations are internal.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code patterns are present. Usage of standard libraries like math, datetime, dateutil, and collections is typical. No suspicious or unusual code constructs are observed. The code appears to be standard data transformation logic with no malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs data validation, formatting, and calculations for metrics and run information. It includes functions to transform metric data into JS-compatible format, handle scalar metrics, compute durations, and generate objective info. No network activity, file access, or command execution is visible. No signs of obfuscation, hidden backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected. The code’s purpose aligns with normal data processing for visualization. All data handling appears safe and standard.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate data transformation utility with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It processes and formats metrics and run data for visualization purposes. No suspicious activities, malicious code, or security threats are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}