{
  "purpose": "Custom unittest TestResult and TestRunner classes designed to send test execution reports and statuses to Teamcity CI server, including handling subtests, skipped tests, failures, errors, and output streaming.",
  "sources": "Imports external modules (sys, datetime, re, teamcity packages, diff_tools); reads test objects, error objects, environment variables (implicitly via sys and imported modules); accesses test attributes and error attributes.",
  "sinks": "Outputs test results, logs, and messages via teamcity.messages methods, which send data over stdout to the CI system. Does not appear to send untrusted data externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from test and error objects (sources) to message functions that transmit formatted test results and logs to stdout (sink). No external network communication or file operations are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The code mostly formats and transmits test results. The presence of try-except blocks that silently pass could hide issues but are common in test reporting.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom TestResult and TestRunner tailored for integration with Teamcity CI, including detailed handling of test statuses, subtests, and output streaming. It uses external modules for message formatting. No indications of malicious code, data exfiltration, or sabotage are observed. The code interacts solely with local environment and stdout for reporting. Exception handling is used but appears to be for robustness rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate testing integration layer for Teamcity CI, with no malicious behavior detected. It securely reports test statuses and outputs, without any signs of malware, unauthorized data access, or network activity. The design is consistent with standard CI reporting practices.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}