{
  "purpose": "Middleware components to handle Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) and CSRF referer modifications in Django applications.",
  "sources": "Request headers (HTTP_ORIGIN, HTTP_REFERER, HTTP_HOST), request.path, request.META, signal responses.",
  "sinks": "Modifications to request.META headers, setting CORS headers in HTTP responses, copying request.META, URL parsing.",
  "flows": "Request headers are read for origin and referer; URL parsing is performed; response headers are set based on whitelists, regex matches, and signals.",
  "anomalies": "Use of regex matching for domain whitelists; dynamic setting of CORS headers; reliance on external signals; potential overwriting of headers without validation.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages CORS headers and referer adjustments for security compliance. It reads headers like 'HTTP_ORIGIN' and 'HTTP_REFERER', parses URLs, and conditionally sets CORS headers based on whitelists, regex patterns, and signals. The functions involve modifying request.META headers, which could be misused if the headers are manipulated maliciously; however, all modifications appear to follow standard CORS handling logic. The use of signals to determine request enablement could potentially be exploited if signals are compromised, but this depends on external implementation. No hardcoded credentials, malicious code injections, or suspicious behaviors like network communication to unknown domains are present. The regex matching and header modifications are standard for CORS middleware. No obfuscated code is detected. The code does not perform any malicious actions like data exfiltration or executing system commands. The overall risk appears low, with some reliance on external signals and whitelist configurations. The code does not seem to contain any backdoors or hidden malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard CORS and referer handling middleware for Django, with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It primarily manages headers and whitelists for cross-origin requests, with some dynamic signal-based logic. No security vulnerabilities or malicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}