{
  "purpose": "This code implements CORS middleware for a Django application, handling cross-origin requests, preflight OPTIONS, and referer rewriting for security and compatibility.",
  "sources": "Request headers such as HTTP_ORIGIN, HTTP_REFERER, and input data via request.META; settings from 'corsheaders' configurations; signals for request control.",
  "sinks": "Modifications to request.META (HTTP_REFERER), setting response headers like 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin', 'Access-Control-Allow-Headers', 'Access-Control-Allow-Methods', 'Access-Control-Max-Age', and 'Access-Control-Allow-Credentials'.",
  "flows": "Request headers (origin, referer) are read in 'process_request' and 'process_response'; 'HTTP_REFERER' may be replaced in 'request.META'; response headers are set in 'process_response' based on request and settings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code performs referer header rewriting and origin checking, which could be misused if misconfigured, but no malicious intent is evident. Usage of regex for URL matching and whitelists appears standard. No obfuscated code or hidden malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a middleware for handling CORS in Django. It manages referer headers to bypass CSRF issues and sets appropriate CORS headers based on configuration and request origin. The functions perform expected tasks like replacing referer, checking whitelist/domains via regex, and setting headers. The code avoids direct data leakage, injection, or backdoors. No malicious network activity or system tampering logic is present. The signal handling provides extendability but does not introduce malicious behavior. Overall, the logic appears standard for CORS middleware without suspicious or malicious features.",
  "conclusion": "The code is standard Django CORS middleware with referer handling and origin whitelisting. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. No security risks beyond expected CORS configuration and potential misconfiguration. The implementation is consistent with typical CORS practices, with no signs of sabotage or covert malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}