{
  "purpose": "The code implements Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) middleware for Django, managing origin validation, preflight responses, and HTTP header adjustments to enable controlled cross-origin requests.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include HTTP headers such as 'HTTP_ORIGIN', 'HTTP_REFERER', and request method/type; URL parsing of 'HTTP_ORIGIN'.",
  "sinks": "Modifying response headers like 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin', 'Access-Control-Allow-Headers', 'Access-Control-Allow-Methods', 'Access-Control-Max-Age', and adjusting 'HTTP_REFERER' in request META.",
  "flows": "Data flows from HTTP headers ('HTTP_ORIGIN', 'HTTP_REFERER', 'HTTP_HOST') through origin validation and regex matching, influencing response headers; request method and URL pattern checks also guide flow.",
  "anomalies": "Use of request.META copying and temporary storage of 'ORIGINAL_HTTP_REFERER' might be used for referer spoofing; conditional setting of 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' based on model database lookup could be used for origin spoofing. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious backdoors detected. The code appears standard for CORS middleware, with no obfuscated or malicious code behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages CORS headers and referer handling. It performs URL parsing, whitelist and regex checks, and modifies response headers accordingly. The referer replacement logic could be exploited if an attacker can control 'HTTP_REFERER' or 'HTTP_ORIGIN' headers, but this is typical for CORS implementations. The database model check for 'cors' field is a normal whitelist mechanism. No suspicious code for backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity is present. The code does not perform any obfuscated or malicious actions. Its logic aligns with standard CORS middleware practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of CORS middleware for Django, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It correctly manages origin validation, header setting, and referer handling for cross-origin requests. No malicious intent or malware patterns detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}