{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a flexible logging system supporting multiple logger types ('standard' and 'loguru') with customizable formatting and dynamic method wrapping for logging levels.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration parameters for logger initialization, such as logger name and type. It also reads logger method calls like 'info', 'debug', etc., during runtime.",
  "sinks": "Logger methods are invoked with string messages; no explicit data sinks are present in the code. No external data inputs or outputs are directly processed.",
  "flows": "Configuration parameters flow into logger initialization, which then flow into method calls like 'info' and 'debug'. Wrapped logger methods process message strings for output.",
  "anomalies": "The class names and method names are obfuscated, which is unusual and may hinder code readability. The use of dynamic attribute access and wrapping of logger methods is complex but appears to be legitimate. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious network activity are present. No obfuscation techniques indicating malicious intent such as code injection or hidden backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a logger setup class with obfuscated naming, initializing either a standard or loguru logger. It formats logs with color and timestamp, adding handlers if absent. The class dynamically wraps logging methods ('debug', 'info', etc.) to include extra context like class and function names, which is typical for enhanced logging. The main block demonstrates usage with two different logger types. There are no signs of malicious payloads, external data exfiltration, network communication, or code injection. The obfuscated naming may be intended to hide the true purpose but does not in itself imply malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate logging utility with obfuscated naming, likely aimed at enhancing log clarity with context info. No malicious behaviors or security risks are evident. The obfuscation could hinder maintenance but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}