{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to build Yandex search URLs, fetch and parse search results, and detect bans or errors during scraping.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-provided query strings, keyword arguments for URL building, and data fetched via 'grab' objects (HTML content).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include URL generation (via 'quote' and 'urlencode'), XPath queries parsing fetched HTML, and logging outputs.",
  "flows": "Input query strings are sanitized and incorporated into URLs, fetched HTML content is parsed via XPath, and results are extracted. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks in a suspicious manner.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains commented-out sections that handle URL modifications and unvalidated URL components. The 'print' statement in the error branch suggests debugging code, which could be a minor concern if present in production. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical web scraping operations: URL construction with query parameters, HTML parsing via XPath, and result extraction. The use of 'smart_str' and 'quote' for encoding is standard. The presence of commented-out code and debugging print statements is not inherently malicious but indicates incomplete handling of URL parsing. No external network connections or data exfiltration code are present. The code does not contain obfuscation or hidden behavior. The functions check for captchas and page bans, typical for scraping tools. Overall, the code appears to be a standard scraper implementation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard web scraper for Yandex search results with no evident malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain malware, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious external communications. Minor anomalies are benign and related to debugging or incomplete features.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}