{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and functions for simulating stochastic and deterministic coupled map lattices, including various specific configurations and models, primarily for research in dynamical systems.",
  "sources": "Input data is taken from function parameters such as adjacency matrices, initial states, random number generators, and optional parameters like sigma and measurement noise standard deviations.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could flow through the step functions or simulation routines if external inputs or manipulated RNG outputs are used improperly; however, the code only uses internally controlled parameters and RNG objects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into the map functions (e.g., logistic_map, quadradic_map), then through the step functions which compute the next states based on the current states, adjacency matrices, and noise; measurement noise and boundary conditions are applied during simulation updates.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for scientific simulation of coupled map lattices. There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden code snippets. The use of mod_interval is correct for domain enforcement. No obfuscation or misleading variable names are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of coupled map lattice models, including stochastic variants. It provides various configurations based on parameters, boundary conditions, and specific maps (logistic, quadratic). The functions are well-structured, with parameter checks and boundary enforcement. No external network calls, file operations, or suspicious code segments are present. The RNG is used locally, and all input parameters are controllable or explicitly set. Overall, the code aligns with scientific modeling, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign and intended for simulation of dynamical systems. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The structure and content are consistent with standard scientific modeling code for coupled map lattices.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}