{
  "purpose": "Define protocol interfaces and type aliases for dependency injection and asynchronous operations in a Python application, likely related to a dependency injection framework or task management.",
  "sources": "Imports from __future__ (obscure string), typing module, and a module named di._task.",
  "sinks": "None identified; no data leaks or untrusted input handling observed.",
  "flows": "Not applicable; no executable flow of untrusted data is present in this code.",
  "anomalies": "Use of a very obscure string in __future__ import (uZdouMKjbfwXlFQbgcnOcQgPLAWhfulp), which is syntactically valid but unusual. The module di._task is imported, but without additional context, its contents are unknown. The class and method names are obfuscated, possibly to hide intent or just as a result of code obfuscation. The code contains only interface definitions without implementation, which is common but warrants checking for malicious obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to define protocols (interfaces) with highly obfuscated names and an unusual __future__ import string. The obfuscated import string is a potential red flag, but since it's in a string, it doesn't execute and may be used to evade simple static analysis. No data is read from untrusted sources; no code executes dynamically or reads external inputs. The module di._task could be malicious if its contents are harmful, but as this code only imports and uses types, it doesn't perform any malicious actions itself. The purpose seems to be structural, providing abstract interfaces.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily consists of interface definitions with obfuscated naming and an unusual __future__ import string. No malicious behavior, such as code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious side effects, is evident. The obfuscation and obscure import could be suspicious but are not inherently malicious in this context. Without additional context or code execution, this appears to be benign interface code, possibly auto-generated or intentionally obfuscated.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}