{
  "purpose": "Setup script for a Python package, handling dependencies and package metadata.",
  "sources": "Reading the 'README.rst' file for long description.",
  "sinks": "No obvious sinks involving untrusted data or external data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Reading README file content to include as long description in setup.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual variable names and code formatting, including obfuscated-looking variable names. The line with 'with open' is missing parentheses for the 'open' call, which may cause a syntax error or indicate obfuscation. The 'setup' function includes a suspicious key 'QDTZFWMyGiSVMgwfjqSrkySAtwmLtASe' with a value that looks like a hardcoded secret or token. The 'tests_require' key is misspelled as 'tests_require' (should be 'tests_require'), which is a typo but not malicious. The use of non-standard variable names and strange string values may be attempts to obfuscate intentions, but there is no clear evidence of malicious activity in the code itself.",
  "analysis": "The code attempts to import setup tools, falling back to distutils. It defines package classifiers with normal metadata. The 'open' function usage is malformed, missing parentheses, indicating either obfuscation or a syntax error. The 'setup' call includes a strange key with an apparent token ('qcwzx3yzeo64f62y'), which could be a secret or license key. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. The code appears to be a typical package setup script with some obfuscation or typos that may be accidental or deliberate but not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not demonstrate malicious behavior but contains irregularities such as strange variable names, potential obfuscation, and a suspicious key. The most concerning part is the hardcoded key, which might be a secret token, but there's no active malicious activity. The malformed 'open' statement suggests possible obfuscation or an error in code copy. Overall, the script appears to be a standard setup file with some unusual naming and a suspicious key but no malware present.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}