{
  "purpose": "The code is a setup script for building, packaging, and distributing a Python project called 'UnityPy'. It manages compilation of C++ extensions and packaging of resources, specifically for cross-platform distribution.",
  "sources": "The code reads system environment variables, filesystem paths, directory listings, and package data files such as C++ source files and resource files.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with the filesystem (os.walk, os.listdir), runs subprocesses (subprocess.run), and appends resource paths to package data. No direct sinks related to untrusted input data or external systems are evident.",
  "flows": "The system determines compiler flags based on environment and system info, then uses this info to compile C++ extensions. It dynamically adds resource file paths to package data based on system architecture. No untrusted data flows to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets are present. The subprocess call checks compiler version, which is standard; no malicious behaviors or hidden backdoors are evident. The code's logic appears consistent with normal build procedures.",
  "analysis": "The script performs typical setup activities: configuring compiler flags based on detected compiler type and version, collecting resource files for packaging, and dynamically adjusting package data for cross-platform compatibility. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or malicious code execution paths are detected. The subprocess call to check compiler version is standard. Resource paths are system-specific but not malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate build and packaging script with no evidence of malicious intent. It efficiently manages cross-platform build configurations and resource packaging without suspicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}