{
  "purpose": "This code adapts a WSGI application to function within an ASGI server environment, enabling compatibility between synchronous WSGI apps and asynchronous ASGI servers.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'scope', 'receive()' for HTTP request bodies, and HTTP headers. Data is read from 'scope', 'message' objects received asynchronously, and request headers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'send' function to transmit HTTP response start and body messages, which could be misused to send malicious payloads or intercept data if compromised. The 'wsgi_application' is invoked with a constructed environment, which could be manipulated if inputs are malicious, but in this context, it is standard usage.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'receive()' calls capturing request bodies into a SpooledTemporaryFile, then into the WSGI application via 'build_environ'. Response data flows from the WSGI app output through 'run_wsgi_app' to the 'send' function, with potential for control over response headers and body.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. The code uses standard libraries and typical WSGI-ASGI bridging patterns. No obfuscated code or unusual behaviors. The response handling aligns with expected standards. The use of 'SpooledTemporaryFile' is typical for buffering request bodies.",
  "analysis": "The code securely wraps a WSGI application within an ASGI framework, handling request data asynchronously, building a proper WSGI environment, and managing response headers and body streaming. No suspicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious injections are evident. It adheres to conventional patterns for async-to-sync bridging. No signs of malware, hidden code, or malicious intent are present. The code appears to be a standard, secure implementation for middleware conversion.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, secure WSGI-to-ASGI adapter with no malicious or suspicious behaviors detected. It performs expected data handling and response management without evident security issues or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}