{
  "purpose": "The code defines data schemas for a trading system API, including request and response structures for user login, order management, account info, market data, and other trading operations. It serves as a static blueprint for data exchange, not active logic.",
  "sources": "Fields within the schema definitions that accept or hold data, such as 'Password', 'AuthCode', 'AccountID', 'TradeID', 'ErrorMsg', etc.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data points include user input fields like 'Password', 'AuthCode', 'SecuPwdFlag', 'ErrorMsg', 'Digest', which could be sources of sensitive data if mishandled, but in this context are schema fields only.",
  "flows": "No active data flow or code execution; these are static data structures. If used in an application, data would flow from user input or external sources into these schemas and then be processed or transmitted, but no such flow is present in the code itself.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies detected. The code is straightforward schema definitions with standard field names and types. Sensitive-looking fields are typical for data schemas and do not indicate malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises static dictionary definitions outlining data structures for a trading system API. There are no executable functions, network calls, or dynamic code segments. Sensitive fields like 'Password' and 'AuthCode' are typical in data schemas, not embedded secrets or malicious payloads. The absence of code logic, obfuscation, or suspicious patterns suggests benign intent. The scores assigned (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: very low) are consistent with this analysis. The data schemas are comprehensive but do not pose security risks by themselves.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is purely structural schema definitions for a trading system API, with no active or malicious code present. Sensitive field names are typical for such schemas and do not imply malicious intent. The scores of 0 for malware and obfuscation, and very low risk, are justified and align with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}