{
  "purpose": "Provides a minimal interface for the route53-recovery-cluster service, importing client and paginator classes for use in AWS SDK interactions.",
  "sources": "Import statements for internal modules (.client and .paginator), class assignments, and documentation comments.",
  "sinks": "This code does not perform data input/output or network operations; it only defines class references and documentation.",
  "flows": "No runtime data flows; the code sets up class aliases and exports for external use.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies; the code is straightforward, static, and lacks obfuscated patterns or suspicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a simple interface layer for AWS SDK classes, with no network calls or response handling. The reports indicating 'Empty response' are likely from external SDK calls made elsewhere, not from this static code. The code's static nature and lack of response processing mean it cannot produce or handle responses directly. The reports' claims about 'Empty response' do not reflect issues within this code but are external runtime observations. Given the absence of malicious code, obfuscation, or vulnerabilities, the malware score should be zero. The minimal complexity and clarity of the code support a low risk assessment. The reports do not provide sufficient context to justify higher scores, and the responses are probably normal in certain scenarios. Therefore, the static code is safe, and the issues are external to it.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward, benign interface module with no malicious or obfuscated elements. The 'Empty response' reports are external runtime observations and do not indicate security issues within this static code. Malware and obfuscation scores should be zero; risk scores should be very low, reflecting normal operation. No changes to the code are necessary based on these reports.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}