{
  "purpose": "Define models and utilities for managing SQL queries, logs, snapshots, and related metadata within a Django application, including execution and parameter handling.",
  "sources": "Data input sources include user-supplied SQL queries, parameters, and user information from request context. The code reads environment configurations and external storage (S3) for snapshots.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks via logging (error messages, SQL statements), database execution, and external storage access (S3). Execution of SQL queries and interactions with database connections are also considered sinks.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows from user parameters into SQL query construction, which is then executed against the database. Query logs and snapshots involve data flow from SQL execution to storage or logs.",
  "anomalies": "The code executes raw SQL via cursor.execute without sanitization, but it does include blacklist validation. Usage of external S3 storage for snapshots could leak metadata. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or obfuscated code detected. Logging SQL statements could risk information leakage if queries contain sensitive data.",
  "analysis": "The code defines Django models for queries, logs, snapshots, and preferences, with functions to execute SQL queries and manage parameters. The execute_query_only method enforces a blacklist check to prevent dangerous SQL commands before execution, which mitigates SQL injection risks. The query execution uses parameterized SQL via swap_params and extract_params, reducing injection risks further. The code interacts with external S3 storage for snapshots, which could leak metadata but not content directly. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity are evident. Error messages may reveal SQL or query details in logs, which should be monitored. Overall, the code appears structured for legitimate use with standard security precautions, but the logging of SQL statements could pose a minor information leak if queries contain sensitive data.",
  "conclusion": "The code demonstrates typical Django data models and query execution workflows with precautions like blacklist validation. No evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage found. External interactions are limited to standard database and S3 operations. Minor concern regarding logging SQL statements, but overall, the code maintains good security practices.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}