{
  "purpose": "The code manages SQL query creation, execution, logging, and snapshot handling within a Django application, with safeguards against dangerous SQL via blacklist filtering.",
  "sources": "Input data from user parameters, SQL strings, external storage (S3), and database connections.",
  "sinks": "Execution of raw SQL queries, logging SQL statements, and storage of query logs and snapshots.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are merged into SQL via swap_params; passes_blacklist() filters SQL; execute_query_only() runs SQL; logs and snapshots are stored externally; query results are processed and returned.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or covert network activity detected. External functions like passes_blacklist() are critical but not shown; reliance on external validation is noted.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured with standard Django models and utility functions. It filters SQL through passes_blacklist() before execution, reducing risk of dangerous commands. No obfuscated code or malicious network activity is present. Logging SQL statements could leak sensitive info but is a common practice if logs are secured. The overall logic is straightforward, with external dependencies and storage interactions typical for such systems. The security posture relies on the robustness of passes_blacklist(), which is external. No signs of malware, backdoors, or obfuscation are evident. The risk score is low (0.2), reflecting reliance on external validation and potential info leaks, but no malicious activity is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate, well-structured, and secure, with no signs of malware or obfuscation. Its primary security consideration is the effectiveness of the external passes_blacklist() function. The overall security risk is low, and the code aligns with best practices for query management and logging in Django applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}