{
  "purpose": "The code defines various wait strategies for implementing retry logic with customizable delays between retries, primarily used for controlling backoff timing in retry mechanisms.",
  "sources": "Code imports from 'random', 'abc', 'typing', and 'tenacity._utils'. It does not read external input or data sources.",
  "sinks": "The code uses 'random' module functions, but only for generating wait times, which is standard for retry delay calculations. No data leaks or sensitive data handling observed.",
  "flows": "No untrusted data flows from external sources to sensitive sinks. The retry delay functions take in 'retry_state' objects and produce delay durations, with no external or untrusted input manipulation or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious code are detected. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of wait strategies for retries. The use of 'random' is appropriate for jitter and backoff strategies. No obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious behavior are present.",
  "analysis": "The module provides multiple classes implementing different wait strategies, including fixed, random, incremental, exponential, and jittered exponential backoff. The code follows standard design patterns for such utilities, uses 'random' appropriately for jitter, and does not handle sensitive information or perform network operations. The imported 'random' module is used solely for generating wait durations, which is typical and safe. There are no signs of malicious code, code injection, data leakage, or suspicious behaviors. The overall structure and logic are clear, well-commented, and consistent with retry delay mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, non-malicious utility module for managing retry wait times. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks. The use of 'random' is justified and not indicative of malicious intent. No security concerns are identified based on this code segment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}