{
  "purpose": "This script is a Python-based cyclomatic complexity analyzer for multiple programming languages, used for static code analysis to assess code complexity, maintainability, and quality metrics.",
  "sources": "The code reads input files or directories specified via command-line arguments, configuration files, and environment variables such as the input filename list, extension parameters, and optional whitelist/ignore patterns.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe operations include reading source files, reading whitelist files, and writing output reports to specified files. There are no direct data leaks or insecure operations involving untrusted data handling or network communications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (files, command-line arguments) through processing functions (file reading, tokenization, analysis) into report generation and output functions. Whitelist filtering also processes warning data before output.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code. It employs standard libraries for file handling, multiprocessing, and string processing. No obfuscated code patterns or dynamic code execution is evident. All operations are related to code analysis and report generation.",
  "analysis": "The script performs static analysis of source code files, computing metrics such as NLOC, cyclomatic complexity, and nesting depth. It reads files from user-specified paths, supports ignore patterns via .gitignore, and filters warnings based on thresholds and whitelists. It generates various output formats, including XML, CSV, and HTML. The code handles file I/O securely with error handling, uses multiprocessing for performance, and processes user inputs without evident vulnerabilities. No network operations, reverse shells, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads are present. The structure is complex but adheres to standard static analysis patterns, with no suspicious or malicious logic detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate static analysis tool designed for code complexity evaluation. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or sabotage activities. All operations are confined to file reading, data processing, and report writing for code quality metrics. There are no signs of malware, security risks, or obfuscation. The overall security risk score is very low, with high confidence.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}