{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom hook for interacting with Grafana Loki's API, specifically for querying and pushing logs.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'params' and 'payload' arguments in 'query_range' and 'push_log' methods, as well as 'headers' if provided.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can potentially be sent in the 'headers' or payload to the Loki API endpoints, which could lead to injection or malicious request modification if not properly sanitized.",
  "flows": "Data from 'params' and 'headers' (sources) are used directly in API requests to Loki endpoints (sinks). The methods build API URLs, insert parameters, and send requests accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'data' parameter in 'run' method for GET request in 'query_range', which is unusual as GET requests typically use 'params' instead of 'data'. This might lead to unexpected behavior but is not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code structures are present. No obfuscated code or malware signatures are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a standard implementation of a custom HTTP hook for Loki interaction. It uses environment variables and parameters provided at runtime. The use of 'headers' allows for custom authorization or other headers, but there are no indications of hardcoded secrets. The use of 'run' with 'data' in a GET request is unconventional but not malicious. Overall, the code appears well-structured, with no evident malicious intent or suspicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of an API client for Loki with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It lacks suspicious or malicious patterns, hardcoded secrets, or malicious data flows. The primary concern is the unconventional use of 'data' in a GET request, which is not inherently malicious but could affect functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}