{
  "purpose": "The code defines an Airflow PythonOperator that performs log cleanup by deleting database records within a specified date range.",
  "sources": "The function reads input parameters: task id, date range (before and after), and optionally a DAG context. It also accesses database sessions and ORM models for log records.",
  "sinks": "The code deletes records from the database via ORM queries, which could lead to data loss if misused or if parameters are manipulated maliciously.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (task id, date range) are used to filter ORM queries; these queries then delete records from the database, with the session committing the changes.",
  "anomalies": "Variable and function names are nonsensical and obfuscated, which is suspicious but not necessarily malicious. No external network activity or data exfiltration is present.",
  "analysis": "The code creates an Airflow task that filters log records based on date parameters and deletes them, encapsulated within a scheduled cleanup operation. The obfuscated naming pattern raises suspicion but does not indicate malicious intent. The deletion logic is straightforward and uses ORM queries with proper session management. No external communication, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads are detected. The obfuscation could hinder maintenance but is not inherently malicious. The overall structure and behavior align with legitimate log maintenance tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard scheduled log cleanup utility with obfuscated variable names. There is no evidence of malicious activity or supply chain compromise. The obfuscation is notable but not necessarily malicious. The security risk is low, primarily due to potential accidental data loss from obfuscation or misconfiguration. Malware activity is not present. Overall, the code is legitimate but warrants caution due to obfuscation.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}