{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to perform statistical significance tests, including t-tests, ANOVA, and confidence intervals, for data analysis purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through function parameters such as group arrays and data samples. It also reads statistical distributions from scipy.stats to compute p-values and confidence intervals.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the outputs of statistical calculations, such as p-values, confidence intervals, and test statistics. These are returned as part of data structures or tuples but do not lead to further data leaks or actions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into statistical computations, then outputs results (test statistics, p-values, confidence intervals). No external untrusted data is directly incorporated during runtime; calculations are based solely on provided data.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or unusual code patterns are observed. The code performs standard statistical computations without any suspicious or hidden behaviors. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. All functions utilize well-known libraries and standard statistical formulas.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data classes for test results and implements functions for t-test, ANOVA, and confidence interval calculations. All functions convert inputs to numpy arrays, perform standard statistical calculations, and return structured results. No external data sources, network activity, or system modifications are involved. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or covert operations. Usage of scipy.stats and numpy is standard for statistical analysis. The code is straightforward, clearly documented, and utilizes well-established libraries and methods.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of statistical tests with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It solely performs data analysis tasks, and there is no evidence of malware or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}