{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for managing cluster pooling, tagging, and locking in an EMR environment to optimize resource usage and prevent concurrent modifications.",
  "sources": "Reads environment configuration, imported libraries (mrjob, botocore), and cluster metadata (tags, status). It also reads cluster descriptions, tags, and step states via AWS API calls.",
  "sinks": "API calls to add or remove tags, describe clusters, and list steps; potential modification of cluster tags for locking; no direct data leaks or malicious sinks identified.",
  "flows": "Cluster metadata (tags, status) are read and used to determine lock status; tags are added/removed to lock or unlock clusters; API calls modify cluster tags; flow is from reading cluster info, making decisions, and updating tags.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code behaviors detected; code is standard for resource management. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors present. The functions for locking and tagging clusters are standard management routines.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of utilities for cluster pooling, tagging, and locking in EMR. It reads cluster tags and status, and modifies tags to implement locks. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious data handling, or malicious code. The code performs API interactions typical for cluster management without any suspicious or harmful operations. The functions include error handling and logging, and do not process untrusted input in a way that could cause harm. The code does not contain any malware behavior, such as data exfiltration, system compromise, or backdoors. Overall, the code appears legitimate, safe, and intended for resource management tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for managing cluster pooling via AWS EMR tags, with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. It performs expected operations related to cluster locking and tagging, with proper error handling and no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}