{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to interface with the Deezer music streaming service, enabling login, session management, account switching, and retrieving track URLs.",
  "sources": "The code reads user credentials (email, password), reCaptcha tokens, ARL cookies, and session cookies from input parameters and session storage.",
  "sinks": "The code sends login data and session cookies via POST requests to Deezer's servers and retrieves track URLs from remote media sources.",
  "flows": "Input credentials (email, password, ARL, session cookies) flow into login functions, which authenticate and set session cookies. Subsequently, track tokens flow into get_tracks_url, which requests media URLs from Deezer's servers.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code uses requests to send data and retrieve URLs, which is typical. The license token and user data are stored and reused securely. There is no evidence of obfuscated code or attempts to hide malicious activity. The code interacts with known APIs and handles data properly. However, the use of user data and session cookies could potentially be misused if combined with malicious input, but nothing in this code indicates malicious intent itself.",
  "analysis": "The code manages user sessions, handles login via credentials or ARL cookies, and retrieves media URLs. It performs session management securely, with proper cookie handling. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration is evident. The data flow involves typical API calls, with error handling for network requests. The only potential concern is reliance on external inputs like credentials and ARL cookies, but this is standard for authentication workflows. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, obfuscation, or malware signatures are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard implementation for interacting with the Deezer API, including login, session management, and media URL retrieval. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this module. It functions as intended for legitimate use cases without evidence of sabotage or exploitation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}