{
  "purpose": "The code implements a ZeroMQ-based asynchronous RPC engine for inter-process communication, task offloading, and management, utilizing pickle for message serialization and deserialization. It supports both client and server roles with mechanisms for task execution, cancellation, and shutdown.",
  "sources": "Socket messages received over IPC, untrusted data from network, command arguments and payloads, pickle.loads for deserialization.",
  "sinks": "Unpickling data via pickle.loads, executing functions based on command IDs, pickling responses via pickle.dumps, socket send/recv operations.",
  "flows": "Socket receives data -> unpickle -> command dispatch -> execute function -> pickle response -> socket send; or vice versa for client requests.",
  "anomalies": "Uses pickle for serialization/deserialization without validation or sandboxing, which is insecure with untrusted data. No obfuscation or malicious code detected. Command IDs are mapped directly to functions, which could be manipulated if CMDS is tampered with.",
  "analysis": "The code is a legitimate async RPC framework leveraging ZeroMQ, with task management and shutdown procedures. The primary security concern is the use of pickle for message serialization, which can lead to remote code execution if untrusted data is processed. No malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscation are evident. The scores assigned (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0) are appropriate. The risk score is elevated (~0.7) due to the inherent insecurity of pickle when handling untrusted inputs. The code's structure and logic are sound, but the security vulnerability should be addressed by replacing pickle with safer serialization methods and validating inputs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard ZeroMQ-based async RPC system with no malicious intent or obfuscation. The main security risk stems from unsafe deserialization using pickle on untrusted data, which could be exploited for remote code execution. The malware score is correctly set to 0, and the obfuscation score is 0. The overall security risk is high (~0.7), primarily due to the pickle vulnerability, but no active malicious behavior is present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.7,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}