{
  "purpose": "This code defines a framework for creating symbolic constants, including named, value-based, and flag constants, within container classes. It provides mechanisms for ordering, comparison, and bitwise operations among constants.",
  "sources": "The code reads class attributes during class creation to identify constants; the 'lookupByName' and 'lookupByValue' methods read from internal dictionaries. No external input sources are explicitly present.",
  "sinks": "There are no direct data sinks or external output functions. No network, file, or environment variable operations are present that could leak data or execute untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Constants are created and initialized via class attributes; 'lookupByName' and 'lookupByValue' methods perform lookups within internal dictionaries. The flow is limited to internal data structures without external data influence.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation. It provides a standard pattern for symbolic constants with no malicious behavior. No dynamic code execution, network connections, or system modifications are present. The only dynamic aspects are class creation and constant realization, which are typical and safe.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a structured way to define and manage symbolic constants, including ordered and bit-flag constants, with comparison operators and lookup methods. The metaclass creates container classes that organize constants, while individual constant classes implement comparison and bitwise logic. There are no external data inputs, no network operations, no data leaks, or suspicious code behaviors. The design aligns with common practices for symbolic constants management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured framework for symbolic constants with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It does not perform any external or harmful operations. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}