{
  "purpose": "The code defines Pulumi resource types and arguments for managing HPC Cache Blob NFS Targets, including resource properties, constructors, and import mechanisms.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to constructors (__init__, _internal_init), property getters, and default values set within class methods.",
  "sinks": "Resource creation and property setting via pulumi.set, property getters returning pulumi.get values, and resource registration with Pulumi's internal mechanisms.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into resource properties via constructor and _internal_init; property getters retrieve current values; resource registration and state management occur through Pulumi internal functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns identified. The code is predominantly boilerplate for resource definition, with no suspicious logic or external network calls. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward definition of Pulumi resource types for managing HPC Cache Blob NFS Targets. It uses typical Python class structures, Pulumi decorators, and property getters/setters. The resource initialization depends on user-provided input, with validation for required fields. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden network activities. The comments and import statements are standard and provide guidance on usage and import procedures. Overall, this appears to be standard SDK code for resource management with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Pulumi resource definition module for HPC Cache Blob NFS Targets. It contains no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It is typical infrastructure-as-code boilerplate code with no suspicious patterns or external communications. Overall, it is safe and poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}