{
  "purpose": "This code manages certificate creation, normalization, proof addition, and batch processing for blockchain anchoring, primarily handling file I/O, JSON processing, and cryptographic proof management.",
  "sources": "File reads from 'unsigned_cert_file_name' and 'blockchain_cert_file_name'; external helper modules for normalization, proof handling, and signing; data inputs from certificate metadata and external batch/merkle tree generators.",
  "sinks": "Writing updated certificate JSON to files; returning normalized byte arrays; generating blockchain data; adding proofs to certificate metadata.",
  "flows": "Certificate JSON loaded from file (source) → proof added via ProofHandler (sink) → JSON written back to file (sink); certificate data normalized to bytes (source) → batch processes validate, sign, and generate merkle proofs (source) → blockchain data assembled (sink).",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or network activity detected. External modules are used but their internal security cannot be assessed here; no dynamic code execution or obfuscation present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard certificate handling workflows: reading unsigned certificates, normalizing JSON, adding cryptographic proofs, signing certificates, and preparing batch data for blockchain anchoring. No malicious or suspicious behavior is evident; the code is straightforward, with clear separation of concerns. File I/O operations depend on filenames provided in metadata, which is typical but should be validated externally. External helper modules are used for normalization, proof handling, and signing, but their security is outside this scope. No network calls, data exfiltration, or obfuscation are present. The malware score is justified as 0, given the absence of malicious activity. The obfuscation score is 0, as the code is readable and standard. The security risk score is low (0.2), reflecting operational risks inherent in file handling and external dependencies but no active vulnerabilities or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a certificate issuance and blockchain anchoring system. It does not contain malware, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities based on the provided content. The external dependencies should be reviewed separately, but the core logic is sound and secure.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}