{
  "purpose": "The code manages digital certificate creation, normalization, proof addition, and batch processing for blockchain issuance.",
  "sources": "Reading certificate data from files (unsigned and metadata files), input parameters for proofs, configuration data for directories, and environment variables (potentially via app_config).",
  "sinks": "Writing updated certificate JSONs to files, logging sensitive data, and potentially using cryptographic signatures. The code also interacts with blockchain data, but no direct network transmission or external data exfiltration is evident.",
  "flows": "Certificate data is read from files (sources), processed/normalized, proofs are added, and then data is written back to files or prepared for blockchain anchoring (sinks). The batch process involves validation, signing, proof generation, and data output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or API keys are detected. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or suspicious variable names. The code uses standard libraries and functions. It relies on external helper modules, but their content is not shown. No suspicious network operations or data leaks are directly observed.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to perform standard operations for managing certificates and batch processing, including reading from and writing to files, normalizing JSON data, adding cryptographic proofs, and preparing blockchain data. It employs secure patterns like validation and signing within context managers. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads, are evident. The use of external helper modules (e.g., helpers, ProofHandler) introduces some dependencies, but their code is not provided, so assumptions about their security cannot be made. Overall, the code follows expected patterns for certificate handling and blockchain anchoring without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code performs legitimate certificate processing and blockchain anchoring functions. No malicious activity or security risks are detected based on the provided code. The code appears secure, with no signs of malware or suspicious behavior. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}