{
  "purpose": "The code manages creation, proof addition, validation, and batch processing of digital certificates, including batch signing and blockchain data preparation.",
  "sources": "File reading operations (_get_certificate_to_issue, open() calls), external library calls (json.load, ProofHandler methods, helpers), environment configurations (app_config), and generator functions.",
  "sinks": "Writing to files (add_proof method), logging outputs, and returning blockchain data. No direct output of untrusted data to network or sensitive storage.",
  "flows": "Certificate data is read from files, processed through normalization and proof addition functions, then written back to files or returned for blockchain anchoring. Batch processing involves validation, signing, proof generation, and data hashing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. The code structure follows standard patterns. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or unusual variable usage observed. The only potential concern is reliance on external functions (e.g., ProofHandler) without inspecting their implementations, but their use appears legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code reads certificate data from files, normalizes JSON-LD data, adds merkle proofs, validates certificates, signs certificates, and prepares batch data for blockchain anchoring. All file operations appear standard and safe. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication beyond standard logging, or code injection. External libraries are used as intended, with no suspicious activity. The code handles batch processing systematically with proper validation, signing, and proof generation, with no signs of sabotage or malware. The overall structure and operations are consistent with legitimate certificate issuance workflows.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs certificate handling, validation, proof addition, and batch processing in a standard manner without detectable malicious intent or malicious behavior. It appears to be part of a certificate issuance system with proper security practices. No evidence of malware, sabotage, or malicious data leakage found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}