{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python module for AI-powered GDPR compliance analysis of source code files, focusing on identifying personal data handling, consent, data transfer, retention, and security issues.",
  "sources": "Imports modules such as os, re, logging, json, ast, time, and external AI SDKs (openai, langchain). Reads files from disk for analysis. Uses environment variables for API keys. Reads file content for pattern matching and AST parsing.",
  "sinks": "AI provider calls for analysis (openai, ollama). Reads files for content and structure. Caches responses to local files. Uses regex for pattern matching on sensitive data and operations.",
  "flows": "File content is read from disk -> AST parsing and regex pattern matching identify sensitive content -> Context is prepared including file info and code snippets -> AI client or template-based analysis generates potential issues -> Issues are parsed into GDPRIssue objects.",
  "anomalies": "The code attempts to import multiple AI SDKs with fallbacks; initializes AI clients with API keys from environment variables; performs pattern matching for PII and operations; caches responses persistently; uses a large prompt for structured JSON output. No obfuscated code or misleading variable names are evident. AI response parsing via regex for JSON extraction could be fragile but is a common pattern.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a legitimate source code analysis tool for GDPR compliance, utilizing AI models and regex-based pattern detection. No suspicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or code that performs harmful actions is present. The code reads files, analyzes content, and uses AI to identify GDPR-related issues, with caching to optimize repeated analysis. The logic is straightforward and well-structured, with no hidden backdoors or malicious data handling mechanisms. The fallback mechanisms, environment variable usage for API keys, and pattern matching are standard practices. The code does not perform any harmful system modifications, network communications to untrusted hosts, or stealth activities.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate GDPR compliance analysis tool leveraging AI and pattern matching. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. Its purpose is to assist in source code review for privacy and security issues, with no signs of sabotage or harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}