{
  "purpose": "The code adds slack variables to all constraints of a given optimization model to identify infeasible constraints by minimizing a binary indicator of infeasibility.",
  "sources": "Reads from the original model’s constraints via getConss() and getVal() methods.",
  "sinks": "Uses the model's addVar(), addCons(), addConsCoeff(), setObjective(), and optimize() methods to modify and solve the model, and prints diagnostic messages.",
  "flows": "Reads constraints from the original model -> Adds slack, auxiliary, and binary variables -> Adds constraints involving these variables -> Sets an objective to minimize infeasibilities -> Solves the modified model -> Reads solution values to determine infeasibility.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks observed. Code primarily manipulates mathematical models. Use of verbose printing for diagnostics is benign.",
  "analysis": "The script clones the provided model and introduces slack and auxiliary variables to each constraint to measure infeasibility. It adds binary variables to indicate infeasibility per constraint and uses a set of constraints to model absolute slack values. The objective is to minimize the total number of infeasible constraints. The approach is standard for infeasibility analysis and does not involve external communication, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads. No obfuscated code, hidden functions, or suspicious patterns are present. The code relies on the PySCIPOpt library functions and standard modeling techniques. The only notable feature is diagnostic printing, which is benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward utility for infeasibility detection in optimization models. It performs standard modeling operations without malicious intent or suspicious behavior. No malware or malicious behavior is detected. The security risk is minimal, focusing solely on model analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}