{
  "purpose": "The code provides helper functions and an IOHandler class for managing input and output operations in a CLI tool that handles encryption and decryption of files using AWS Encryption SDK.",
  "sources": "Reading from sys.stdin.buffer, sys.stdout.buffer, and file paths specified as source files or directories; accessing environment variables indirectly through standard library calls; calling os.path functions and os.makedirs.",
  "sinks": "Writing to sys.stdout.buffer, sys.stderr, and output files; potentially executing user input in interactive prompts; removing files via os.remove; opening files for reading and writing.",
  "flows": "Input is read from stdin or specified files; output is written to stdout or files; directories are traversed with os.walk; user prompts influence overwrite behavior; data flows from source files through aws_encryption_sdk.stream into destination files, with optional base64 encoding/decoding.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code adheres to standard practices for file handling and user prompts. No obfuscated code or unusual language features present. The only noteworthy aspect is interactive prompts for overwriting files, which is standard behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard IO operations with robust handling for directory creation, overwriting prompts, and file processing. It leverages aws_encryption_sdk for encryption/decryption streams but does not include any suspicious network activity or data exfiltration. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as hidden backdoors, data theft, or system damage. The structure is straightforward, with proper error handling and logging. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility for encrypted file processing without any malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate and well-structured IO handling utility for a CLI encryption tool. It does not contain any malicious or suspicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It performs standard file operations, user interaction, and encryption stream handling. The risk assessment is low, with no security threats detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}