{
  "purpose": "The code discovers available Python interpreters across different versions and runs a test script on each, capturing warnings for review.",
  "sources": "Interpreter paths obtained via which.whichall; environment variables like MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET; subprocess execution of test commands.",
  "sinks": "Subprocess calls executing test.py with constructed command strings; stderr reading for warnings.",
  "flows": "Interpreter paths from which.whichall → command string construction with environment variables → subprocess.Popen execution → stderr reading for warnings.",
  "anomalies": "Use of string formatting to build shell commands with shell=True, which could be exploited if interpreter paths are manipulated; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard multi-Python version test runner. It dynamically discovers interpreters, constructs shell commands, and executes tests, capturing warnings. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The main security concern is the use of shell=True with string interpolation, which could lead to command injection if interpreter paths are compromised. However, in controlled environments, this pattern is common and generally safe. The malware score is 0, as no malicious payloads or behaviors are detected. The obfuscation score is 0, as the code is straightforward. The security risk score is approximately 0.2, reflecting the potential command injection vector, but overall, the script is benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate testing utility for verifying multiple Python interpreters. No malicious activity or obfuscation is present. The primary security consideration is the use of shell=True with dynamically constructed commands, which carries a minor risk if interpreter paths are manipulated. Overall, the script is safe in controlled environments, with a low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}