{
  "purpose": "The code provides a client SDK for interacting with Glean's document-related APIs, allowing retrieval of document permissions, documents, and document facets, both synchronously and asynchronously.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from self.sdk_configuration, request parameters from function arguments, environment variables via get_security_from_env, and incoming API responses.",
  "sinks": "The code processes API responses by unmarshalling JSON data, raising errors with response details, and returning deserialized data. No direct sinks of untrusted data into system commands or sensitive operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (parameters, environment variables) flows into request construction; requests are sent via do_request/do_request_async; responses are processed and either unmarshalled, returned, or errors raised depending on response status and content.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for an API client SDK. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. No suspicious or unusual code constructs. Usage of environment variables for security indicates standard practice. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. Error handling is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The SDK constructs requests based on input parameters and configuration, securely handles API responses, and raises exceptions for error responses. No evidence of malicious behavior such as code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The only potential concern is reliance on environment variables for security, which is standard. No suspicious or malicious code segments are detected. The code structure and logic are typical for a well-structured API client library.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard API client SDK with no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage. It handles API interactions securely and predictably. There is no evidence of malware or security risks within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}