{
  "purpose": "The code provides a client SDK to interact with an API for document permissions, retrieval, and search functionalities, enabling communication with the server using HTTP requests.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, environment variables for security, and HTTP response headers; data also comes from request models and environment variables via get_security_from_env.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows into HTTP request bodies and headers; responses are parsed and unmarshaled from JSON; error handling raises exceptions with response details.",
  "flows": "Inputs from function parameters and environment variables are serialized into HTTP request bodies; responses are checked for status codes and content types, then unmarshaled or cause exceptions; error responses can trigger exceptions with details.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious variable names are present. No use of dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious network calls. The code follows standard API client patterns. No hidden or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard practices for an API SDK, with clear request construction, retry logic, and response handling. The get_security_from_env function suggests environment-based security management, not malicious activity. Error handling captures common API error codes. The code does not contain any suspicious or malicious code snippets, such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or external data leaks. There are no signs of obfuscation or malicious modifications. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate client SDK with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical, well-structured SDK for interacting with an API, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It reads inputs safely, handles responses properly, and does not perform any suspicious actions. No malware or sabotage indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}