{
  "purpose": "This code defines a client SDK for interacting with a document management API, allowing retrieval of document permissions, documents, and documents by facets, both synchronously and asynchronously.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as 'document_id', 'get_documents_request', 'get_documents_by_facets_request', environment variables via 'get_security_from_env', and HTTP response headers.",
  "sinks": "Data outputs include returning deserialized JSON responses, raising exceptions with error messages, and potential exposure of HTTP response content upon errors.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters (sources) through request construction and serialization, into API calls (sinks), then response data is unmarshaled or errors are raised based on response analysis.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hardcoded credentials or secrets. Usage of environment-based security sourcing is standard. No code injection points, eval, exec, or dynamic code execution present. All HTTP requests are constructed via library methods with serialized request bodies. No obfuscated code patterns or misleading variables detected. Retry configuration handling is standard. No backdoors or hidden endpoints are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard SDK client implementation. It constructs request objects from input parameters, handles retries, makes HTTP requests, and processes responses with standard error handling. It does not perform any untrusted code execution, nor does it collect or send system data, or connect to suspicious domains. All parameters, such as document IDs and request data, are passed explicitly, and responses are handled safely with exception raising for errors. The code relies on environment variables for security information, which is standard practice. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical API client SDK with no indications of malicious or sabotage behavior. It is securely designed with standard patterns and no suspicious elements found.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}