{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client SDK for interacting with a document management API, allowing users to retrieve document permissions and documents by various criteria.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as 'document_id', 'get_documents_request', 'get_documents_by_facets_request', and environment variables via 'get_security_from_env'. HTTP headers and request bodies are constructed from these inputs.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could be in the HTTP request bodies, headers, or query parameters. Responses are parsed from server responses, and exceptions are raised on errors. No evident data leaks or unsafe handling of untrusted input is observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into request objects; these are serialized and sent via HTTP POST requests. Responses are matched to expected status codes; on success, JSON is unmarshaled into models. Errors trigger exceptions. No dangerous data flow paths detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward, using standard request/response patterns. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are identified. No use of dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors. The only notable aspect is the reliance on environment variables for security configuration, which is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The SDK methods construct and send HTTP requests to a specified API endpoint, with parameters provided by the caller. Request serialization and response handling follow typical patterns. No malicious code, such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or data theft mechanisms, is present. The code appropriately handles errors and unexpected responses. Environment variable usage is for security configuration, not for malicious data access. Asynchronous and synchronous variants are properly implemented. Overall, the code functions as a typical API client without malicious intent or security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured API SDK client with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The handling of data and errors appears secure and conventional.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}