{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client SDK interface for interacting with a Glean API to retrieve document permissions and metadata, supporting both synchronous and asynchronous operations.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as x_glean_act_as, x_glean_auth_type, document IDs, URLs, facet conditions, and optional request models. Environment variables are indirectly accessed via get_security_from_env for security credentials.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into HTTP request construction, which sends data to the API endpoints. The responses are parsed and unmarshaled from JSON. The code raises exceptions upon error responses or unexpected data.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sources) are used to build request objects; these are serialized and sent via do_request/do_request_async functions (sinks). Responses are processed and checked against expected status codes, with data either returned or errors raised depending on response validation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded secrets are present. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is detected. The code appears to use standard request building, serialization, and error handling. No malicious or unusual code patterns are evident. Environment security variables are fetched indirectly, not hardcoded.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs API requests using provided parameters, serializes request bodies, and handles responses with appropriate error handling. It uses environment variables for security credentials, avoiding hardcoded secrets. It supports async operations, which are implemented safely. No suspicious data leakage, code injection, or malicious network activity is observed. All functions and flow control follow standard API client patterns, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate SDK client implementation for Glean's document-related API endpoints. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities based on the provided code. It follows standard security practices, such as avoiding hardcoded secrets and properly handling errors. Overall, the code is safe and intended for authorized API interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}