{
  "purpose": "The code defines core classes, result containers, and utility functions for ARCH models, including methods for fitting, forecasting, residual analysis, and plotting. It facilitates the implementation and evaluation of ARCH-type volatility models.",
  "sources": "Input data from class properties (_y, _y_series), user-provided data (y, params), and internal computations during likelihood evaluation, residual calculation, and optimization routines.",
  "sinks": "Print statements in _callback, warnings during model fitting, plotting functions for residuals and volatility, and summary report generation. No external network communication or data exfiltration detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input variables through residual calculations, likelihood functions, constraints, and optimization routines, culminating in model results and forecasts. Standard internal data flow for statistical modeling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscation, or malicious code detected. Usage of print and warnings is typical for modeling libraries and not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, well-structured implementation of ARCH modeling components, including classes for model specification, results, forecasting, and diagnostics. It employs standard libraries and practices, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior. The print statements and warnings are typical for user feedback and do not indicate malicious intent. The data flow is consistent with statistical modeling workflows. No external communication or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard implementation of ARCH models with no malicious or suspicious elements. The minimal use of print and warning statements does not pose security risks. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1-0.2) are appropriate and consistent with the code content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}