{
  "purpose": "Core classes and functions for ARCH models, including model estimation, results, and forecasting.",
  "sources": "Imports libraries, defines classes and functions, processes input data, and performs optimization during model fitting.",
  "sinks": "Potentially in the _callback function where progress info is printed; constraint function generates constraints; model fitting involves data input and parameter estimation.",
  "flows": "Input data (y) flows through class initializations and constraints, then into optimization routines. Parameters flow into likelihood calculations and model fitting, with outputs used for results and forecasts.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. No suspicious network activity, hidden code, or data leaks observed. Functions like _callback and constraint are standard utility implementations. No obfuscated code or misleading variable names identified.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a framework for ARCH modeling, including base classes, result containers, and forecast objects. It uses standard numerical and statistical libraries (numpy, scipy, pandas) and follows typical modeling patterns. The _callback function only outputs iteration info, which is typical for progress reporting. The constraint function creates mathematical constraints for optimization, which is normal in estimation routines. There are no network operations, file manipulations, or system-level commands that could be malicious. All data flows are within the expected scope for statistical modeling. No obfuscated language features or suspicious dynamic code execution are present. The code relies on external libraries for core functionality, and their use appears legitimate.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate implementation of ARCH model classes and related routines. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. It is a standard, well-structured modeling framework with no suspicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}