{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for truncating datetime objects to various periods such as seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, quarters, half-years, and years.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'datetime' parameter passed to functions like truncate(), truncate_week(), truncate_quarter(), etc.",
  "sinks": "The code performs datetime manipulations and replacements, returning new datetime objects. It does not write to files, network, or external systems.",
  "flows": "Input datetime objects are processed through various truncate functions, with some functions calling others (e.g., truncate_week calls truncate). The main flow is input → truncation logic → output datetime.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious imports. All functions serve straightforward datetime manipulations. No unusual dynamic execution or hidden code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of datetime utility functions designed to truncate datetime objects to specified periods. It uses standard Python 'datetime' and 'timedelta' modules without external dependencies. The functions include clear docstrings, and the logic for truncation (e.g., setting microseconds, seconds, minutes to zero, adjusting months for quarters/half-years) is straightforward. No inputs are read from untrusted sources beyond function parameters, and no data is sent to external systems or external network resources. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The code appears to be a benign utility module intended for date-time processing within larger applications.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe and standard set of datetime truncation utilities with no indication of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs well-defined, non-suspicious operations, with no signs of obfuscation or malware. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}