{
  "purpose": "The code implements a runtime environment for the Temporal Python SDK, including telemetry, logging, and metrics configurations, to support client and worker operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from class instances, function parameters, and environment (implicitly via imported modules). It accesses logging, time, and data class attributes. No external untrusted sources are directly read.",
  "sinks": "The code sends logs to a user-provided logger and metrics updates to core telemetry infrastructure. No external network connections or data exfiltration points are present within this module.",
  "flows": "Input configurations (e.g., logging, telemetry) flow into internal methods (_to_bridge_config) which transform data for the underlying bridge runtime; logs are forwarded via _on_logs method to the provided logger; metrics are created and updated via metric objects, but all data remains local, with no external data transfer.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. Usage of 'try-except' blocks in log message construction is benign and standard. The code extensively uses type annotations and structured configurations, with no obfuscated or confusing logic. No external network calls, file operations, or suspicious system manipulations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured implementation of telemetry, logging, and metrics for a Python SDK runtime. It uses standard practices, data classes, and protocols without any signs of malicious behavior. No code injection, data leakage, or external data exfiltration points are evident. All functions perform local data transformations or logging, and there is no evidence of sabotage, backdoors, or malware within this module. The use of protocol classes for metrics and detailed configuration objects aligns with typical SDK design. Overall, the code appears secure, well-structured, and free from malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code provides runtime, telemetry, and metrics configuration for the Temporal SDK with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It adheres to standard practices without any suspicious or harmful code. Therefore, it can be considered safe from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}