{
  "purpose": "Analysis of open-source Python dependency code for malicious behavior, obfuscation, and security risks.",
  "sources": "Code segments, data input points, environment variable access, network operations, file handling, dynamic execution points.",
  "sinks": "Potential data exfiltration points, network connections, file writes, environment variable reads, dynamic eval/exec calls.",
  "flows": "Sources such as environment variables or user input flow into dynamic execution or network transmission points, potentially leading to data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "Signs of obfuscation, dynamic code execution, hardcoded secrets, suspicious network domains, unusual import patterns, or excessive code complexity without clear purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code snippets in reports vary from benign utility modules with straightforward logic to suspicious code with signs of obfuscation and dynamic execution. Reports 1, 3, 4, and 5 describe benign code with no malicious patterns, justified by low malware and obfuscation scores (0 or near 0) and low security risks (0.2). Report 2 indicates signs of obfuscation and suspicious patterns such as eval/exec and environment variable access, leading to higher scores (malware=0.65, obfuscated=0.7, securityRisk=0.75). The confidence levels are appropriate given the evidence. Overall, the scores align with the described code behaviors, with suspicion primarily in Report 2. Without concrete malicious payloads, the high scores are justified but should be interpreted as signs rather than confirmed malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "Most code snippets are benign with low security risks. Report 2 shows signs of obfuscation and suspicious patterns, warranting higher scores. The current scoring system is consistent with the descriptions. Unless concrete malicious actions are confirmed, the overall malware score should remain low (~0.2), with Report 2 at approximately 0.65. Obfuscation scores should reflect signs of code complexity, with Report 2 at 0.7. The security risk remains low overall, with a slight increase for Report 2. These assessments are cautious but justified based on the evidence.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}