{
  "purpose": "This code defines various API views for token-based authentication using Django REST Framework and SimpleJWT.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration settings (api_settings), dynamically imports serializer classes using import_string, and receives request data from the API endpoints.",
  "sinks": "The code does not process or write untrusted data directly; it validates incoming data via serializers, and the dynamic import could potentially load malicious code if _serializer_class is compromised.",
  "flows": "Request data flows into serializers, which are dynamically imported; then validated, and responses are generated based on validation. The import_string function dynamically loads serializer classes based on configuration.",
  "anomalies": "Potential concern with dynamic import of serializer classes via import_string. If _serializer_class is tampered with or set insecurely in configuration, it could load malicious code. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No suspicious external calls or network activity observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines API views for JWT token handling, using configurable serializer classes loaded via import_string. The dynamic import introduces a possible attack vector if _serializer_class is compromised, but in typical secure setups, this is controlled via configuration. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive data. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior evident. The code structure appears standard and does not include any obfuscated or suspicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of JWT-based token views with dynamic serializer loading. The only potential security concern is the dynamic import, which should be controlled via secure configuration. No malware or malicious behavior is detected; overall security risk is low if configuration is trusted.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}