{
  "purpose": "The code dynamically registers UDFs (user-defined functions) for evaluating NLP scores (BLEU, ROUGE, METEOR) on dataset responses, based on provided configuration and reference corpus.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration parameters (_corpus, _scores, _rouge_type), and the 'text' input to the registered UDF functions during their execution.",
  "sinks": "The UDF functions process 'text' data and compute evaluation scores; these do not involve untrusted data affecting system security or leaking sensitive information.",
  "flows": "Configuration parameters are set during init(), which updates global variables. The registered UDFs process 'text' inputs to compute scores, but there are no external data sinks or network activity present.",
  "anomalies": "Potential logical flaw: inside the 'rouge_score' function, the code uses 'predictions=[text]' instead of 'predictions=[response]', which appears to be a bug rather than malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. No obfuscation or suspicious code constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code loads evaluation models and registers UDFs for NLP metrics, controlled by configuration. It contains a possible logical bug in 'rouge_score' where 'text' is used instead of 'response' during computation, which affects correctness but is not malicious. The code does not perform any network communication, system modification, or data exfiltration. There are no hardcoded secrets or unusual code patterns. The use of 'evaluate' library and dynamic function registration appears legitimate. No malicious activity or malware indicators are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a legitimate NLP evaluation utility with a minor bug in 'rouge_score'. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware is detected. The code does not pose security risks beyond potential functional bugs. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}