{
  "purpose": "Helper class for fetching and parsing configuration data from AWS AppConfig service, supporting JSON, YAML, and plain text formats.",
  "sources": "User-supplied configuration parameters, AWS AppConfig API responses, optional YAML library, environment variables if set externally, network responses from AWS.",
  "sinks": "Configuration data stored in internal variables; network calls to AWS (start_configuration_session, get_latest_configuration). No evident data leaks or external data exfiltration points.",
  "flows": "Initialization parameters → AWS AppConfig API calls → Response processing (parsing configuration data) → Internal configuration storage.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code detected. Use of standard AWS SDK calls and data parsing methods. No obfuscated or unusual language features. The code does not perform any network communication beyond AWS API calls. The use of optional YAML parsing library appears standard. The only minor concern could be the lack of explicit validation of configuration data content, but this is typical for configuration loaders.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward helper class for interacting with AWS AppConfig, utilizing boto3 for API calls. It manages configuration sessions, updates, and parsing of JSON/YAML/plain text configurations. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code, no dynamic code execution, and no suspicious data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The class performs network operations only via the AWS SDK, which is a legitimate usage pattern. There is proper exception handling for YAML parsing errors and AWS client errors. The code appears clean and well-structured with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard AWS configuration helper with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. It performs expected operations with no suspicious or malicious signals detected. The implementation follows typical patterns for AWS SDK usage and configuration parsing.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}