{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and class extensions for analyzing and transforming Python AST nodes, mainly for static analysis, refactoring, or code quality purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from AST nodes such as function calls, variable names, string sources, and node attributes. It also accesses code structure during AST traversal.",
  "sinks": "There are no direct sinks that process untrusted data, user input, or network/output operations. The code primarily performs internal analysis and string manipulation.",
  "flows": "Data flows are confined within AST node attributes and source string conversions. No untrusted input reaches external sinks or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code introduces custom AST node subclasses with added attributes like 'parent' and 'previous_sibling' that are not part of the standard AST library, which might suggest an attempt to facilitate node navigation or modifications. No obvious malicious payloads, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The code's broad string manipulation functions could potentially be misused if combined with malicious inputs, but they are designed for code formatting.",
  "analysis": "The script enhances AST node classes with additional navigation attributes, and provides various utility functions for source code string formatting, AST comparison, and structural analysis. The functions operate solely on code structure and text manipulation, with no network or file system operations, no data exfiltration, or code injection points identified. The custom node classes might be used to support advanced code analysis or transformations, but they do not perform any malicious activities. The string handling functions are safe and designed for formatting code snippets. Overall, the code appears to be a static analysis or code refactoring toolkit without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static analysis utility for Python AST, primarily focusing on code structure comparison and string formatting. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data handling are evident. It appears to be safe and intended for code analysis purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}