{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Robot Framework library for posting messages to Slack or Mattermost channels, primarily for reporting test results and statistics.",
  "sources": "Webhook URL input during class instantiation, JSON data in _clean_data, and data returned from robot framework result objects (statistics, result).",
  "sinks": "Requests to the webhook URL, response text output, and potentially user-provided parameters in data that are included in JSON payloads sent over HTTP.",
  "flows": "Webhook URL and message data (text, attachments) flow from library methods (post_message_to_channel) into requests.post, which sends data to the webhook URL.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code observed. The code dynamically creates JSON payloads based on user input, but input is validated against allowed parameters. No suspicious network activity or obfuscated code detected. Exception handling is standard, no data leaks or suspicious behaviors. No evidence of malicious privacy violations, credential theft, or hidden backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a class for reporting test results via webhooks. It includes input validation to prevent arbitrary data injection and standard HTTP request handling. The functions are focused on formatting and posting messages, with no code indicating malicious intent. There are no hardcoded secrets, suspicious external connections, or obfuscated code. The data flows are limited to legitimate test reporting purposes, and all network activity appears to be towards the provided webhook URL. The code uses standard libraries and exception handling. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate reporting utility without malicious features.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a Robot Framework library for posting notifications to chat channels. It contains no malicious or suspicious behavior and follows safe coding practices. No security threats or malware indications are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}