{
  "purpose": "This code is a Robot Framework library for posting notifications to Slack or Mattermost channels, primarily used for reporting test suite and test case results.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'text', 'status', and 'result' objects, and also takes in a webhook URL during initialization.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the 'requests.post' call, which sends JSON data to the specified webhook URL. Also, raising exceptions or printing response text could potentially expose sensitive information if misused.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (text, status, result objects) are validated and formatted into JSON, then sent via HTTP POST requests to the webhook URL. There are no external untrusted data sources beyond function parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or suspicious data handling observed. The code performs typical validation of input parameters and creates formatted messages. No obfuscated or misleading code structures are present. The '_clean_data' method restricts parameters to a known set, preventing injection.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a notification sender for Robot Framework. It validates input parameters, formats JSON payloads, and sends them via HTTP POST to a user-provided webhook. The code does not contain any hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity. It correctly handles exceptions and uses standard libraries for requests. No suspicious or malicious code behaviors, such as data exfiltration or system compromise, are present. The overall structure is clear and focused on notification delivery, with no signs of obfuscation or malware. The 'requests' library usage is standard and limited to sending formatted data to a user-defined URL.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Robot Framework notification library with no detectable malicious behavior. It functions as expected for test reporting purposes and does not contain malicious or obfuscated code segments. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to the potential misuse of the webhook URL if it were compromised, but this is typical for such integrations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}