{
  "purpose": "The code defines a setup script that overrides install and develop commands to execute a function 'notmalfunc' during installation. This function decodes a base64 string and executes it via os.system, allowing for arbitrary code execution if the base64 payload is maliciously populated.",
  "sources": "The base64 string passed to b64d() within notmalfunc(), which is currently empty but designed to decode and execute arbitrary code.",
  "sinks": "The os.system() call executing the decoded string, which could run malicious commands or code if the base64 payload is malicious.",
  "flows": "The base64 string (source) is decoded by b64d(), then passed directly to os.system() (sink), enabling potential malicious code execution during package install or develop commands.",
  "anomalies": "The base64 string in b64d() is empty, but the code structure suggests it is intended to decode and execute arbitrary code, which is suspicious. The use of os.system() with decoded payloads is inherently risky.",
  "analysis": "The script overrides the 'install' and 'develop' commands to run 'notmalfunc', which decodes a base64 string and executes it via os.system. Currently, the string is empty, so no code runs, but the pattern allows for malicious payloads if the string is replaced. The package metadata and URL point to a suspicious repository, indicating malicious intent. The decoding and execution pattern is a common technique in malicious packages to run arbitrary code during installation. The obfuscation is minimal, as base64 decoding is straightforward. The potential for harm is high if the payload is inserted, making the code inherently dangerous. The scores assigned in the reports reflect this potential, with high malware and security risk scores justified by the pattern, despite the current inactivity.",
  "conclusion": "The code pattern is designed to facilitate arbitrary code execution during package installation, representing a significant security risk. Although the current base64 string is empty, the structure is suspicious and could be exploited to run malicious code. The high malware and risk scores are justified by this potential. The package should be treated as malicious or compromised, and caution is advised in its use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.85,
  "securityRisk": 0.9,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}