{
  "purpose": "The script sets up a Python package with custom install and develop commands, with potential malicious behavior embedded in the notmalfunc function.",
  "sources": "The code reads input/data from the base64 string in the b64d function call, which is empty, and executes commands via os.system.",
  "sinks": "The os.system call executes arbitrary code decoded from base64, which can lead to command execution.",
  "flows": "The code decodes base64-encoded string -> executes the decoded string via os.system during package installation.",
  "anomalies": "The b64d function is designed to decode base64 strings, but the string is empty, making the decode operation a no-op or suspicious placeholder. The use of os.system with decoded code is a security risk. The long_description mentions malicious intent, and the URL points to a known malicious GitHub repository. The code structure suggests that if the base64 string were to contain code, it would be executed during install, indicating a backdoor or malicious payload.",
  "analysis": "The script imports setuptools and defines custom install and develop commands that execute a function notmalfunc during installation. notmalfunc calls os.system with a decoded base64 string. Currently, the string is empty, so no command executes, but the design allows for arbitrary code execution if a non-empty base64 string is inserted. The package metadata indicates a malicious purpose, and the URL provided points to a repository associated with malicious activity. The use of dynamic code execution via base64 decoding and os.system during installation is highly suspicious and potentially malicious. The code is intentionally designed to allow remote or hidden execution of arbitrary commands, constituting a backdoor or malicious payload.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains a suspicious mechanism for executing arbitrary code during package installation, which can be exploited for malicious purposes. The empty base64 string currently does nothing, but the structure permits remote code execution if altered. The package metadata and URL support the suspicion of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0.9,
  "securityRisk": 0.9,
  "report_number": 1
}