{
  "purpose": "The code is a setup script for a Python package intended to be distributed via PyPI, with a potentially malicious behavior embedded in the installation process.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from a base64-encoded string within the notmalfunc() function, which is called during installation.",
  "sinks": "The os.system() call executes decoded code from the base64 string, which can lead to arbitrary code execution on the system during package installation.",
  "flows": "The setup process invokes AfterInstall.run(), which calls notmalfunc(), executing os.system(b64d(\"\")). If the base64 string contained malicious code, it would execute here.",
  "anomalies": "The b64d() function decodes base64 data, but in the current code, the string is empty, meaning no code is executed. However, the structure suggests it could be used to decode and execute malicious payloads. Usage of os.system with decoded code is suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The script imports setuptools for package setup and defines a function b64d() to decode base64-encoded code. The function notmalfunc() calls os.system with the decoded string, which can execute arbitrary commands. The custom install class AfterInstall calls notmalfunc() during installation, meaning code can be run automatically when the package is installed. The setup configuration defines package metadata and overrides the install and develop commands with custom classes. The code structure indicates potential for malicious payload delivery through the base64 string in notmalfunc(), though currently empty. The decoding and execution pattern is a typical technique for hiding malicious code, and automatic execution during install is suspicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains a mechanism to decode and execute arbitrary code during package installation, which is a significant security concern. Although the current base64 string is empty, the structure suggests it could be exploited for malicious purposes. This setup script demonstrates high malicious potential.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.75,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 5
}