{
  "purpose": "This setup script is designed to configure a Python package named 'paquete-1' for installation or development, with an emphasis on executing a potentially malicious function during installation.",
  "sources": "The code reads the base64 string in the function notmalfunc(), which is intended to decode and execute code.",
  "sinks": "The os.system call in notmalfunc() executes decoded code from the base64 string, potentially running arbitrary code received from the decoded data.",
  "flows": "Input: base64-encoded string passed to b64d(); Output: decoded string executed via os.system() in notmalfunc(); Potentially malicious code could be embedded in the base64 string, which is then executed during installation.",
  "anomalies": "The b64d() function is used to decode base64 code, and the string passed to it is empty (\"\"), which results in no code execution currently; however, the structure indicates that malicious code could be embedded here. The function notmalfunc() calls os.system() with this decoded code, which is highly suspicious. Additionally, the code's purpose and description hint at malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a Python package with standard metadata. It defines a decoding function that decodes base64-encoded strings. The function notmalfunc() is designed to decode a base64 string and execute it via os.system(). During the installation process, the run() method of the AfterInstall class invokes notmalfunc(), which could execute arbitrary code if the base64 string contains malicious commands. Although the current base64 string is empty, this pattern is typical of malicious packages that embed malicious payloads to execute during setup. The use of the cmdclass to override install and develop commands is a common tactic to run code during package setup. Overall, the code indicates malicious intent, especially given the context and the described purpose in the metadata.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains a suspicious pattern where a potentially malicious payload could be decoded and executed during installation or development setup. Although the current base64 string is empty, the structure suggests an intent to run arbitrary code, representing a significant security risk. The package setup script is likely malicious or compromised.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.9,
  "securityRisk": 0.9,
  "report_number": 2
}