{
  "purpose": "The code provides an API client for managing webhook subscriptions via Square's API, including listing, creating, deleting, retrieving, updating, and testing webhook subscriptions.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include method parameters such as 'api_version', 'cursor', 'include_disabled', 'sort_order', 'limit', 'subscription_id', and request bodies. The code reads these parameters to build HTTP requests.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows into HTTP request parameters (query params, path/template params, headers, request body), which are sent over the network to Square's API endpoint.",
  "flows": "Parameters from function arguments flow into request builders, which serialize them and send requests to specified endpoints. No user input is directly executed as code; data flows from arguments into request construction.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors are present. No suspicious obfuscation or unnecessary dynamic code execution. The code primarily builds and executes HTTP requests with provided parameters.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward API client wrapper for webhook management. It constructs HTTP requests with provided parameters, serializes bodies as JSON, and handles responses via deserializers. No evidence of malicious logic, such as data exfiltration, system modification, or stealth techniques. Use of environment variables or credentials appears controlled via the 'Single' authentication class. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious behavior detected. The code appears to follow standard API client patterns, with no signs of obfuscation or malware. All flows are limited to request construction and response handling, with parameters supplied by the caller.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured API client for managing webhook subscriptions with no apparent malicious intent or security risks. It handles data securely within the scope of API interactions, with no evidence of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}