{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client interface to manage webhooks within the Square API, including listing, creating, updating, deleting, testing, and retrieving webhook subscriptions.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as 'api_version', 'cursor', 'include_disabled', 'sort_order', 'limit', 'subscription_id', and request bodies (body) for create/update/test actions.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request execution via super().new_api_call_builder.request, especially in request bodies and URL path parameters, and environment or configuration data used in request setup.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into request construction (e.g., URL paths, query params, headers, request body), leading to API calls sent over the network. Responses are processed by ResponseHandler.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. No unusual dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors are apparent. Usage of standard request builder pattern is typical. No suspicious URL or command execution. The code adheres to standard API client design.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class to interact with Square's webhook API endpoints, wrapping HTTP methods with request builders and response handlers. All parameters are method arguments, with no embedded secrets or untrusted data sources in the code. The request URLs, headers, and bodies follow expected patterns. The code does not contain any suspicious logic, data exfiltration, or malicious actions. It is a typical API client wrapper. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities within this module. It performs authorized API operations without hardcoded secrets or insecure behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client implementation for managing webhooks in Square's API. It contains no malicious or suspicious behavior, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. The code structure and logic are conventional for such API wrappers.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}