{
  "purpose": "The code generates an HTML visualization of a TensorFlow Lite model, including subgraph rendering and data representation.",
  "sources": "Reads input from a file path (tflite or json), loads model data via flatbuffer deserialization, and processes model attributes and tensors.",
  "sinks": "Writes output to an HTML file; executes JavaScript code for D3 visualization embedded in the HTML; reads model files from disk.",
  "flows": "Reads model file -> deserializes into Python dict -> processes model data -> generates HTML content with embedded JavaScript for visualization -> writes HTML to specified output file.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code detected. The JavaScript visualization code is standard D3.js code for rendering graphs. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is present. External resource inclusion (d3.js) is standard and safe.",
  "analysis": "The script processes TFLite models or JSON representations, converting flatbuffer data into nested dictionaries for visualization. It includes functions to map enum values to human-readable strings, generate HTML tables, and produce D3.js-based SVG visualizations. The code handles file input validation, model data parsing, and HTML output generation in a structured manner. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The JavaScript visualization code is typical and sourced from a trusted CDN (d3js.org). The code does not perform any suspicious operations like executing untrusted code or accessing environment variables for malicious purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a visualization tool for TensorFlow Lite models, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It safely reads model files, processes data, and outputs an HTML visualization without executing or including any suspicious payloads. The external JavaScript library is a standard visualization library, not a vector for malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}