{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions for evaluating models, particularly in segmentation and statistical significance testing contexts, including sampling, performance metrics, and results formatting.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as reference annotations, model outputs, and sample configurations. It also reads environment variables implicitly via the random seed but does not explicitly access environment variables.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain explicit network connections, file writing, or system command executions. No external data exfiltration or malicious system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data (reference annotations, model predictions, sample configurations) flow into evaluation methods, which process and compute metrics, with results stored internally. No flow to external systems or network connections is present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are detected. The use of random.seed for sampling is standard. The presence of statistical testing functions and formatting is typical for evaluation scripts.",
  "analysis": "The script defines data structures and functions for model evaluation, sampling, and statistical analysis, including classes for storing results, sampling mechanisms, and statistical tests. It uses standard Python libraries without obfuscated or malicious constructs. No network activity, file I/O, or system modifications are performed. The code appears to be a legitimate evaluation framework, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign evaluation and statistical analysis utility, with no signs of malware or security risks. It performs model evaluation, sampling, and significance testing using standard techniques. No malicious behavior, data leakage, or sabotage mechanisms are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}