{
  "purpose": "This code provides decorators for runtime contract programming, including preconditions, postconditions, invariants, and snapshots, to enforce correctness constraints on functions and classes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function arguments, traceback for location info, and potentially from provided callables used as conditions or capture functions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable sinks include raising exceptions, which could be manipulated if condition or error callables are malicious, but no direct data leaks or external network actions are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function arguments to condition evaluations and error handlers; exception raising is used for contract violations. No external or network data flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code appears standard for a contract programming library. The traceback info is captured for debugging but not used maliciously. No obfuscated code, no use of dynamic code execution, or misleading variables are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several decorators for design-by-contract programming: 'require', 'snapshot', 'ensure', and 'invariant'. Each decorator sets up preconditions, postconditions, invariants, or argument snapshots. They utilize internal checkers to attach these constraints to functions or classes, with support for enabling/disabling based on debug mode. The code performs standard validation of input parameters, manages stack trace info for debugging, and interacts with internal checker functions. No signs of malicious behavior, network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are detected. The only potential concern is the use of traceback for location info, but it is used solely for debugging purposes and not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of runtime contract decorators for Python, with no malicious intent or security threats. It is designed for correctness enforcement, not for data exfiltration, network communication, or system sabotage.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}