{
  "purpose": "The code defines decorators for runtime contract checking, including preconditions, postconditions, invariants, and argument snapshots for Python functions and classes.",
  "sources": "The code reads function arguments, traceback information for location, and uses internal utility functions to access or modify checkers and invariants.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with icontract._checkers to add preconditions, postconditions, invariants, and snapshots. It also retrieves stack frames for location info. No data is sent over network or stored externally.",
  "flows": "Input data (function arguments, traceback info) flows into contract objects. These objects are added to checker stacks and associated with functions or classes via internal utility functions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior, backdoors, or hidden functionality. The code appears to be standard implementation of contract decorators with proper validation and no hardcoded secrets or external calls.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard modules and icontract internal utilities. It defines decorators for preconditions (require), postconditions (ensure), snapshots (snapshot), and invariants (invariant). Each decorator validates its parameters, captures location info, and attaches contract objects to functions or classes via internal checkers. Checks for async conditions are appropriately handled, and errors are raised for misconfigurations such as missing postconditions when adding snapshots. The logic is consistent with standard design patterns for contract programming. No suspicious data flows, external network interactions, or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of runtime contract enforcement decorators for Python. There are no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It primarily interacts with internal icontract modules for managing contracts. Overall, it appears safe and well-structured.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}