{
  "purpose": "The code provides asynchronous functions for removing files and directories from various storage backends (Azure, Google Cloud, Local filesystem) and includes utilities for globbing and recursive directory removal.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as paths provided to remove, glob_remove, rmtree, and their respective implementations. External requests are made via the Request class for cloud providers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the execution of removal requests to cloud services, calls to os.remove and shutil.rmtree for local deletions, and the use of executor.map_unordered to process multiple deletions asynchronously.",
  "flows": "Paths provided to removal functions are used to generate URL requests or filesystem commands, which are then executed to delete data. The flow involves input path parameters -> request or filesystem operation -> deletion of files/directories.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network calls, or unusual behavior are detected. The code performs standard delete operations using provided paths and makes use of asynchronous patterns for concurrency.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement standard asynchronous deletion procedures for cloud and local filesystems. It uses well-structured request handling for cloud APIs with error handling for common issues like FileNotFound. There are no signs of obfuscation, hidden code, or malicious data exfiltration. The use of the Request class for cloud operations is typical for SDK-based interactions. The use of shutil.rmtree and os.remove are standard filesystem operations. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network behavior are present. Overall, the code seems safe and does not exhibit malicious or sabotage behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate file and directory removal operations across multiple storage backends without indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It adheres to standard practices and does not contain suspicious or malicious code patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}