{
  "purpose": "The code provides asynchronous functions for removing files and directories across different storage types, including local filesystems and cloud storage services (Azure and Google Cloud). It supports glob-based removal and recursive directory deletion.",
  "sources": "The code reads input paths from function parameters such as 'path' and 'glob_scandir', and from method calls like 'path.format_url()' and 'isdir()'.",
  "sinks": "The code performs file deletion via 'os.remove()', 'shutil.rmtree()', and network requests through the 'Request.execute_reponseless()' method, which interacts with cloud storage delete endpoints.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (sources) through functions like 'remove', 'glob_remove', and 'rmtree_iterator', reaching sinks such as 'os.remove()', 'shutil.rmtree()', or network requests for deleting cloud objects. Cloud URL formatting and 'isdir()' checks influence control flow but do not process untrusted data directly.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or secrets are present. The code uses standard libraries and well-defined external request functions. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is detected. Exception handling is straightforward. No hidden or backdoor behavior is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines asynchronous removal functions for cloud (Azure and Google) and local paths. It constructs network requests with proper HTTP methods and status code handling. 'os.remove' and 'shutil.rmtree' are used for local file deletion. Functions handle errors like 'FileNotFoundError' and 'IsADirectoryError' appropriately. The 'glob_remove' function leverages an executor to delete multiple matching files asynchronously. The 'rmtree_iterator' function handles recursive directory deletion with proper order and marker file handling. Overall, the code appears to perform legitimate file and directory removal operations without any suspicious or malicious activity. There are no hardcoded secrets, no network activity outside the specified cloud APIs, and no unusual code patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements standard, expected functionality for remote and local file deletion, with proper error handling and asynchronous execution. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The code is safe and performs legitimate file management tasks.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}