{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for setting up Python logging with customizable format, log levels, and handlers (stream and file handlers).",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters such as 'file_name', 'logger_name', 'log_level', and 'format'. It also reads configuration values for logging levels.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can be written to log files specified by 'file_name' or output to stdout via stream handler. No direct data leaks or system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (file_name, logger_name, log_level, format) are used to configure loggers and handlers. Log data flows from source parameters into handlers which write to output streams or files.",
  "anomalies": "Variable names are obfuscated with nonsensical strings, which could hinder code comprehension but do not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No use of eval, exec, or dynamic code execution detected. No suspicious network activity or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions to create logging handlers with customizable formats and levels, and a function to configure a logger with optional file and console output. The code includes level validation and handler setup logic. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system damage. Obfuscation appears to be limited to variable names, which seems intended for code hiding or confusion but not malicious. No anomalies like hardcoded secrets or malicious code constructs are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate logging setup utility with obfuscated variable names. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. It poses minimal security risk; the main concern might be the obfuscation which reduces code readability but does not introduce security issues.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}