{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions to set up logging handlers and configure loggers with specified formats, levels, and output destinations.",
  "sources": "Parameters such as 'format', 'file_name', 'logger_name', and 'log_level' influence logger configuration; no untrusted input reading or external data sources are present.",
  "sinks": "The logger outputs to stdout or a specified file; no data leaks or untrusted data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Parameters flow into handler creation and logger configuration functions, influencing formatter and level settings, but no data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "Variable names are intentionally obfuscated, which hampers readability but does not indicate malicious intent. The 'file_name' parameter could be misused if externally controlled, but within this code, it is just a parameter.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard logging setup with obfuscated variable names. It validates log levels, creates handlers, sets formatters, and manages handler addition and propagation. No network activity, code injection, or malicious behavior is detected. The obfuscation is superficial and does not suggest malicious intent. The only potential security concern is if 'file_name' is derived from untrusted input, which could lead to path traversal or overwriting issues, but this is not evidenced here. The malware score is appropriately zero; the obfuscation score is moderate due to variable naming; the security risk score is low, primarily due to obfuscation and parameter handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard logging utility with obfuscated variable names. No malicious behavior or security threats are present. The main concern is obfuscation affecting readability, not security. The potential filename parameter could be misused if sourced externally, but no such context is provided. Overall, the code is safe and suitable for use in production environments with standard precautions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.5,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}