{
  "purpose": "The code defines functions for configuring logging handlers with customizable formats, log levels, and output destinations (console or file).",
  "sources": "Reading input parameters such as 'file_name', 'log_level', and 'logger_name'. No untrusted external input sources like network or user input are explicitly read within this code.",
  "sinks": "The 'file_name' parameter used in FileHandler could potentially be exploited if user-controlled, leading to file path manipulation or overwriting sensitive files. The log level parameter is mapped from string inputs, which are controlled within the function.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('file_name', 'log_level') influence logger configuration; 'file_name' is used to create a file handler that writes logs to disk, and 'log_level' controls the verbosity of the logs.",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or malicious payloads. The code is straightforward, setting up logging handlers. The variable names are obfuscated but do not imply malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a modular way to set up logging handlers for console and file outputs. It validates the 'log_level' input against predefined levels, raising exceptions for invalid levels. It uses the 'file_name' parameter to create a file handler, which could be a concern if 'file_name' is user-controlled, but no direct untrusted input reading is present. No suspicious code, network activity, or backdoors are present. The variable names are intentionally obscure, but the logic appears benign and typical of logging setup routines.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard logging configuration utility with no evidence of malicious behavior. It could pose a security concern if 'file_name' is derived from untrusted input, leading to potential file path manipulation, but within this code snippet, there are no direct security violations. Overall, it appears safe and intentional.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}