{
  "purpose": "The code provides a wrapper for creating and managing a ternary plot using matplotlib and python-ternary, including features like background customization, labels, gridlines, and various plot types.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters (e.g., labels, positions, data for plots), attributes of the class instance (e.g., scale, axis limits), and external modules. It also connects to matplotlib events for redrawing.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include matplotlib's text annotations, figure saving, and legend handling. No untrusted data flows directly into system commands, network, or sensitive data leakage functions.",
  "flows": "User input (labels, plot data, configuration parameters) flows into plotting functions, text annotations, and figure rendering. Callbacks connected to resize/draw events trigger label redraws. Background settings and plot customizations modify the matplotlib axes.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, unusual code constructs, or obfuscation. Callback functions are standard, and external module calls appear normal. The code uses standard matplotlib and third-party plotting, with no suspicious data handling.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured wrapper for plotting, with clear functions for setting labels, gridlines, background, and plotting data. It connects resize and draw events for dynamic label updating. It interacts solely with matplotlib and a local helper module, with no network calls, system commands, or data exfiltration mechanisms. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code's purpose aligns with visualization, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate plotting wrapper with no evidence of malicious behavior. It handles visualization tasks securely, with standard event handling and plotting routines. No malicious activity or sabotage signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}