{
  "purpose": "The code provides an asynchronous client for interacting with Google's AutoML Prediction API, enabling online and batch predictions with various ML scenarios.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (collections, logging, re, typing), Google API core modules, google.cloud.automl_v1 types, and internal client and transport modules. Environment variables and function parameters influence behavior.",
  "sinks": "Network calls via wrapped RPC methods (predict, batch_predict) that send requests to external Google services; no other data sinks or external data exfiltration points detected.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., name, payload, config) flows from function arguments to request objects, which are then passed to network RPC methods. Metadata and headers are constructed and sent during RPC calls. Responses are awaited and returned.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors observed. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution present. The code is a standard generated client library with normal structure. No suspicious network domain or data exfiltration mechanisms detected. No unusual behavior, such as attempts to access environment variables for secrets, or hidden code paths.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly follows the pattern of a generated Google Cloud client SDK, utilizing proper request/response handling, retry logic, and async context management. It uses standard libraries and Google API core modules without any signs of malicious modifications. No code injection, credential theft, or privacy violations are evident. The network interactions are limited to legitimate API endpoints. All logic aligns with typical API client behavior. No anomalies or malicious signals identified.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate auto-generated client library for Google's AutoML Prediction service, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs expected API interactions securely and responsibly.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}