{
  "purpose": "Review open-source dependency code for malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks, focusing on code analysis, obfuscation, and suspicious patterns.",
  "sources": "Environment variables, dynamic code execution (eval/exec), network operations, file I/O, string manipulations.",
  "sinks": "Network communication, command execution, data exfiltration points, environment variable access.",
  "flows": "Sources such as environment variables or input data flow into eval/exec, network functions, or file operations, potentially leading to malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of obfuscation, dynamic code execution, complex string manipulations, suspicious network activity, hardcoded secrets, or unusual code structures.",
  "analysis": "The code exhibits signs of obfuscation and dynamic execution in reports 2 and 5, with network activity suggesting potential malicious intent. Reports 1 and 4 lack suspicious features, aligning with their low scores. Report 3 provides no code, appropriately scored as neutral. The scores for malware and obfuscation are consistent with the described behaviors, with reports 2 and 5 justifying higher suspicion. Slight adjustments to malware scores for reports 2 and 5 to 0.75 are recommended to better reflect their suspicious features. Overall, the scores are coherent with the evidence, indicating moderate to high risk in some cases and benign in others.",
  "conclusion": "Most reports accurately reflect the security posture based on their descriptions. Reports 2 and 5 demonstrate signs of obfuscation and dynamic code execution, warranting higher malware scores (~0.75). Reports 1 and 4 are benign, with scores at zero or minimal. Report 3's lack of code justifies zero scores. Overall, the assessment suggests moderate overall risk (~0.55), with higher concern in reports 2 and 5. The scores are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.75,
  "securityRisk": 0.55,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}