{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions for modeling, estimation, and simulation of ARCH family models, including mean models like ConstantMean, ZeroMean, ARX, HARX, and their combinations, with no external data transmission or malicious activity.",
  "sources": "Internal data flow within numerical computations, model parameter handling, and data transformations. No external data leaks, network activity, or side effects are present.",
  "sinks": "No external data transmission, file I/O, or network operations. Data is processed internally within the functions and classes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through model classes, estimation routines, and simulation functions, remaining within the process. No external data sinks or side effects are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code constructs are present. The code relies on standard libraries and modeling techniques.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard statistical models for financial time series analysis, utilizing numpy, pandas, and scipy. It contains classes for different mean models and a factory function for model creation. The functions perform internal data handling, parameter estimation, simulation, and forecasting without external communication. No obfuscation, malicious code, or security vulnerabilities are evident. The data flow is confined within the process, with no external data leaks or side effects. The code's purpose aligns with open-source modeling libraries, and its structure is transparent and well-documented.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, transparent implementation of ARCH family models with no signs of malicious activity or obfuscation. It is safe for use in production environments. The assigned malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk is minimal (~0.1), consistent with standard open-source statistical modeling code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}