{
  "purpose": "The code provides deprecated wrapper functions to access and modify thread-local storage related to Zipkin tracing attributes and spans, intended for use in distributed tracing systems.",
  "sources": "The code reads from imported modules such as get_default_tracer() and ThreadLocalStack(), and accesses internal attributes and methods like _context_stack._storage and _span_storage.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write untrusted data to external systems or perform network operations, but it calls get_default_tracer() and ThreadLocalStack().pop(), which may internally access external resources if improperly configured.",
  "flows": "Function calls to retrieve or modify thread-local Zipkin attributes or span storage, which may influence tracing data collected or propagated across processes or services.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily annotated with deprecation warnings, indicating it is outdated and no longer recommended for use. It relies on internal, underscore-prefixed attributes such as _context_stack._storage and _span_storage, which could be considered fragile or potentially unsafe if internal implementations change. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code is present. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic execution is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides deprecated wrapper functions around internal tracing storage mechanisms. These functions log warnings to inform users about deprecation and encourage migration to newer APIs. They access internal attributes like _context_stack._storage and _span_storage, which are internal and could be considered risky if misused. No malicious intent or malware behavior is evident. The functions do not perform network operations, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The use of internal attributes suggests reliance on implementation details, but no malicious or harmful activity is apparent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is intended to maintain compatibility with older versions of a tracing system and does not exhibit malicious behavior. Its reliance on internal, deprecated attributes poses potential stability concerns but does not suggest security risks or malware. Overall, the code is benign but outdated, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}