{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for curve and surface interpolation and approximation using B-Splines, based on algorithms from 'The NURBS Book'.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data points from function parameters such as 'points', 'size_u', 'size_v', and 'degree'. It also computes parameters via functions like 'compute_params_curve' and 'compute_params_surface'.",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical computations and solves linear systems via functions like 'linalg.lu_solve', 'linalg.matrix_multiply', and 'linalg.forward_substitution'. No untrusted external data sources, network operations, or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Input data points (sources) are processed through parameter computations and basis functions to build matrices; these matrices are then used to solve for control points (sinks). There are no external untrusted flows or data leaks identified.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for B-spline interpolation and approximation. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious function calls are present. All functions utilize mathematical libraries and standard algorithms from 'The NURBS Book'. The presence of a placeholder 'pass' in '_build_coeff_matrix_ders' indicates incomplete implementation but no malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code implements mathematical algorithms for B-spline interpolation and approximation, including knot vector computation, parameterization, basis function evaluation, and linear system solving. It uses standard mathematical techniques and references well-known algorithms. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or system modification. The code is structured for legitimate computational geometry purposes. The placeholder function suggests incomplete development but not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of B-spline curve and surface interpolation and approximation algorithms. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The only notable aspect is an incomplete function, which does not imply malicious activity but indicates pending development.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}