{
  "purpose": "The code functions as a client library to interact with a surveillance server (likely Xeoma), fetching images, handling authentication, and parsing server responses. It employs obfuscated class and method names, base64 encoding for credentials, and regex parsing of URLs and embedded data.",
  "sources": "HTTP GET requests to server URLs, reading response headers and content, decoding base64 credentials, parsing HTML/response text with regex.",
  "sinks": "Network requests (session.get), decoding and returning image data, encoding credentials for URL parameters.",
  "flows": "Input data from URL and credentials -> encoding/decoding credentials -> HTTP requests -> response headers/content -> regex parsing and base64 decoding -> output image data or parsed info.",
  "anomalies": "Highly obfuscated class/method names, use of base64 encoding for credentials, regex parsing of server responses, complex control flow, and dynamic URL construction. No explicit malicious code or payloads detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a heavily obfuscated client for a surveillance system, employing techniques such as base64 encoding, regex parsing, and dynamic URL handling. It manages credentials securely in memory but encodes them, which could be misused. No signs of malicious payloads, data exfiltration, or system compromise are evident. The obfuscation and credential handling are suspicious but not conclusive of malicious intent. The malware score is low (around 0.2), reflecting the absence of active malicious behavior. The obfuscation score is high (~0.75), justified by the non-descriptive naming and encoding techniques. The security risk is moderate (~0.4), considering obfuscation and credential management practices, but no active threats are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate but obfuscated surveillance client, with techniques that could be used to hide malicious activity. However, based solely on static analysis, there is no evidence of malware or malicious behavior. The scores assigned are consistent with the analysis: low malware risk (~0.2), high obfuscation (~0.75), and moderate security risk (~0.4). Continuous monitoring is recommended if deployed in sensitive environments.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}