{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a class for interacting with Coinbase Pro API, providing methods for account management, trading, deposits, withdrawals, and reporting.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters for API calls, URL endpoints, JSON dumps, and some class attributes related to API keys and limits.",
  "sinks": "The code sends data via API calls using methods like 'MkTOqdyhHPAVotGTIKHwKBDprjLYZwi', passing JSON-encoded data, and potentially exposing sensitive info via API requests.",
  "flows": "Input data (API keys, parameters) flows into API request methods, which serialize data (json.dumps) and send requests. Responses are processed through functions that parse and return data, sometimes involving sensitive data handling.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated import names and class/method names, presence of hardcoded API URL, potential non-standard method naming, and unusual attribute names such as 'bQriIbFirSkWZDgneCFogsBgDfYtJCVz'. No explicit malicious code (e.g., network connections to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, backdoors) detected. The code uses json.dumps for data serialization, but no apparent data leaks or hidden behaviors. No hardcoded credentials are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a subclass extending a Coinbase API client, with numerous methods for account info, orders, transfers, deposits, withdrawals, and reports. The import statements use obfuscated names, which might be intended to hide dependencies but are not inherently malicious. Methods handle API requests and process data, with no suspicious network activity or data exfiltration observed. Sensitive parameters like API keys are expected to be passed in, but no hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The structure is complex but appears consistent with a typical API wrapper, with no indications of backdoors or malicious logic. The code's obfuscation of class and method names might be suspicious but does not necessarily indicate malware. Overall, the code is benign in behavior, assuming it functions as a standard Coinbase API client.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code functions as a wrapper for Coinbase Pro API interactions. Although the naming obfuscation and import choices are unusual, there is no clear evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The code performs standard API request handling, with no apparent supply chain attack or malware. It should be considered low risk but reviewed for proper API key management and execution context. Confidence is moderate, primarily due to obfuscated naming, but no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}