{
  "purpose": "Implementation of Hensel lifting for square roots modulo prime powers, used for mathematical computations related to modular arithmetic.",
  "sources": "Imports egcd module, function arguments, input parameters to functions (root, prime, exponent), input validation checks, and internal calculations within the hensel function.",
  "sinks": "Return statements of the hensel function, especially in modular arithmetic calculations, and the _inv function which performs modular inverse computations.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are validated and processed; the main logic computes modular roots and performs Hensel lifting, with data flowing from inputs through calculations to outputs. The egcd import is used for modular inverse, and the results are returned after mathematical processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The code performs purely mathematical operations for modular arithmetic. No obfuscated or overly complex dynamic code execution observed. Use of external egcd library is standard for such tasks.",
  "analysis": "The code implements mathematical functions related to Hensel lifting, including modular inverse calculation and exponent extraction, with thorough input validation and comprehensive example tests. It relies on a well-understood mathematical approach and external library (egcd) for inverses. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. The code appears focused solely on mathematical computation. The use of doctests indicates intent for correctness verification. No obfuscated or suspicious code structures are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical implementation for Hensel lifting without any signs of malicious intent. It performs legitimate modular arithmetic operations, validated by extensive examples, with no indication of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}