{
  "purpose": "Implement Hensel lifting for square roots modulo prime powers, providing a mathematical utility for number theory and cryptographic applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as root, prime, and exponent; imports modules egcd and doctest; functions _inv and _exp compute modular inverse and exponentiation details.",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical computations; no apparent sinks directly involve untrusted data leaks or malicious actions; no network or file I/O is present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (root, prime, exponent) are validated and used in calculations; the functions compute modular inverses, exponentiation, and perform Hensel lifting based on these inputs, with no external data flows or side effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive input validation, no hardcoded credentials, or suspicious control flow. The mathematical functions and variable names are consistent with number theory. No obfuscated code or hidden logic is present. It appears to be a straightforward mathematical implementation.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a mathematical utility to perform Hensel lifting for square roots modulo prime powers, utilizing modular arithmetic, inverses, and exponent calculations. It imports a potentially external egcd function, which is standard for computing modular inverses. The functions are well-documented with doctest examples demonstrating correctness. There are no network calls, file operations, or external data sources, nor any dynamic code execution or suspicious logic. The input validation is thorough, with explicit type and value checks. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The core logic implements mathematical algorithms in a standard way, with clear purpose and no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate mathematical implementation of Hensel lifting for square roots modulo prime powers. It appears free from malicious behavior or security risks. It performs numerical computations with proper validation, and no external malicious activities are detected. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}