{
  "purpose": "This module defines custom exception classes for PyXB, extending standard exception behavior to handle specific XML schema and binding validation errors.",
  "sources": "The code reads only from imported modules (pyxb, pyxb.utils.six, pyxb.namespace, pyxb.binding), class instantiations, and string literals. No external input or untrusted data sources are read.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present that could lead to data leaks, remote connections, or system modifications. No sensitive data handling, network operations, or file I/O is observed.",
  "flows": "There are no data flows from untrusted sources to sinks. Exception instantiations and string formatting are isolated and do not process external or untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "The code solely defines exception classes with no execution or logic that could be malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscated code, or suspicious constructs are detected. The licensing comments are standard. There are no dynamic code evaluations, network calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of class definitions for various exception types related to XML schema validation and binding errors within the PyXB library. It imports standard and third-party modules but does not process any external input or perform any actions beyond class definitions. No code that executes, modifies files, connects to networks, or leaks data is present. The exception classes are standard for schema validation purposes and do not contain any malicious logic. No signs of malware, sabotage, or malicious payloads are identified.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward collection of custom exception classes used in the PyXB library for XML binding validation. It does not include any malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It appears to be benign, well-structured, and purely for error handling within the library.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}