{
  "purpose": "The provided code implements a GUI table view widget using tkinter and ttkbootstrap, allowing data display, manipulation, filtering, sorting, and exporting.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data during initialization (coldata, rowdata), user interactions via mouse clicks and keyboard events, and file dialog interactions for exporting data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include file writing operations for exporting CSV data and user-initiated commands that modify or delete table data, but no malicious external network activity or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from internal row and column data structures into the Treeview for display; user actions trigger methods that manipulate these data structures or perform file I/O, with no external data exfiltration or command execution observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. The code employs standard tkinter and ttkbootstrap methods; no obfuscation, hidden code, or dynamic execution mechanisms are present. There is usage of file dialogs for exporting, which is standard for data export features.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for table columns, rows, and the main Tableview widget, incorporating features like sorting, filtering, pagination, column management, and data export. All methods follow expected patterns for GUI data handling. No suspicious network activity, hidden code, or malicious commands are evident. File export functions use standard file dialogs and CSV writing, with no indication of malicious data interception or exfiltration. The code relies on user input and file operations typical of a GUI application. There are no signs of code injection, credential theft, or malicious privilege escalation. Overall, the code appears well-structured and focused on GUI data management without any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard GUI data table implementation with comprehensive features for data display and manipulation. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are identified. The code employs common patterns and standard library functions, with no suspicious network activity or hidden operations detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}