{
  "purpose": "The code substitutes environment variables within strings, supporting simple and extended syntax forms, primarily for use in scripts or command-line applications.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from a file specified by command-line argument or from standard input; environment variables accessed via os.environ; command-line arguments accessed via sys.argv.",
  "sinks": "Data is written to standard output via sys.stdout.write. Environment variables are accessed using os.environ.get and sys.argv.",
  "flows": "Input data is read, potentially decoded, then processed through envsubst which performs regex-based substitution of variables using _resolve_var, _repl_simple_env_var, and _repl_extended_env_var, then output is written to stdout.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, no backdoors, no unusual behaviors or obfuscated code. The code's purpose appears to be standard environment variable substitution. The license and comments are standard, and there are no suspicious network operations, cryptographic or reverse shell code, or data leaks. No malicious privacy violations are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a straightforward environment variable substitution with support for default values and different syntax forms. It uses regex patterns to identify variables and replaces them with environment variable values or command-line arguments. No suspicious or malicious functions, such as network communication, file modification, or data exfiltration, are present. The functions and imports are standard and serve a typical purpose. The code does not include any obfuscated constructs, hidden backdoors, or malicious logic. All data flows are safe, and environment variables are accessed in a standard way. No signs of malware or malicious intent are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign environment variable substitution utility. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks. The implementation appears standard and safe for legitimate use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}