{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom Django model field classes and a utility class for displaying model data safely, primarily for use within a Django application.",
  "sources": "Imports from Django modules, reading of model fields, and the class methods accessing model attributes such as 'name' and 'depth'.",
  "sinks": "Escape functions and mark_safe for rendering HTML; class methods returning string identifiers.",
  "flows": "Model attribute access (safe_translation_getter, depth) → HTML escaping and safe marking; method calls returning string identifiers.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated class and variable names, which may suggest attempt to hide intent. There are no direct network calls, file operations, or environment variable accesses. No hardcoded credentials or obvious malicious patterns. No data exfiltration or backdoors evident. The use of mark_safe is cautious, as it escapes content before marking safe, but combined with obfuscation raises suspicion.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines custom Django form fields and model fields with obfuscated class names. The methods handle safe translation retrieval and HTML rendering, with error handling that raises ImproperlyConfigured exceptions. The obfuscation of class names and the minimal, indirect data handling could be an attempt to hide malicious intent, but there is no concrete evidence of malicious behavior such as network activity, file manipulation, or data exfiltration. The use of mark_safe and escape is typical in Django for safe HTML rendering, not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be designed for standard Django model and form field customization, but the obfuscation warrants caution.",
  "conclusion": "This code is primarily for defining Django custom fields and display logic with obfuscated class names. No malicious activity or malicious code patterns are evident. The obfuscation might be an attempt to conceal intent, but based on the content, it appears to serve legitimate purposes. No signs of malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}