{
  "purpose": "Utilities for estimating query complexity based on Spark DataFrame input sizes and query plan analysis.",
  "sources": "Reading input file paths via df.inputFiles(); accessing Spark internal Java objects and Hadoop file system to retrieve file sizes; extracting and analyzing query plan string via df._jdf.queryExecution().analyzed().toString()",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe access to Spark internal Java objects; use of eval-like string analysis of query plans; no direct data leaks or network communication observed",
  "flows": "Input file paths → Hadoop FileSystem calls to get file sizes → Query plan string extraction → String analysis to count operations → Calculation of complexity based on sizes and plan features",
  "anomalies": "Use of internal Spark Java objects (e.g., _jsc, _jvm) without validation; reliance on string count methods for query plan analysis which could be manipulated if plan contents are maliciously crafted; exception handling suppresses errors silently; no validation of retrieved file sizes or query plan content",
  "analysis": "The code retrieves input file paths from the DataFrame and accesses Hadoop's FileSystem via Spark's internal Java objects, which could be misused if these objects are compromised, but in standard use they are safe. It then attempts to determine the size of each file, which is typical for input size estimation. The core of the code performs string-based analysis of the query plan to estimate complexity, counting specific keywords such as 'join', 'window', 'aggregate', etc. There is no direct code injection, but the string parsing could be exploited if the query plan string is maliciously crafted. However, since this string is generated internally by Spark, it is unlikely to be influenced externally. Exception handling is generic and silently ignores errors, which could hide issues but does not pose a security risk. Overall, no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors is present. The code does not execute untrusted code or perform suspicious network operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for internal analysis of Spark query plans and input file sizes to estimate complexity. No malicious intent or suspicious behavior is evident; it operates within expected parameters for a utility module. The main potential concern is the handling of internal Spark Java objects, but in normal operation, these are controlled. The string analysis of query plans does not pose a direct security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}