{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for estimating query complexity based on input file sizes and query plan analysis in a Spark environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads input file paths from the DataFrame via df.inputFiles() and accesses Spark and Hadoop internals through df.sparkSession._jsc and df.sparkSession._jvm to retrieve file sizes; it also reads the query plan string from df._jdf.queryExecution().analyzed().toString().",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include access to Java SparkContext and Hadoop FileSystem objects, but no data is written or transmitted externally; the code only reads metadata and query plans.",
  "flows": "Input file paths are retrieved from df.inputFiles() and used to get file sizes; the query plan string is fetched from the internal Java objects; these inputs are used to calculate complexity multipliers without external data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "The code accesses internal Spark and Hadoop Java objects (_jsc, _jvm, _jdf) which are typically intended for internal use and not for external processing, but this is standard for Spark diagnostics. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks are observed. No obfuscation or malicious behavior is evident. The code does not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily reads metadata and query plans for internal analysis. It uses internal Spark Java objects to access file system information and query execution details, which is common in Spark diagnostics. No external network communication, data leakage, or system modifications are present. The logic for complexity estimation is heuristic and based on query plan strings, which are assumed safe. No suspicious or malicious patterns are detected in code structure or behavior. It does not include any obfuscated or hidden code, nor does it handle untrusted input data beyond internal Spark metadata. The internal Java object access is standard for Spark and does not pose security risks by itself. Overall, the code functions as intended for performance estimation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for Spark query complexity estimation, relying on internal Spark APIs to gather metadata and compute heuristics. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling are detected. The use of internal Java objects is consistent with Spark's diagnostic purposes and does not indicate malicious intent. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}