{
  "purpose": "Provides tools for password and hash cracking, file decryption, system unlocking, and network requests, potentially for security testing or malicious activities.",
  "sources": "Downloads external script 'WA.cmd' from GitHub, reads password files, loads proxies and passwords, gathers environment info, and reads input data.",
  "sinks": "Executes 'WA.cmd' via os.startfile, runs subprocess commands ('truecrypt', 'manage-bde'), makes network requests, and performs file extraction/decryption routines.",
  "flows": "Downloads 'WA.cmd' from external URL and executes it; uses subprocess to run decryption/unlocking tools; performs brute-force attempts via multiprocessing; sends network requests with optional proxies; decrypts files based on extension.",
  "anomalies": "Downloads and executes 'WA.cmd' from an untrusted source without validation; runs external system tools for decryption and disk unlocking; no validation or checksum on remote script; code is straightforward but includes capabilities that could be misused.",
  "analysis": "The code includes legitimate security tools such as password and hash crackers, network request automation, and system decryption functions. The critical concern is the 'Active_Windows()' method, which downloads and executes 'WA.cmd' from GitHub without validation, posing a significant security risk. The subprocess calls to external tools could be exploited maliciously. No obfuscation or encrypted payloads are present. The functions could be used legitimately or maliciously. The remote script fetch and execution is the primary red flag, justifying high suspicion. Malware score is set to 0.75 due to remote code execution potential; security risk is similarly high at 0.75. The code's capabilities align with malicious toolkits, especially if the remote script is malicious. Overall, the code should be treated as potentially malicious, with high caution recommended.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains features that could be exploited maliciously, notably the remote download and execution of 'WA.cmd' without validation, along with system decryption and password cracking capabilities. These features justify a high malware score (~0.75) and security risk (~0.75). The code is clear and not obfuscated, but its functionalities pose significant security concerns if misused. It should be considered high risk and potentially malicious, especially in untrusted environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.75,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}