{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Streamlit application that incorporates a custom camera input component, allowing users to capture images through a frontend component and display the resulting image within the app.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the custom component 'camera_input_live' via the _component_func invocation, specifically the base64-encoded string representing image data returned from the frontend.",
  "sinks": "The code decodes the base64 image data and stores it in a BytesIO object, which is then used to display the image in the Streamlit app. No external sinks are present; the data is only used locally within the app.",
  "flows": "Input: user interacts with the frontend component to capture an image. The frontend component returns a base64 string. The server code splits the string to remove the data URL prefix, decodes the base64 content into bytes, and creates a BytesIO object. This object is then used to display the image within the app.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code uses standard libraries for image handling and a declared custom component. The 'base64.b64decode' is used for decoding image data, which is a common practice. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is present. The 'split' operation assumes the data URL prefix is present but does not validate the format, which is not necessarily malicious but could lead to errors if malformed input occurs.",
  "analysis": "The code imports necessary modules and declares a custom frontend component 'camera_input_live' for capturing images. The function 'camera_input_live' calls this component and expects a base64-encoded string in return. It processes the string by splitting on comma to remove the data URL prefix, then decodes the base64 data into a BytesIO stream. The main function demonstrates usage by capturing an image and displaying it. The code does not include any network communication, file writing, or other potentially malicious operations. The only data processing involves decoding an image and displaying it, which is standard for such applications. There are no signs of malicious behavior or security risks in the provided code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a camera input component within a Streamlit app. It safely processes image data without performing any suspicious or malicious actions. There are no indications of malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. The only minor concern is the lack of validation on the format of the base64 data string, which is not inherently malicious but could cause errors if malformed data is received.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}