{
  "purpose": "The code defines various classes and functions to manage dependency injection, including construction, aliasing, singleton pattern, and unresolvable types, mainly for use within a dependency container framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads from function parameters, class initializers, and the imported modules, especially the constructors and resolver functions provided by users.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the get_instance methods, which resolve dependencies, and the resolver functions passed as parameters, which may execute arbitrary code.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input or user-defined resolver functions flow from the function parameters (resolver, constructor) to get_instance methods, which invoke these functions to produce objects or values.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code constructs are present. The code structure is standard for dependency injection frameworks. There is proper use of locking in singleton implementations. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected. The import statements are standard. There is an exception class for blocked types.",
  "analysis": "The code provides dependency management classes such as AsyncConstruction, Construction, Yield, Alias, Singleton, and PlainInstance, which handle various ways of constructing or resolving dependencies. The functions async_construction, construction, and yielding_construction select appropriate classes based on function arity. The normalise function converts arbitrary resolvers into dependency definitions. All these are standard patterns in dependency injection frameworks. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection. The locking mechanism in SingletonWrapper ensures thread safety. The imported modules are typical, and the code uses standard Python features. Overall, the code appears legitimate and safe.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a dependency injection utility module with no apparent malicious intent. It handles dependency resolution safely, with thread-safe singleton pattern implementation and flexible dependency definitions. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}