{
  "purpose": "This code defines various dependency construction strategies and wrappers for a dependency injection system, including support for async, sync, generator-based, aliasing, singleton pattern, and unresolvable types.",
  "sources": "The code reads class and function definitions, import statements, and local variable values within methods. It also inspects input functions and constructors passed as arguments.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain explicit sinks such as network I/O, file I/O, or system commands. The main output is object instances created via constructors, but these are generally safe if constructors are trusted.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input resolver functions/classes through wrapper methods, ultimately resulting in object instances returned by get_instance methods. No untrusted external data flows into sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation patterns. The code's structure is typical for dependency injection frameworks. The Lock object is used for thread safety but poses no malicious risk. No dynamic code execution (like exec) or malicious network activity is present. The use of inspect functions is standard for such frameworks.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically wraps different callable types into dependency definitions, allowing asynchronous, synchronous, generator-based, aliasing, singleton, and fixed object dependencies. It performs type inspection and arity checks to decide which wrapper to instantiate. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The singleton implementation uses thread locking to ensure thread safety, which is standard practice. The import statements and class structures are typical for a dependency injection framework. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate part of a dependency management system without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears benign, implementing a dependency injection pattern with various wrapping strategies. There are no indicators of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. The code relies on standard practices and does not include any suspicious or harmful constructs.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}