{
  "purpose": "This code defines various classes and functions for dependency injection and object construction within a larger system, supporting synchronous, asynchronous, generator-based, and alias-based dependencies.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters (resolvers, constructors, container), and class attributes. It does not read from external sources or untrusted inputs directly.",
  "sinks": "The code invokes user-provided callables (constructors, resolvers), which could potentially execute malicious code if those callables are malicious. No other external sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "User-provided resolvers or constructors are called in various get_instance methods; these are the primary source-to-sink flows. The normalise function may convert arbitrary objects or functions into dependency definitions, which can then be invoked.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code constructs are evident. The code properly uses threading locks for singleton creation, and does not perform network or file operations. The code relies on user-provided functions for constructing dependencies, which could be malicious if those functions are compromised, but this is standard behavior for dependency injection frameworks.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements a dependency injection system with support for async and sync constructors, generators, and aliases. It uses standard patterns such as singleton wrappers and normalising functions. There are no signs of obfuscated code or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or system manipulation. The only potential security concern is the execution of user-provided functions without validation, but this is typical in such frameworks and depends on the trustworthiness of external resolvers. The use of threading locks is appropriate for thread safety.\n\nOverall, the code appears benign, with no malicious intent or malware present. It is a standard dependency management implementation.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a dependency injection framework component that does not contain malicious behavior. Its security risk is low, primarily because it executes user-defined functions without validation, but this is expected behavior in such systems. No signs of malware, backdoors, or sabotage are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}