{
  "purpose": "Define SQLAlchemy ORM models for various database tables related to object detection, probability, scores, features, and metadata in a data processing pipeline.",
  "sources": "Imports from sqlalchemy modules, class attribute definitions, Column definitions, ForeignKey, Index, and __repr__ methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage through string representations (__repr__), foreign key constraints, and index definitions; no direct untrusted input or network operations observed.",
  "flows": "Class attributes and foreign keys connect different models; no indication of data flow from untrusted sources to sinks; __repr__ outputs data without processing untrusted input.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual variable names, inconsistent indexing syntax, and some invalid syntax in Index definitions (e.g., ihUHblgqcPRhCEeWEchUczIygbPhaCcJ=...). The code appears to contain typos or misformatted parts. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of ORM model definitions with columns, foreign keys, and indexes. The class and attribute names are obfuscated or nonsensical, which might be intentional or an obfuscation attempt. There are no dynamic code executions, network operations, or suspicious data handling observed. The __repr__ methods reveal internal identifiers but do not execute untrusted code. Syntax errors or formatting issues in index definitions suggest possible corruption or obfuscation. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden backdoors are apparent. Overall, the code appears to be a set of data models with some anomalies in formatting and naming.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not exhibit clear malicious intent. It appears to be a collection of database model definitions with obfuscated names and some formatting issues. No active malicious behaviors or security risks are evident from the provided fragment. The anomalies seem to be related to naming and syntax errors rather than malicious functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}