{
  "purpose": "Defines SQLAlchemy ORM models for various database tables related to object detection, scoring, features, and metadata.",
  "sources": "Imports SQLAlchemy components; reads from class attribute definitions, Column specifications, and ForeignKey constraints.",
  "sinks": "Uses Column definitions with data types; references to foreign keys; defines __repr__ methods for some classes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from class attribute definitions into database schema; __repr__ methods generate string representations; foreign key relationships link tables.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual class and variable naming patterns that appear obfuscated or auto-generated; the presence of many classes with cryptic names and index definitions with unclear parameters. Index definitions contain suspicious syntax with mismatched parameter assignments (e.g., 'ihUHblgqcPRhCEeWEchUczIygbPhaCcJ='btree') which may indicate obfuscation or tampering.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of SQLAlchemy ORM model definitions with standard data types and foreign key relationships. The class and variable naming are highly unconventional and appear intentionally obfuscated. Index definitions contain syntax errors or unconventional parameter assignments that do not conform to SQLAlchemy standards, suggesting possible malicious obfuscation or corruption. The __repr__ methods are standard. There are no evidence of malicious code such as network activity, system commands, or hidden backdoors. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or insecure behaviors. The obfuscation and syntax anomalies could be an attempt to hide malicious intent or sabotage, but based solely on static code review, no active malicious behavior is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a complex, obfuscated ORM schema with suspicious syntax in index definitions. It does not explicitly perform malicious actions like network communication or system modification. The unusual naming and index syntax anomalies are concerning and may indicate malicious obfuscation or sabotage, but no direct malicious activity is evident from static analysis. The overall security risk is moderate, primarily due to obfuscation anomalies that warrant further dynamic or behavioral review.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 4
}