{
  "purpose": "Define SQLAlchemy ORM models representing various database tables related to object detection, probabilities, scores, features, and related data.",
  "sources": "Read input data from database fields (columns), ForeignKey constraints, and column definitions.",
  "sinks": "Potential data flow to database storage; no evidence of data leakage or untrusted output handling within the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from data inputs (columns, ForeignKeys) through ORM objects, but no untrusted data flows to external systems or network communications are present.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated class and variable names, inconsistent indexing syntax (e.g., 'ihUHblgqcPRhCEeWEchUczIygbPhaCcJ='), some Index definitions with unusual or incorrect syntax, and some complex ForeignKey and constraint definitions. These could be obfuscation or simply code-generation artifacts. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible. Index syntax appears malformed or inconsistent, which is suspicious but likely a formatting issue rather than malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple ORM classes with various columns, primary keys, indexes, and foreign key constraints. Names are intentionally obfuscated or auto-generated, which might suggest code concealment. Index definitions use unusual syntax with strings like 'ihUHblgqcPRhCEeWEchUczIygbPhaCcJ=' which appear to be placeholders or obfuscated identifiers; no actual malicious behavior is evident from the ORM structure itself. ForeignKey constraints link to other tables and do not contain untrusted input. There are no network operations, code injections, or suspicious data handling patterns. The code appears to solely define data models without executing any logic or external actions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of ORM model definitions with obfuscated names and index syntax issues. No evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The obfuscation may be for concealment or auto-generation, but it does not inherently indicate malicious intent. Overall, it appears to be a data schema definition with no active or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}