{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom Tkinter widgets including a DateEntry widget with a date picker popup, a Floodgauge progress bar, and a Meter widget for visualizing progress or measurements, primarily for GUI applications.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (tkinter, datetime, math, PIL, ttkbootstrap) and internal widget methods that access widget properties or external dialogs (Querybox.get_date).",
  "sinks": "Uses the Querybox.get_date method as a data source, which involves user input for date selection, and updates internal variables accordingly. No external network or file operations are observed.",
  "flows": "User interaction flows through clicking the date button in DateEntry to invoke Querybox.get_date, which updates the entry. The Floodgauge and Meter update internal variables and styles based on user input or programmatic changes. No external data flows or command executions are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behavior, hard-coded credentials, or backdoors. The code uses standard GUI components, style settings, and drawing routines. No obfuscated code, malicious code injection, or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs GUI widgets that rely on standard Python and third-party libraries for rendering and user interaction. The DateEntry widget provides a date picker popup that uses Querybox.get_date, which is a standard dialog component. The Floodgauge and Meter widgets use internal variables, image drawing, and style updates for visual feedback. All data flows are confined within user interactions or widget state updates; no network, file I/O, or command execution is present. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or harmful system modifications.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign GUI widget implementation for enhancing Tkinter applications. It contains no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. All interactions and data flows are typical for a GUI component library, and no security risks or malware are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}