{
  "purpose": "The code generates various map symbols for different geometry types and visualization purposes, including colors, styles, and symbol parameters.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as 'symbol_type', 'symbol_style', 'colors', 'cstep', and other kwargs; also the 'geometry_type' and optional parameters provided to 'create_symbol'.",
  "sinks": "Generated symbol dictionaries used for rendering symbols on maps, potentially passed to visualization or rendering systems.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sources) influence the symbol creation logic, which then constructs and returns a symbol dictionary (sink) based on geometry type and options.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain any suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets. Use of 'matplotlib' and 'numpy' appears solely for color handling and visualization, not malicious purposes. No network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification code is present. No obfuscation, encryption, or misleading variables are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs symbol generation for mapping purposes, utilizing color maps and style mappings. It imports 'numpy' and 'matplotlib' for color conversions, which are standard visualization libraries. The code takes various parameters, processes colors, and creates symbol dictionaries based on geometry and symbol type. There are no network operations, file I/O, or system commands that could indicate malicious intent. The logic is straightforward, with no hidden or obfuscated code sections, and no external data fetching or command execution.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured library function for generating map symbols. It does not contain any malicious or sabotage behaviors. The use of external visualization libraries is appropriate for its purpose. Overall, there are no indications of malware or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}