{
  "purpose": "The code generates various symbol configurations for different geometry types to be used in mapping and GIS applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as 'geometry_type', 'symbol_type', 'symbol_style', 'colors', 'cstep', and other keyword arguments. It also imports external modules and constants.",
  "sinks": "The primary output is a dictionary representing the symbol configuration. No direct data sinks or external data transmissions are present. No external system calls or network interactions are made.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are processed and validated; color and style values are assigned and transformed; the resulting dictionary is returned as the symbol configuration object.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are present. Usage of random number generation for color steps is normal for variability, not malicious. The code relies on external libraries such as matplotlib and numpy but does not execute any untrusted code or command injections.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a configuration generator for symbol styling in GIS applications. It imports necessary modules, defines constants and mappings, and processes input parameters to produce symbol dictionaries. The use of random functions for color steps appears to be for aesthetic variation, not malicious intent. No external network connections, command executions, or data exfiltration mechanisms are implemented. All data transformations are internal, and the functions serve a clear, benign purpose. The code handles various symbol types and styles systematically, with input validation and exception handling. Overall, the code appears well-structured for its purpose without any signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign symbol configuration generator for GIS applications. It does not contain malicious behavior, external data leaks, or sabotage mechanisms. It uses standard libraries and practices, with no suspicious network or system operations. The code is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}