{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for generating and displaying map symbols and colormaps for geographic data visualization.",
  "sources": "Input data includes function parameters such as colors, symbol styles, geometry types, and optional parameters like URLs and image data. User inputs for colors, symbol styles, and geometry types are the primary data sources.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the creation of symbol dictionaries that could be used in map rendering, and display of color gradients via matplotlib. There are no direct data leaks or network communications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (colors, styles, geometry types) through processing functions (_cmap2rgb, create_symbol), culminating in symbol dictionaries or visualization outputs. No external untrusted data flows into system-critical components or sensitive areas.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code behaviors such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or hidden network connections are present. The code primarily involves data processing and visualization. There are no dynamic code execution or external system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code defines constants, color maps, and style mappings. The create_symbol function constructs symbol dictionaries based on input parameters, with logic for different geometry types and symbol styles. It uses standard libraries like numpy and matplotlib for color processing and visualization. No network calls, file I/O, or external data manipulations are present. The code appears to be a typical symbol generation utility for GIS applications, with input validation and parameter handling. No indications of malicious intent or malicious code segments are detected. The functions are self-contained, mainly performing data transformations and visualizations without external dependencies beyond standard scientific libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward utility for GIS symbol and colormap creation, with no malicious behavior or security risks identified. It is well-structured for its intended purpose, and no indicators of sabotage or malware are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}