{
  "purpose": "The code provides authentication and authorization handling for a Django web application, including login, logout, and session management via OAuth2/OpenID Connect.",
  "sources": "Data inputs come from user requests (request.GET, request.session), environment variables (possibly in self._redirect_uri), and URL parameters.",
  "sinks": "Redirects, rendering templates, and session handling are key sinks where untrusted data could influence flow or output, especially in redirect URLs and request data.",
  "flows": "Input from request.GET or request.session is processed through authentication flows, with potential redirection based on user input or OAuth responses. Data from request is used in redirects and rendering, with some handling of URLs and error data.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obvious malicious code such as system command execution, data exfiltration, or network calls to suspicious domains. The code appears to follow standard Django authentication flow patterns. There is careful handling of redirect URIs, avoiding open redirect vulnerabilities. No obfuscation or code hiding detected. No backdoors or suspicious network activity are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements OAuth2/OpenID Connect login, logout, and session management with careful handling of redirect URIs and user session data. It uses standard Django practices, including decorators and URL routing. Inputs are request data and environment variables, outputs are redirects and rendered pages. The flow appears straightforward and intended for legitimate authentication workflows. No suspicious logic, external network calls, or secret leakage identified. The code seems well-structured and secure against typical web vulnerabilities such as open redirects or injection, provided self._redirect_uri is managed securely outside this snippet.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate implementation of Django-based OAuth2 authentication. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage. It follows secure practices like avoiding open redirect vulnerabilities and encapsulating authentication logic properly.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}