{
  "purpose": "The code implements an authentication helper for a Django web project, providing login, logout, and session management functionalities using an external web framework. It manages OAuth-like flows and integrates with Django URL patterns and views.",
  "sources": "User request data via request.GET and request.build_absolute_uri(), session data via request.session, URL parameters via request.GET, and input parameters such as next_link and scopes.",
  "sinks": "Render methods (render), redirect URLs, and URL reversing (reverse), which can be influenced by user inputs or session data. No direct data leaks or code execution points are evident.",
  "flows": "Input sources (request.GET, request.session) are processed by methods like auth_response() and login(), with URL parameters influencing redirect URLs. Data flows through authentication flow methods, but no untrusted data directly influence sensitive operations such as system commands or file writes.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no obfuscated code, suspicious hard-coded secrets, or unusual code patterns. It relies on standard Django practices, with no indications of malicious backdoors or secret data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code provides OAuth-like authentication flows and integrates with Django URL patterns. It reads input data mainly from request parameters and session storage, and outputs only redirects and rendered templates. All URL and data handling appears standard. There are no signs of malicious code, such as network communication to suspicious domains, data theft, or hidden backdoors. The functions seem to perform typical auth management tasks without any suspicious behavior. The use of redirect, reverse, and render are standard for web applications, and no unsafe code execution or data leakage is evident. The only potential concern could be the handling of URL parameters for redirects, but this is managed via the OAuth flow and Django's URL functions. No hardcoded secrets, malicious payloads, or malicious behaviors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard Django-based authentication helper, with no evidence of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It implements typical OAuth-like flows and URL management for web authentication. No suspicious or malicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}