{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions for writing audio stems to disk in various formats, including multichannel, multistream, and Native Instruments stems formats, primarily for use in audio processing workflows.",
  "sources": "Reads input data tensors (from arguments), environment variables (via imported modules), and external commands executed through subprocess calls.",
  "sinks": "Outputs audio files in various formats; spawns external processes with subprocess to handle ffmpeg and mp4box commands.",
  "flows": "Input tensors are processed and written to files via write_audio or specialized writers; external commands are invoked for multimedia processing; temporary files are used for intermediate steps in multistream writing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. External commands (ffmpeg, mp4box) invoked securely via subprocess with parameters; temporary files used appropriately. No obfuscated code features detected. No suspicious network activity or system modifications noted. Metadata injection in NIStemsWriter could be scrutinized but is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured module for audio stems writing, supporting multiple formats and leveraging external tools (ffmpeg, mp4box). No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful system modifications. Use of temporary files, subprocess calls, and metadata injection are standard and do not suggest malicious intent. The functions handle audio data securely, with appropriate use of subprocess and file handling. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code patterns found.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate audio processing utility with no malicious intent. It provides various options for writing audio stems and employs external tools securely. No signs of malware, sabotage, or supply chain attacks are evident. The code's purpose aligns with standard audio data processing and storage functions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}