{
  "purpose": "The code is designed for processing volumetric and single-plane calcium imaging data using Suite2p, including running analyses, plotting results, and performing grid searches over parameters.",
  "sources": "Data inputs are read from input TIFF files and file system paths; parameters are set via functions and dicts. The code reads files like 'ops.npy', TIFF images, and numpy arrays such as 'F.npy'.",
  "sinks": "Results are saved as numpy arrays, PNG images, videos (MP4), and model objects. Files are written to specified save paths. No untrusted data is written directly to network or system outside of file outputs.",
  "flows": "Input TIFF files are processed and generate output files such as 'ops.npy', images, and movies. The code loads 'F.npy' for plotting traces. Results are saved to disk. No external network communication or untrusted data transfer is evident.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious or unusual code segments such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The code contains standard processing functions with verbose exception handling. No hidden or malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs data processing, file management, and visualization for neuroimaging data. It includes file existence checks, file renaming, and cleanup operations. No code injection, remote connections, or data exfiltration routines are present. Exception handling is used for robustness but does not indicate malicious intent. External library imports are standard for scientific computing, and optional import of Rastermap is controlled. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical scientific data processing pipeline for calcium imaging analysis with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs legitimate file handling, data analysis, and visualization tasks without any suspicious network activity or data leakage mechanisms.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}