{
  "purpose": "To provide Windows-specific message box functionality using native winapi calls, with fallback to tkinter for unsupported features.",
  "sources": "Reads system information via sys.version_info; uses ctypes.windll.user32.MessageBoxW or MessageBoxA; reads input parameters like text, title, button configuration, icon.",
  "sinks": "Calls Windows MessageBox API directly, which can display messages based on untrusted input; no data output or external network communication.",
  "flows": "User input or function parameters -> messageBoxFunc (Windows API call) -> user response (button clicked) -> return corresponding button text.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. Code includes some misspellings (e.g., 'MB_ICONERRPR', 'MB_ICONEXCLAIMATION', 'MB_ICONINFOMRAITON') which suggest typos but not malicious behavior. Commented-out prompt and password functions are placeholders, not active code. No obfuscated code or hidden logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code interfaces with the Windows API to display message boxes and interprets user responses. It checks for Python version to select appropriate API. The code routes certain calls to the underlying Windows API directly, which is expected for native messaging. No signs of data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious behavior. No external network communication or backdoors are present. The typos in icon constants appear to be documentation or coding errors rather than malicious. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code flow. The commented-out functions are placeholders, not active malware. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate, utility-oriented, and without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script provides native Windows message box functionality with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate utility module for GUI dialogs, with no evidence of sabotage, backdoors, or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}