{
  "purpose": "The code provides Windows-specific message box dialogs using the winapi, allowing alert, confirm, prompt, and password dialog functionalities within Python applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads system version info (sys.version_info) and calls the Windows API function MessageBoxW or MessageBoxA via ctypes.windll.user32.MessageBoxW/A.",
  "sinks": "The MessageBox functions display GUI dialogs, and the confirm function interprets the return values to determine which button was pressed.",
  "flows": "The code converts user input and button selections into integer flags that are passed to the Windows API; return values are mapped back to text labels.",
  "anomalies": "Use of direct system API calls (ctypes.windll.user32.MessageBoxW/A) for UI; no input sanitization needed. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity detected. There are typos in icon constants (e.g., MB_ICONERRPR). Commented-out functions for prompt and password are incomplete but benign. No obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The script defines constants and functions for Windows message boxes, calling native API functions to display dialogs. It determines API function based on Python version. The functions handle user interactions and map button presses to labels. There is no evidence of data leakage, malicious network activity, or backdoors. The code appears to be a straightforward wrapper around Windows message box API calls, with some minor typos in icon constants. No dynamic code execution or suspicious logic is present. No evidence of malware, credential theft, or sabotage is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code provides a standard Windows message box implementation for Python without any malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It is a benign utility module intended for user interaction dialogs. No security risks or malware indications are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}