{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to download, unpack, and install Pandoc binaries for different operating systems (Windows, Linux, macOS).",
  "sources": "The code reads URLs for downloads, the downloaded binary files, and temporary files created during unpacking (e.g., response from urlopen, files in temporary directories).",
  "sinks": "The code copies files from unpacked directories to target folders, sets executable permissions, and deletes installers if specified. It writes files to user directories and temporary locations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from URLs (sources) via urlopen to saved files, then from unpacked files to target installation directories, with permissions set and cleanup performed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution patterns are evident. The code performs file operations and subprocess calls for system-specific unpacking procedures, which are standard for installers.",
  "analysis": "The code downloads prebuilt binaries for Pandoc from GitHub releases based on platform and version, then unpacks and installs them into user-specific directories. It uses system commands (ar, tar, msiexec, pkgutil) to unpack various package formats, and ensures executables are set to be runnable. All network operations are limited to download Pandoc binaries from legitimate GitHub URLs. File operations, permission settings, and cleanup are straightforward and do not involve any suspicious or malicious actions. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The subprocess calls are used solely for unpacking system packages, not for executing untrusted code or malicious commands.",
  "conclusion": "The script performs legitimate installer functions for Pandoc across multiple platforms. It downloads binaries from trusted sources, unpacks them, and sets appropriate permissions without evidence of malicious intent or malicious behavior. There are no anomalies, no hardcoded secrets, and no obfuscated code. Overall, the code appears secure and intended solely for software installation purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}