{
  "purpose": "The code provides event handler decorators for Google Cloud Storage events, enabling users to easily define functions triggered by storage object events like creation, deletion, archiving, and metadata updates.",
  "sources": "The code reads event data from Google Cloud Storage CloudEvents, particularly in the _message_handler function where it extracts data from the CloudEvent payload.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any data sinks that could leak or transmit data externally. It mainly processes event data and invokes user-defined functions.",
  "flows": "The data flow involves receiving CloudEvent data, parsing it into StorageObjectData objects, and passing them to user-defined callback functions via wrapped handlers.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of event decorators with no hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns. No obfuscated or unusual language features are present. The only potentially unusual aspect is the extensive use of dynamic attributes and decorator wrapping, but these are common in event-driven frameworks.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard modules and defines data classes to model storage objects and encryption details. It implements a generic message handler that converts raw CloudEvent data into structured StorageObjectData instances and then invokes user callbacks. The decorator functions provide a clean API for registering event handlers for specific storage events, setting endpoint attributes for the functions. There are no signs of malicious payloads, data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The use of _util.set_func_endpoint_attr is for configuration purposes, not for malicious activity. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate framework component for handling storage events, with no indication of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured implementation for handling Google Cloud Storage events. It does not contain malicious behavior, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious activity. The only minor concern is the complexity introduced by decorators and dynamic attribute setting, which is typical in event handling frameworks but should be monitored in security reviews. Overall, the code is safe and trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}