{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to handle Google Cloud Storage event notifications within Firebase functions, enabling users to define handlers for specific storage events like object creation, deletion, archiving, and metadata updates.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the CloudEvent object received by the handler functions, specifically from Google Cloud Storage event payloads containing object metadata and configuration data.",
  "sinks": "The code mainly processes data and invokes user-defined callback functions; no direct data leaks or external system interactions are evident. No sinks appear to perform unsafe operations or data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the CloudEvent input into the _message_handler, which constructs StorageObjectData objects. These objects are passed to user-defined functions via wrappers. There are no evident malicious data flows or untrusted data handling beyond normal event processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for Firebase Cloud Functions, with no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code structures. The only notable aspect is the comprehensive mapping of event data to internal data classes, which is typical for event handling.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data classes for object metadata, event handler decorators, and a central message handler to parse CloudEvent payloads into structured data. It uses safe practices, such as copying kwargs, wrapping functions with functools.wraps, and setting endpoint attributes for handlers. No unsafe operations, code injection, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The code relies on external libraries for event processing and does not perform any network communications or data storage actions itself. Overall, it appears to be standard, well-structured event handling code with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is standard Firebase Cloud Functions event handler setup for Google Cloud Storage events, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It securely maps event data to internal structures and allows users to define custom handlers. No malicious activity or supply chain sabotage is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}