{
  "purpose": "Provides event handler decorators for Google Cloud Storage events, enabling users to trigger functions on specific storage events like object creation, deletion, archival, or metadata updates.",
  "sources": "Reads data from the CloudEvent payload, specifically from the 'data' field containing object metadata, including bucket, object ID, size, and encryption details.",
  "sinks": "Potentially, the code could pass untrusted data to user-defined functions via the event handlers, but the core code does not directly execute or evaluate untrusted data; it only wraps user functions.",
  "flows": "Event data is parsed from the CloudEvent payload, converted into StorageObjectData instances, and passed to user-defined functions via decorators. There are no direct untrusted data flows leading to system commands or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are present. The code primarily handles event data and decorates user functions.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data structures for storage event data, including encryption info and object metadata. It provides decorators to register event handlers for specific Google Cloud Storage events. The core logic involves extracting event data, transforming it into structured objects, and invoking user-defined callbacks. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or malicious code injection. The functions simply facilitate event-driven execution with standard data parsing and callback wrapping. The code does not perform any network requests, execute system commands, or handle sensitive data directly. It operates within the expected pattern for cloud functions event handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of event handler decorators for Google Cloud Storage events. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It simply processes event data and invokes user functions, following best practices for cloud event handling.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}