{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for formatting statistical p-value annotations, including configurable formatting options, threshold management, and label generation for statistical significance indicators.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration parameters, method arguments, and class attributes such as 'parameters', 'result', and 'pvalue_thresholds'. It also reads from imported modules and constants like 'DEFAULT'.",
  "sinks": "The code generates formatted strings and prints legend information; it does not perform data leaks, system modifications, or network communication.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and configuration settings flow into class methods and properties, influencing formatting decisions. The 'format_data' method processes 'result' objects and generates annotation strings based on thresholds and formats.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of formatting logic. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. The print statements for legend printing could be considered informational but are not malicious. No obfuscated code or hidden dynamic execution is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a configurable formatter for p-value annotations, managing thresholds, formats, and label styles. It performs parameter validation, updates formatting styles, and generates annotation text accordingly. The code uses standard Python practices with no indications of malicious activity. The print statements for legend display are benign and for user guidance. The imports are from a known statistical annotation package, and no network, file, or system modification code is present. The flow from input parameters to output annotations is straightforward and secure.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate utility for statistical annotation formatting with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It is well-structured and contains no suspicious or malicious code segments. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}