{
  "purpose": "The code implements a PromiseList class that manages a collection of asynchronous Promise objects, handling their resolution, rejection, and iteration.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'values' parameter during initialization and iteration, and accesses Promise class methods and attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink points include promise._fulfill(), promise._reject_callback(), and promise._then() which handle promise resolution and rejection; these could affect asynchronous control flow.",
  "flows": "Input data 'values' is checked and possibly converted into promises, then processed with callbacks that modify internal state and resolve or reject the promise. The flow involves promise resolution, rejection, and callback invocation.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains commented-out sections, such as 'maybe_promise.suppressUnhandledRejections', which might suggest incomplete handling of promise rejections. The use of private attributes (_*) on promises could potentially be unsafe if misused, but in context, they seem internal. No hardcoded secrets or obvious backdoors are present. No obfuscated code features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a promise aggregation mechanism, handling both iterable and promise inputs. It converts values to promises if needed, manages callback registration, and resolves/rejects the parent promise accordingly. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident. The commented-out code and direct access to internal promise attributes are typical in advanced promise management but could pose risks if misused externally. No signs of data leakage, code injection, or malicious network activity are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical promise management utility, with no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or security issues. It handles promise resolution and rejection properly, with internal state management. Slight concern over internal attribute access and commented-out code, but these are not malicious. Overall, it appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}