{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive collection of utility functions and classes for mathematical operations, data structures, formatting, debugging, system information, network operations, and more. It is designed to support various helper tasks in larger Python projects.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from environment variables, network resources (via urllib), files (for download and version info), subprocess calls (e.g., git revision), and dynamic attribute access. It also imports standard libraries like sys, os, re, threading, warnings, and numpy.",
  "sinks": "External data flows into network requests (downloading files), file system writes, subprocess executions (git info), environment variable reads, and logging. No untrusted data is executed as code or exfiltrated.",
  "flows": "Data from user inputs, environment variables, URLs, and files flows into network requests, subprocess calls, and file I/O operations. These are typical for utility functions and do not indicate malicious activity.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscation, or malicious payloads are present. Use of warnings and deprecation wrappers is benign. No suspicious or hidden code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard utility library with functions for math, data structures, formatting, debugging, system info, network fetches, and file management. External interactions are controlled and typical for such utilities. No signs of malicious behavior, code injection, data exfiltration, or obfuscation are observed. The network and subprocess calls are used for version info and file download, which are common and safe. The code is transparent and well-structured.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-maintained utility library with no evidence of malicious activity, sabotage, or security risks. The external interactions are standard and controlled. The malware and obfuscated scores should remain at 0, and the risk score should be low (~0.1-0.2), reflecting typical utility functions with minimal security concern.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}