{
  "purpose": "The provided code appears to be related to wavelet analysis, significance testing, and coherence calculations, likely for signal processing or scientific analysis tasks.",
  "sources": "Input signals and auxiliary data are read from function parameters, data files are loaded with numpy.loadtxt, and some global variables or function calls read environment or configuration data.",
  "sinks": "Data loaded from disk, computed significance levels, or wavelet coefficients could be used for further analysis or visualization; no direct sinks such as network connections or data exfiltration are present.",
  "flows": "Input signals and parameters flow through transformations, statistical significance calculations, and wavelet coherence functions. Data from files (np.loadtxt) flows into significance computations. Results are returned as multiple arrays and calculated significance metrics.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains several obfuscated or non-descriptive variable names, complex nested functions, and conditional branches that could obscure intent. The dynamic function QmfStggawitMCxFVQtBqMlVtczUYMXDX uses string-based selection to instantiate functions, which could be exploited if malicious strings are injected. There are also unprotected file I/O operations (np.loadtxt, np.savetxt) without validation or sanitization, which could be exploited if user-controlled filenames are used. The presence of warnings, exception handling that masks errors, and no clear validation of data inputs are suspicious. The code’s heavy complexity and obfuscated style can be indicative of attempt to hide malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code performs complex wavelet and statistical significance calculations, primarily relying on numpy and scipy functions. It dynamically loads data from files, which could be manipulated if filenames are user-controlled. The function QwkOSPlxAqoVURZdzIPcRVaTMNskdcQI uses string-based dictionary lookups for function instantiation, which may be exploited for code injection if inputs are not sanitized. There is no evidence of network activity, system command execution, or direct data exfiltration. However, the obfuscation, dynamic code generation, and potential for malicious data injection through file inputs or string-based function selection raise security concerns. No clear malicious activity (e.g., backdoors, data theft, network communications) is directly apparent, but the code’s complexity and obfuscation suggest caution. Overall, it does not show overt malware indicators like data exfiltration or system damage but has suspicious structural and obfuscated elements that warrant further scrutiny.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is complex and obfuscated, mainly performing scientific wavelet analysis with file-based data loading. While there is no explicit malicious activity, the use of dynamic function selection, complex control flow, and file operations without input validation pose potential security risks. The code’s intent appears to be scientific computation rather than malicious, but its structure could be exploited if malicious strings or data inputs are introduced. Overall, low to moderate security risk, but warrants careful validation of inputs and sources before use.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 5
}