{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement wavelet coherence analysis and related signal processing functions, likely for analyzing time series or signals in a scientific context.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from variables passed as arguments, file input via numpy.loadtxt from cache files, and possibly from signal objects' data methods. It also reads configuration parameters from environment-like variables and hardcoded defaults.",
  "sinks": "The main sinks are the reading of cache files for significance levels, and potentially data transformations that do not appear malicious in nature. No network communication, file writing outside cache, or data exfiltration routines are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function arguments into signal processing routines, with some paths loading from cache files (numpy.loadtxt), and then processed through various signal transformations and wavelet functions. The results are returned as processed arrays. No external untrusted sources are directly written to or connected from.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains dynamically imported or selected functions based on string identifiers, uses obfuscated-looking function and variable names, and performs complex mathematical operations that could obscure malicious intent. The code also loads and saves cache files which could be misused to store or retrieve maliciously crafted data. The function QwkOSPlxAqoVURZdzIPcRVaTMNskdcQI involves hyperbolic arctangent and inverse hyperbolic tangent calculations that could be manipulated to produce maliciously crafted values if inputs are controlled.",
  "analysis": "The code implements multiple functions related to wavelet coherence analysis, statistical significance testing, and signal normalization. It dynamically loads functions based on string identifiers, which adds some flexibility but also potential for malicious substitution if the dictionary mapping is compromised. It reads and writes cache files for significance levels, which could be exploited to inject malicious data if cache files are replaced. The functions perform standard signal processing operations such as normalization, Fourier transforms, and statistical calculations using libraries like numpy and scipy, which are standard scientific libraries. There are no network operations, system calls, or obvious backdoors. However, the use of dynamic function selection, complex mathematical transformations, and cache file I/O could be manipulated to hide malicious routines or data exfiltration in a more extensive threat scenario. The code’s obfuscation through complex, unclear variable and function names and conditional logic indicates an attempt to conceal behavior but does not explicitly indicate malicious activity based on static analysis alone.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a complex implementation of wavelet-based signal analysis with no clear malicious intent. The presence of cache file I/O and dynamic function selection could be misused in a malicious context, but the code itself does not contain explicit malware or malicious behavior. The overall security risk is low, but caution should be exercised if cache files can be manipulated or if function mappings are compromised.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}