{
  "purpose": "Defines a structured hierarchy of custom exception classes for the Arsla language, covering lexical, parsing, runtime, stack, math, and block errors, primarily for error reporting and debugging.",
  "sources": "Instantiation of exception classes with messages, contextual data such as positions, tokens, stack states, and operations.",
  "sinks": "Formatting of error messages that include token data, stack states, and operation info; no untrusted data flow or external system interaction.",
  "flows": "Error class constructors receive contextual data -> store in attributes -> generate descriptive error messages with contextual info.",
  "anomalies": "Use of token._asdict() assumes Token has this method; otherwise, potential attribute error, but this is outside the scope of exception classes and likely handled elsewhere.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward, well-structured hierarchy of custom exceptions for an interpreter/compiler. It contains no malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious patterns. The classes serve solely for error reporting, with contextual info aiding debugging. No network, file, or dynamic code execution is involved. The import of Token from a local module is standard. The use of _asdict() on Token is typical if Token is a namedtuple; if not, it could cause an error, but this is outside the exception class scope. All reports correctly assign a malware score of 0, obfuscation score of 0, and a low security risk score, consistent with the code's benign nature. The code does not process untrusted data beyond error reporting and does not perform any system or network operations. Overall, the code is safe, standard, and appropriate for its purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured exception hierarchy with no malicious, obfuscated, or security risk elements. The assigned scores (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0) are justified and appropriate. No modifications are necessary.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}