{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes for formatting and displaying stack frames and traceback information, including source code snippets, variable values, and optional color highlighting. It appears designed for debugging and traceback visualization.",
  "sources": "The code reads source code files (via fi.filename), retrieves frame and source info (via ex.get_info), and accesses environment variables or inspect callables (via inspect_callable). No direct user input is explicitly read.",
  "sinks": "The code formats and outputs text, potentially to console or logs, including variable values. There are no evident sinks that send data over the network or write to system files. No dynamic code execution or unsafe evaluations are used.",
  "flows": "The source of data (source files, frame info) flows into formatting functions, which generate formatted text outputs. There are no untrusted data flows leading to external system effects, and no data is transmitted or stored in insecure ways.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or backdoors are observed. Usage of external modules like stackprinter appears consistent with debugging purposes. No unusual code behaviors are present. The only potential concern is the exception handling that re-raises exceptions with additional context, which is standard for debugging.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on formatting and displaying traceback frames and source code snippets for debugging. It uses standard libraries and custom modules for source inspection and color schemes. The implementation does not include network operations, system modifications, or dynamic code execution. It handles exceptions carefully to facilitate debugging but does not perform any suspicious actions. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate debugging utility code with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a debugging and traceback formatting utility with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It safely formats source code and variable information for debugging purposes without performing harmful actions or exfiltration. The malware and security risk scores are very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}