{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Flask extension for integrating Bootstrap (version 4 and 5) into a Flask web application, providing methods for loading CSS and JS resources, and configuring Bootstrap-related settings.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration settings from 'current_app.config', including Bootstrap version and integrity hashes. It also reads static file references and URL parameters for resource loading.",
  "sinks": "The code generates HTML link and script tags with resource URLs, including SRI attributes. It constructs URLs based on configuration and static paths.",
  "flows": "Input from app configuration and function parameters influence URL construction and inclusion of integrity attributes, which then flow into HTML tags returned for rendering.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code primarily handles resource loading, configuration, and Flask blueprint registration. No suspicious or obfuscated logic is present. No external input handling or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard Flask extension for Bootstrap integration, with methods to load CSS and JS resources dynamically. It uses configuration settings for versioning and integrity hashes, and employs Flask's URL generation for local static files. The code structure is straightforward, with no evidence of malicious intent, obfuscation, or hidden backdoors. All resource URLs and integrity attributes are set via configuration, which is typical for such libraries. No dangerous behaviors such as code injection, data leakage, or network communications are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign Flask extension for Bootstrap resource management. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It simply facilitates including Bootstrap assets in a Flask app with configurable options.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}