{
  "purpose": "This code authenticates to Office 365 SharePoint by obtaining security tokens and cookies for subsequent requests.",
  "sources": "User-provided 'share_point_site', 'username', and 'password' inputs; response content from requests to the Office 365 login endpoint.",
  "sinks": "Requests to external Microsoft login services; setting cookies for SharePoint access.",
  "flows": "User inputs -> get_security_token() creates SOAP request with credentials -> POST request to Microsoft online endpoint -> response is parsed for security token -> get_cookies() uses token to authenticate with SharePoint and retrieve cookies.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; the code constructs SOAP XML with user data, but escapes inputs to prevent injection. No obfuscated code, no suspicious domain usage beyond legitimate Microsoft services. The 'post' function is imported externally, likely a wrapper around requests.post. The use of 'escape' on username and password helps prevent injection. The code follows standard OAuth-like token exchange patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard authentication via SOAP request to Microsoft online services, retrieving a security token and then using it to establish session cookies. The data flow appears legitimate, with proper escaping of user inputs. No hardcoded secrets, no evidence of malicious activity, backdoors, or covert data exfiltration. The code’s purpose is legitimate, and the external dependencies are common in such workflows. The code does not contain obfuscated or suspicious logic. The 'post' function is assumed to be a safe wrapper around requests.post. Overall, the code appears to implement standard authentication logic without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of Office 365 authentication via SOAP requests, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It securely handles user inputs and performs expected operations for token retrieval and cookie management.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}