{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client class definitions for interacting with the AWS TNB (Telco Network Builder) service, facilitating SDK-like usage with type hints.",
  "sources": "Import statements, class property/method definitions, and docstrings. Notably, no external or untrusted data sources are explicitly read in the code.",
  "sinks": "None observed; no data processing or network interactions are performed within this code fragment. Methods are defined but contain no implementation details or suspicious data flows.",
  "flows": "No actual data flow or execution logic is present. The code consists mainly of method signatures with docstrings, with no runtime code or untrusted data handling shown.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code structures, such as dynamic code execution, obfuscated patterns, or hardcoded secrets, are present. The code is a standard interface definition using type annotations.",
  "analysis": "The code provides type annotations and a class interface for an AWS SDK client, specifically for the TNB service. It uses standard Python typing, conditional imports based on Python version, and docstrings linking to AWS and boto3 documentation. No runtime logic, input reading, or data manipulation occurs. Methods are placeholders with type annotations and docstrings. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data handling. The structure is consistent with a type stub or interface module, not executable logic that could harbor malware.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, benign type hinting and interface definition for a boto3 client class. It contains no executable code, no data flows, and no indicators of malicious intent. The absence of runtime logic and the presence of only method signatures and documentation suggest it is safe. The code's purpose is to enable static type checking and IDE support for the AWS TNB client.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}