{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface for the AWS TNB service, enabling type-safe interaction with the service's API methods.",
  "sources": "Code reads input parameters for API calls, including operation-specific kwargs and configuration data. It also reads environment and system info to determine Python version and imports modules accordingly.",
  "sinks": "API methods that send data over the network to AWS endpoints, potential data leaks if untrusted data is included in parameters. Methods generating presigned URLs and tagging resources could expose sensitive info if misused.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are provided via kwargs to various API methods, which are then used to construct requests to AWS. The 'generate_presigned_url' method creates URLs that could be used externally, potentially exposing access tokens if misused.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments detected. The code primarily defines a client class with method signatures and type annotations, adhering to standard SDK patterns. No obfuscated code or unusual control flows observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard SDK client wrapper with extensive type annotations, property definitions, and method signatures aligned with AWS boto3 conventions. It imports modules conditionally based on Python version, defines a custom Exceptions class, and specifies method signatures for API calls. There are no indications of malicious intent such as network data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden functionalities. The structure and content suggest it is auto-generated or boilerplate SDK code intended for safe API interactions.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a legitimate SDK client wrapper with comprehensive type annotations for AWS TNB service. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks based on the analyzed content. It is a typical API interface layer, safe for use in applications requiring AWS TNB interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}