{
  "purpose": "This code provides a simple symmetric 'encryption' and 'decryption' mechanism using character replacements, and imports a module from a local 'pycash' directory, then calls a function from it.",
  "sources": "Input data is received via the 'encrypt' and 'decrypt' methods, which process strings provided to these functions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could be in the 'string' or 'encrypted_token' parameters, which are processed and returned. Additionally, the call to 'RRUU()' might be a sink if it triggers harmful actions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input strings to the replace loops in 'encrypt'/'decrypt', then possibly to 'RRUU()' in 'decrypt'. The 'decrypt' method calls 'RRUU()' before returning, which could be a sink if 'RRUU()' performs malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "The encryption/decryption relies on character replacement, which is not secure cryptography but not inherently malicious. The call to 'RRUU()' in the 'decrypt' method is unusual and warrants scrutiny. The code imports from a local directory 'pycash', which is common, but depending on 'RRUU' implementation, it could be suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a non-secure obfuscation method via character substitution for 'encryption' and 'decryption'. The key concern is the call to 'RRUU()' within the 'decrypt' method, which occurs regardless of input. Without information on 'RRUU()', this function could perform malicious activities such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network communication. The import of 'pycash' suggests modular design, but the maliciousness depends on 'RRUU()' implementation. No hardcoded credentials or other malicious code patterns are evident. The use of replacements for 'encryption' is insecure but not malicious by itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs trivial 'encryption' and 'decryption' through character substitution and calls an external function 'RRUU()' during decryption. The main risk stems from 'RRUU()', which could be malicious depending on its implementation. Without further details, this call is suspicious, but the provided code itself does not contain clear malicious behavior. The overall security risk is moderate due to the external call, with potential for malicious activity if 'RRUU()' is harmful.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.4,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 3
}