{
  "purpose": "The code implements a simple substitution cipher for encrypting and decrypting tokens, with an external function call to RRUU() in the decrypt method. The purpose of RRUU() is unknown, and it could be benign or malicious.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'string' parameter in 'encrypt' and 'encrypted_token' in 'decrypt'. It also imports and calls RRUU() from 'pycash.side' during decryption.",
  "sinks": "The external call to RRUU() in 'decrypt' could potentially be a sink if it performs malicious actions such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network communication, but no direct data sink is evident in this code snippet.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through character replacements in 'encrypt' and 'decrypt'. In 'decrypt', after reversing replacements, the flow proceeds to call RRUU(), which could perform side effects or malicious actions depending on its implementation.",
  "anomalies": "The call to RRUU() in 'decrypt' without parameters is unusual and suspicious, especially since its purpose is unknown. The substitution cipher is trivial and insecure, but not malicious. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs a straightforward substitution cipher, which is insecure cryptography but not malicious. The key concern is the external function call to RRUU() during decryption, which could be benign or malicious depending on its implementation. The scores assigned in the reports vary, but given the uncertainty about RRUU(), a moderate malware score (~0.4) and risk score (~0.5) are justified. The cipher itself is not obfuscated or malicious, but the external call warrants further investigation.",
  "conclusion": "The core functionality is benign but insecure. The suspicious external call to RRUU() is the main vector for potential malicious activity. Without further details on RRUU(), it is prudent to treat the code with moderate suspicion. The malware score should be around 0.4, and the overall security risk approximately 0.5, reflecting the uncertainty and potential threat.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.4,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}