{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebSocket proxy that intercepts and logs messages sent and received over a WebSocket connection, optionally mimicking behavior via a provided coroutine.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the WebSocket connection during send and receive operations, specifically through the 'websocket.send' and 'websocket.recv' method calls.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow from 'websocket.recv' to 'client_received' and 'client_sent' lists, which are accessible externally. Also, data is sent via 'websocket.send'. The code itself does not directly leak data but logs all transmitted messages.",
  "flows": "Input data from the WebSocket connection flows through 'websocket.recv' into 'client_received', and data to be sent flows through 'websocket.send' from 'client_sent'. The mimic function can intercept and modify data flow. The data is logged in internal lists but not transmitted elsewhere.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external communications are present. The code dynamically reassigns 'websocket.send' and 'websocket.recv' methods, which could be used maliciously if misused, but in this context appears to be for logging or testing.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a WebSocket proxy that intercepts messages sent and received. It wraps the WebSocket's send and recv methods to log messages, with optional mimic behavior. It does not contain external network communication, code injection, or data exfiltration. The dynamic reassignment of send/recv is not inherently malicious but could be misused. Overall, the code functions as a logging proxy without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard WebSocket proxy with message logging capabilities. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. Its purpose is likely for debugging or testing. The dynamic method reassignment is typical for such proxies and not suspicious in this context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}