{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Python class 'CustomEvent' used for creating and sending custom events to the Airship API, likely for analytics or user engagement purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include parameters passed to the __init__ method such as 'name', 'user', 'interaction_type', 'interaction_id', 'properties', 'session_id', 'transaction', 'value', and 'occurred'. The 'airship' object also provides data via its 'request' method and 'urls' attribute.",
  "sinks": "The 'send' method performs an HTTP POST request with the payload data. Data flows from input parameters into the payload, then into the network request, potentially exposing user data or event information over the network.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> Payload construction in '_payload' property -> 'send' method -> 'airship.request' network call -> JSON serialization of payload -> HTTP POST request to external URL.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code uses standard data serialization and HTTP request mechanisms. No suspicious or unusual code structures are detected. The 'airship' object is expected to be a trusted external client; no direct code injection or obfuscation is evident. The 'properties' parameter is passed directly into the payload without sanitization, but this is typical for such data and not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs a JSON payload from provided parameters and sends it via an HTTP POST request to a specified URL. The payload includes user data, event name, timestamps, and optional properties, all of which are passed in through the constructor. There are no signs of hardcoded secrets, malicious data handling, or obfuscated code. The 'airship' object is used as an external client to perform network requests, which is standard. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized system access. The code appears to serve a legitimate purpose of event tracking, assuming the 'airship' client is trustworthy.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward implementation of an event tracking mechanism with no evident malicious intent or security risks. It safely constructs and transmits event data to an external API without suspicious behavior. The overall security risk score is low, with no malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}