{
  "purpose": "The class provides simple character-based encoding and decoding (obfuscation) of strings using replace operations.",
  "sources": "The methods read input strings in 'encrypt' and 'decrypt' functions. No external input sources are present in this snippet.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks such as network operations, file I/O, or other data exfiltration points.",
  "flows": "The code transforms input strings by replacing characters with symbols and vice versa; these transformations are straightforward and self-contained.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive character replacement but contains no signs of malicious activity such as network calls, system commands, or credential handling. It appears as a simple reversible character substitution cipher. No obfuscation, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are present. The only unusual aspect is the use of replacement rather than encryption, which is not inherently malicious but may suggest misuse if used for security purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class with methods to replace characters in strings with symbols ('encrypt') and to revert those symbols back to original characters ('decrypt'). The replacements cover alphanumeric characters and some punctuation. The implementation is straightforward and deterministic, lacking external data sources, network activity, or system interactions. It does not involve any dynamic code execution, obfuscated language features, or hidden logic. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware components. The code functions as a simple reversible substitution cipher without security significance, potentially used for obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign character substitution class serving as a simple obfuscation tool. There is no evidence of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. The implementation is transparent and straightforward, with no suspicious activities or anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}