{
  "purpose": "This code serves as a template for implementing custom probability distributions within the skpro framework, providing structure and guidance for developers to create new distribution classes with specified methods.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters during initialization (param1, param2) and potentially inputs to distribution functions such as _ppf, _pdf, _cdf, etc. The sample method could accept parameters for sampling, and get_test_params uses internal logic to generate test parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code itself does not contain any direct sinks, but potential sinks could include the sample, _ppf, _cdf, and other distribution methods if they were to be overridden with malicious code. Currently, these methods contain placeholder strings.",
  "flows": "The input parameters and distribution function calls flow from initialization and method calls (_pdf, _cdf, etc.) to the outputs. In particular, sample and _ppf generate samples, potentially using the inverse cdf. No actual data flows are present; placeholders suggest where logic would go.",
  "anomalies": "The core concern is that all distribution methods (_ppf, sample, etc.) currently contain placeholder strings ('do_sth_with(...)') instead of actual implementation, indicating incomplete code rather than malicious code. There are no signs of obfuscated or hidden code, backdoors, or malicious logic. No hardcoded credentials or privacy violations are present. The code structure is consistent with a template meant to be filled in.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured template for creating distribution classes in the skpro framework. All methods contain placeholders indicating where actual logic should be implemented. The placeholders are strings intended for developers to replace with real code, not malicious code. The class design and comments do not suggest any malicious intent. There are no hidden or obfuscated elements; the code's purpose is clearly to serve as a template. The absence of real implementation logic means there is no active malicious behavior. The code also lacks network activity, data exfiltration, or any other typical malware features. Its incomplete state and placeholder comments strongly suggest it is a scaffold for future development, not malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a non-malicious template for implementing probability distribution classes within skpro. It contains placeholders where developers should insert distribution logic. There is no evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The code is incomplete and meant for development purposes only, with no indications of harmful intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}