{
  "purpose": "Template for implementing new probability distributions within the skpro library, primarily for development and testing of custom estimators following a predefined structure.",
  "sources": "No explicit sources of input data; code reads parameters from self._bc_params and class attributes, and accepts input arguments for evaluation methods such as _pdf, _cdf, etc.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods that evaluate distribution functions with input x or p, and sample generation; these could potentially leak data or be exploited if malicious code was inserted into their internal logic.",
  "flows": "Data flow from input parameters (self._bc_params) to evaluation methods (_pdf, _cdf, etc.), with inputs like x or p flowing into methods that produce distribution values or samples; however, actual computations are placeholders.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains numerous placeholder strings like 'do_sth_with' and 'res' with no actual computation; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. No obfuscated code patterns are present; no malicious logic is apparent. The structure is consistent with a template for subclassing, not a concrete malicious implementation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a template for defining new distribution classes, with many methods unimplemented or containing placeholder logic. It reads parameters from class attributes and provides stubs for distribution functions. There are no signs of malicious activity such as network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The placeholders suggest that the actual logic should be implemented later. No suspicious or malicious behaviors are embedded in the current code. The structure adheres to a development template and does not perform any harmful actions.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a non-functional, template-based scaffold intended for developing new probability distribution classes within the skpro framework. It contains no malicious code, backdoors, or security risks in its current form. Its primary purpose is to guide developers in implementing distribution methods correctly. The code is benign, with low malware likelihood, and poses no security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}