{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes and decorators for tracking emissions, power consumption, and related metrics during a computational experiment, supporting both online and offline modes.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include environment variables, hierarchical configuration files, external APIs (geojs, cloud metadata, electricity map), and function parameters. Data is read from environment variables, configuration files, and external APIs via methods like get_hierarchical_config, platform module, and external API calls.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include output handlers such as file writes, HTTP API calls, logging, and pushing data to external monitoring systems (prometheus, logfire). These handlers send data to files, network endpoints, or logging systems.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment/config inputs to internal state variables; then, emission data is computed and passed to output handlers for storage or transmission. The code periodically measures power, updates energy consumption, and finally writes or sends emissions data via handlers. The decorator wraps user functions, starting and stopping tracking around function execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not exhibit obvious anomalies. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code is present. Usage of environment variables, external API calls, and file operations appear standard. Lock mechanism prevents multiple simultaneous instances, which is a security feature. No hidden backdoors or malicious data exfiltration code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a structured emissions tracking system with multiple classes supporting online and offline modes. It reads configuration from environment variables and config files, performs periodic hardware power measurements, calculates emissions based on energy consumption, and outputs data to multiple handlers. The use of environment variables and API integrations is standard for such systems. No suspicious code patterns, malicious data leaks, or backdoors are present. The locking mechanism safeguards against concurrent runs, indicating attention to operational security. Overall, the code is well-structured and focused on emissions monitoring, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured emissions tracking system with no malicious behavior. It reads data from standard sources, performs expected calculations, and outputs data to specified handlers. No malicious or sabotage-related code was identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}