{
  "purpose": "This code implements open-source APIs for tracking and reporting energy emissions during computational experiments, including decorators and base classes for both online and offline modes.",
  "sources": "Inputs include environment variables, constructor parameters, configuration files, and function arguments; data flows through class initializations, configuration setting, and during power measurement routines.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include writing to files, sending HTTP requests, logging, and pushing data to external systems like Prometheus or Logfire; sensitive data could potentially be sent over network or stored locally.",
  "flows": "Sources such as environment variables or parameters feed into configuration settings, which influence data collection and reporting sinks such as files or HTTP endpoints; measurements and emissions data are generated and routed accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. The code uses environment variables and configuration files for sensitive info, with no evidence of obfuscation. No suspicious network domains or backdoors are present. The code includes lock mechanisms to prevent multiple instances but no malicious intent is apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically initializes configuration parameters, including environment variables, and performs emissions tracking through multiple classes with defined interfaces. It manages hardware power measurement, emissions calculation, and data reporting. No malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, unauthorized network connections, or sabotage code is evident. The use of locks and process management appears intended for concurrency control rather than malicious sabotage. The code appears well-structured for its purpose with appropriate logging and exception suppression. No signs of obfuscated or malicious code segments are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a legitimate emissions tracking library, providing infrastructure for energy and carbon footprint analysis in computational workflows. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms. It is primarily configuration-driven and integrates with external systems responsibly. Overall, it is a benign, purpose-built library without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}