{
  "purpose": "Analysis of open-source Python dependency code for malicious behavior, obfuscation, and security risks.",
  "sources": "Code reading input data, environment variables, external modules, network operations, dynamic execution points (eval/exec), hardcoded secrets.",
  "sinks": "Network connections, file system access, environment variable access, data exfiltration points, dynamic code execution results.",
  "flows": "Input sources (user/env) to sinks (network, file, environment), potentially via obfuscated or dynamic code paths.",
  "anomalies": "High obfuscation (eval/exec), hardcoded secrets, suspicious patterns of data handling, dynamic code execution, inconsistent or misleading variable naming.",
  "analysis": "The code exhibits signs of obfuscation and dynamic execution, which are often indicators of malicious intent. The presence of hardcoded secrets and suspicious patterns further raises suspicion. Benign code lacks obfuscation, suspicious patterns, or malicious network activity. The scores assigned in the reports align with these observations, with Report 3 showing high obfuscation (0.8) and malware likelihood (0.7), justified by the described suspicious patterns. Other reports are benign, with low or zero scores for malware and obfuscation. The risk scores correspond appropriately to the assessed threat levels, with moderate scores in reports indicating potential dynamic features but no confirmed malicious activity. Overall, the analysis confirms that the high suspicion in Report 3 is justified, while other reports are consistent with benign or low-risk code.",
  "conclusion": "The provided reports are internally consistent and accurately reflect the analyzed code's behavior. Report 3's high obfuscation and malware scores are justified by the evidence of suspicious patterns and dynamic execution. Other reports correctly assign low scores, indicating benign code. Minor adjustments could be made to risk scores in some benign reports for precision, but overall, the scoring aligns well with the analysis. No evidence of confirmed malicious activity is present, and the highest concern remains with Report 3, warranting further review if code is available.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.7,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}