{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom vertical slider component for Streamlit applications, allowing various visual and functional customizations, and includes test cases for different slider configurations.",
  "sources": "Reads local file paths (os.path), environment variables (implicitly via __file__), and imports external libraries (idna, streamlit, altair). No explicit user input or untrusted data sources are present.",
  "sinks": "Uses the _component_func to declare a custom Streamlit component with a URL or local path, but this is standard for Streamlit components. No data sinks are evident that could lead to data exfiltration or malicious effects.",
  "flows": "The code flows from defining configuration, setting up the component, and then rendering multiple slider instances within a test interface when not in release mode. No external data or command execution flows are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code, such as data exfiltration, network connections, or system modifications, are present. The code appears to be a standard custom widget implementation. Use of 'idna' import seems unnecessary but not malicious. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a Streamlit component with different visual customization options. It reads local file paths for component deployment, with conditional logic based on a '_RELEASE' flag to switch between local and remote URLs. No user input is processed from external sources beyond standard function parameters. The import 'idna' is unused within the code, which is benign but indicates potential leftover or unnecessary code. The test cases create multiple slider configurations, typical for UI testing. No network connections, data exfiltration, or suspicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign, standard implementation of a custom UI component for Streamlit, with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. The only minor concern is the unused 'idna' import, which is not harmful. Overall, the code is safe with no security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}