{
  "purpose": "The code provides an interface to retrieve MySQL global and session status variables via Django, primarily for monitoring purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from method parameters such as 'names' and 'prefix', and executes SQL queries through Django's database cursor.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or effects could occur if untrusted input is used directly in SQL query strings, leading to SQL injection vulnerabilities.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('names', 'prefix') flow into SQL query string construction in 'get_many' and 'as_dict', which then execute against the database, potentially leading to injection if inputs are untrusted.",
  "anomalies": "The 'get_many' and 'as_dict' methods construct SQL queries via string concatenation without parameterization, which is a security concern if inputs are untrusted. The use of assertions on data types may be disabled in production, but does not constitute obfuscation or malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code is straightforward, designed for monitoring MySQL status variables. It uses parameterized queries in 'get' and 'get_many' methods, which is secure. However, in 'as_dict' and 'get_many', SQL strings are built via string joining without parameters, creating potential injection points if 'names' or 'prefix' are derived from untrusted sources. The code does not contain obfuscated or malicious code. The use of 'SimpleLazyObject' and standard Django practices further support its benign nature. The primary security concern is the unsafe SQL string construction in parts of the code, which could be exploited if inputs are malicious. Malware scoring is 0, as no malicious code is present. Obfuscation score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The overall security risk score should be increased from 0.1-0.2 to approximately 0.3 to reflect the potential for SQL injection vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is generally benign and well-structured for monitoring MySQL status variables. The main security concern is the construction of SQL queries via string concatenation in 'get_many' and 'as_dict', which could lead to SQL injection if inputs are untrusted. No malware or obfuscation is present. To mitigate this, the code should be refactored to use parameterized queries in all methods that build SQL dynamically.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}