{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for interacting with Google Drive and Google Sheets via the Google API, including retrieving file IDs, managing worksheets, and deleting files.",
  "sources": "Credentials passed to functions (credentials object), gfile path string, gfile ID, worksheet name, and user input indirectly through function parameters.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to Google API endpoints, execution of file deletion, creation, and retrieval actions, which are controlled by function inputs.",
  "flows": "Inputs (credentials, gfile path, worksheet name) lead to API requests that perform file retrieval, creation, or deletion based on parameters. Data flows from user inputs through API calls, with no external untrusted data flows identified.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or obfuscated language features. The code performs standard API interactions. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns are present. The only notable aspect is use of broad exception handling, which can mask errors but is not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code facilitates Google Drive and Sheets management through API calls, with functions for retrieving file IDs, handling worksheets, and deleting files. It uses standard libraries and APIs, with appropriate parameter usage. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden network activities. The broad exception handling in 'delete_file' could obscure errors but is not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code patterns are present. Overall, the code appears to be standard utility functions for Google API interactions without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate utility module for managing Google Drive and Sheets via API. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It is well-structured and does not contain obfuscation or suspicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}