{
  "purpose": "This script initializes a PyQt5 application, checks command-line arguments for '--server', and either starts a server instance after sharing a temp folder or runs as a client with RDP enabled. It manages remote desktop/server setup based on user input.",
  "sources": "sys.argv for command-line args, os.path.dirname(__file__) for path, imported functions from osfm.utils, osfm.server, osfm.clientfunc, osfm.client, and standard modules sys, os, PyQt5.QtWidgets, subprocess (unused).",
  "sinks": "sys.exit() after server startup, print statements for status, calls to functions like ensure_temp_folder_shared(), enable_rdp(), main_client(), and Server() which modify system state or network configuration.",
  "flows": "Command-line argument '--server' triggers a check for existing server, sharing temp folder, and starting server; otherwise, enables RDP and runs client functions. The flow involves environment setup and process control based on user input.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or obfuscation detected. The import of subprocess is unused, which is a minor code smell but not security-relevant.",
  "analysis": "The code is straightforward, performing environment setup and process management for a remote desktop/server application. No malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscation are evident. External functions' implementations are unknown but their invocation appears standard. The scores assigned (malware=0, obfuscated=0, securityRisk=0.2) are appropriate given the benign code and potential system modifications. The low risk score accounts for system configuration actions, which are typical in such tools but could pose risks if misused. The overall structure and logic are sound, with no vulnerabilities apparent from this snippet.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate and non-malicious, with no evidence of malware or malicious intent. The low security risk score is justified, and the absence of obfuscation is confirmed. External functions should be reviewed separately for security, but based on this code alone, it is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}