{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for loading and parsing various types of files and structured data formats such as templates, ini, python, yaml, json, and csv, with options for including additional files or data.",
  "sources": "Input sources include environment variables ('TTP_TEMPLATES_DIR'), file paths, and inline text data.",
  "sinks": "Data is read from files and environment variables; some functions execute code via eval-like functions (e.g., load_python), and data is parsed into dictionaries or other structures, but no direct data leakage or external communication is evident.",
  "flows": "Input sources (file paths, environment variables, inline text) flow into functions like load_files, load_struct, and specific format loaders, with potential inclusion of additional files/data. Data read from files or text is processed into structured data but does not show any network transmission or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "Use of _ttp_ global variable for version control; dynamic execution of Python code via load_python, which calls 'load_python_exec' function (presumably from external utils). No apparent hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code present. Environment variable usage is typical for configuration.",
  "analysis": "The code loads various data formats with standard Python libraries or custom functions. It retrieves environment variables, reads files, and parses data safely in most cases. The only potentially concerning aspect is the execution of dynamic Python code via 'load_python_exec', which could execute arbitrary code if input is malicious. However, the code expects this function to be a controlled utility, not shown here. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious actions are directly present. Overall, the functions are straightforward, and no malicious behavior or sabotage signs are evident. The use of environment variables and dynamic code execution warrants caution but is not inherently malicious without further context.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard utility for loading and parsing data files and structured data formats. It does include a potentially risky dynamic code execution step but relies on external controlled functions. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected based on this fragment. The overall security risk is low, assuming the external functions are safe.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}