{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to interact with OpenAI models for text completion and embedding, integrating configuration management for API keys and model parameters.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data via Config singleton (API keys, model names, base URLs), and receives input parameters such as prompts and texts.",
  "sinks": "Passes API keys and model parameters to external functions (openai_complete_if_cache, openai_embed), which likely make network requests to OpenAI's services.",
  "flows": "Configuration data (API keys, model names, URLs) flow from Config singleton to external API functions; input prompts and texts flow from function arguments to external API calls.",
  "anomalies": "API keys and base URLs are obtained from a centralized configuration (Config class), which is standard. No hardcoded credentials are present. Environment variables are commented out but not used, replaced by config retrieval. No suspicious or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code retrieves API keys and model parameters from a Config singleton, which is a common design pattern. It includes functions for text completion and embedding, passing data to external API functions. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data handling. No code obfuscation, hidden network connections, or suspicious data flows are present. The API keys are stored in a centralized configuration, reducing risk of hardcoded secrets. The code performs network calls to external services but within expected behavior for such API integrations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation for interfacing with OpenAI APIs, utilizing configuration management for sensitive data. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks beyond typical API usage. It is safe and aligns with expected practices for such integrations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}