{
  "purpose": "Generate advertising text snippets by inserting replacements into a template with optional capitalization and fallback handling.",
  "sources": "The function reads input parameters: 'template', 'replacements', 'fallback', 'max_len', and 'capitalize'. It also calls 'len()' on formatted strings and uses 'string.capwords()' for optional capitalization.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any data output, network communication, or sensitive data handling. No sinks that could leak untrusted data are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (source) are used to generate formatted strings (sink) via 'template.format()'. The flow includes checking string length and substituting fallback strings if needed.",
  "anomalies": "The code raises an exception if 'template + fallback' exceeds 'max_len'. The template string is used directly in 'format()', which could be vulnerable if 'template' is externally controlled and improperly sanitized, but this is typical usage and not inherently malicious. There are no hardcoded credentials or suspicious operations.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a string formatter for ad texts, with checks to prevent exceeding maximum length. It uses 'format()' on user-supplied templates and replacements, which is standard for such tasks. The only potential concern is if 'template' is externally controlled and maliciously crafted, but this is typical usage for string formatting. No malicious code, backdoors, or data leaks are present. The function includes validation to prevent overly long ads and optional capitalization. No network operations, code injection, or obfuscation are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility for generating ad copy with length constraints and optional capitalization. There are no signs of malicious behavior or malware. The primary security consideration is ensuring that 'template' and 'replacements' are from trusted sources, but this is application-dependent and outside the scope of this code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}