{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a custom Django ORM expression class with methods for complex query expression handling, including source expression resolution and query join logic.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from method parameters, class attributes, and Django model/query attributes such as get_source_expressions() and resolve_expression(). It also accesses environment via django.VERSION and connection.vendor.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods that resolve or modify expressions (e.g., resolve_expression, set_source_expressions) which could be misused if supplied with untrusted input, but no external untrusted data sources are evident. No network or file system interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from parameters or source expressions into expression resolution functions. These flows are internal within the ORM expression handling, primarily manipulating query components. No external data or untrusted sources are directly involved.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated naming conventions with non-descriptive variable and class names, possibly to conceal intent. It performs deep copies and complex expression manipulations, which could obscure malicious intent but are also typical for ORM expression construction. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are detected. The use of deepcopy and dynamic expression resolution could potentially hide malicious logic but currently appear to serve query construction.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom Django Expression subclass with methods for complex query expression management, including conditional logic based on Django version, dynamic source expression adjustments, and query join handling. It uses deep copies to manipulate expressions, and includes functions for resolving expressions and rewriting expression parts. No external network or file access is detected. The obfuscated naming and complex expression manipulations could be intended to conceal malicious intent, but no explicit malicious actions or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. Overall, it appears to be a sophisticated query expression utility with no direct evidence of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex Django ORM expression handler with obfuscated naming, designed for advanced query expression manipulation. There is no clear evidence of malicious intent or malware. The suspicious aspect is primarily its obfuscation and complexity, which could be exploited to hide malicious behavior, but in isolation, it functions as intended for query construction. Therefore, the risk level is low, with no malicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}