{
  "purpose": "The code provides statistical utility functions for data analysis, including distance calculations, correlation metrics, and empirical cumulative distribution functions, primarily for use in statistical modeling and analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input arrays passed as function arguments, such as X, Y, mat, and matrix. It also reads optional weights (w) for correlation calculations.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data or sensitive information are present. No network operations, file access, or system commands are included.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into computations for distances, correlations, and ECDFs. No external or untrusted data sources are invoked during runtime.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes commented-out code related to p-value calculations and beta function approximation, but these are inactive. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are detected. The use of Numba's njit for performance is standard. The code does not perform any data exfiltration, network communication, or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The script is a collection of data analysis utilities, including distance and correlation calculations, with some optional features commented out for compatibility issues. It uses standard libraries like numpy, scipy, sklearn, and numba for efficiency and validation. There are no indications of malicious intent, hidden backdoors, or malicious payloads. All functions perform legitimate statistical computations with no suspicious side-effects. The presence of commented code regarding p-value and beta functions appears to be normal development artifacts rather than malicious obfuscation or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a benign, well-structured utility library for statistical computations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malicious data exfiltration. The code is consistent with its purpose, and no suspicious anomalies or backdoors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}