{
  "purpose": "This code provides statistical functions for data analysis, including distance calculations, Pearson correlation computations, and empirical cumulative distribution functions (ECDF).",
  "sources": "The code reads input data matrices from function parameters, such as 'X', 'Y', and 'mat'. It also processes data via check_array validations.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks that handle untrusted data for effecting data leaks, code injection, or system manipulation. The functions mainly perform mathematical and statistical operations on provided data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (X, Y, mat) through computational functions such as pairwise distances, weighted Pearson correlation, and ECDF calculations. No untrusted data is explicitly sent to external systems or networks.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or backdoors. The code uses standard libraries and performs typical statistical operations. The commented-out code and TODOs indicate incomplete features but not malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of statistical utility functions performing distance computations, correlation, and ECDF calculations. All data manipulations are confined to mathematical operations on input matrices and arrays. There are no indications of data exfiltration, network communication, or hidden behaviors. Usage of Numba's njit for speed optimization does not suggest malicious intent. No suspicious code patterns, backdoors, or malicious functions are present. The code is well-structured, documented, and appears to be intended solely for analytical purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a benign utility library for statistical analysis. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It processes data for statistical metrics and distributions without any harmful side effects or external communications.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}