{
  "purpose": "The code implements a cache management system for Spark DataFrames in Databricks, involving creation, validation, invalidation, and retrieval of cached tables and metadata files. It facilitates efficient data reuse and cache invalidation based on modification times.",
  "sources": "Input files from DataFrame.inputFiles(), environment variables, filesystem directories, Spark catalog queries, and user-defined paths.",
  "sinks": "Spark tables (via CREATE TABLE and DROP TABLE), metadata files written to local filesystem, cache directories deleted via shutil.rmtree, and cache metadata updates.",
  "flows": "Sources such as input files and environment variables flow into cache validation and metadata generation functions; validated cache info leads to Spark table reads or creation; cache invalidation involves directory removal; metadata is read/written during cache management.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. Use of shutil.rmtree on cache directories is standard but could be risky if paths are manipulated; current validation mitigates this. Dynamic method extension and filesystem operations are typical for cache utilities.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard cache management tasks: creating, validating, invalidating, and retrieving cached DataFrames stored as Spark tables and associated metadata files. It uses deterministic hashing of DataFrame input data and query plans to generate cache identifiers. Filesystem operations like directory removal are guarded by hash validation and path checks. No signs of malicious code, network activity, or obfuscation are present. The code structure is clear, with proper exception handling and validation. The use of 'shutil.rmtree' on cache directories, while potentially risky if inputs are manipulated, is mitigated by hash validation and path validation, making exploitation unlikely. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate cache management utility with low security risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, legitimate cache management system for Spark DataFrames, with no evidence of malicious activity, sabotage, or obfuscation. The assigned malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the overall security risk score is 0.2, justified by filesystem operations that could be exploited if inputs are manipulated, but current safeguards are sufficient. The scores are consistent with the code's behavior and purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}