{
  "purpose": "The code implements a caching system for Spark DataFrames on Databricks, utilizing Delta Lake tables and metadata files to manage cached data, and provides methods for cache management, including invalidation and cache retrieval.",
  "sources": "Input data from DataFrame inputFiles(), environment variables such as CONFIG and environment-specific paths, and file system operations on local and DBFS paths. Reads from cache metadata files and Spark catalog for cache info.",
  "sinks": "Writes cache metadata files, creates and drops Spark tables, deletes cache directories, and reads from cache tables. Uses file system operations (shutil.rmtree, open) for cache invalidation.",
  "flows": "DataFrame input files → get_input_dir_mod_datetime → get_cache_metadata → cache management functions (read/write/drop) → cache table creation/dropping, metadata file handling. Cache retrieval from Spark catalog or filesystem.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. Use of dynamic code execution is minimal; functions are well-structured. Presence of many try-except blocks might mask errors, but they are standard for robustness. No obfuscated code features or uncommon language constructs. The code manages cache via filesystem and Spark catalog without executing arbitrary code from untrusted sources. No hidden backdoors or malicious network activity. The use of shutil.rmtree to delete directories is standard but could be misused if path inputs are manipulated, though current code limits this via hash validation.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles cache management, including creation, invalidation, and retrieval of cached DataFrames, using standard filesystem and Spark SQL operations. It hashes input data deterministically, manages metadata files, and interacts with Spark tables. No code injection, remote code execution, or malicious network activity is present. Security is limited to filesystem operations and Spark catalog commands, which are standard and do not show signs of sabotage or malicious manipulation. The only potential concern is the use of shutil.rmtree on directory paths derived from cache hashes, but since hashes are generated internally and validated, this does not constitute malicious behavior. Overall, the code does not contain malicious or sabotage features, but should be monitored for path validation if inputs are ever externally influenced.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a robust cache management system for Spark DataFrames with no evident malicious intent or sabotage. It performs standard cache handling, filesystem operations, and Spark table management in a secure manner. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration, and the structure does not suggest obfuscation or malicious code injection. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}