{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes for handling and manipulating inference results from computer vision models, including detection boxes, masks, keypoints, probabilities, and oriented bounding boxes, facilitating tasks such as visualization, data exporting, and analysis.",
  "sources": "Input sources include inference outputs such as tensors and arrays for boxes, masks, keypoints, and probabilities; data is received via class constructors. Data can originate from model predictions during inference.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include saving images (plot, save), exporting to files (save_txt, save_csv, save_xml, save_html, to_json, to_sql), and writing to a database (to_sql). The code also writes detection data to text files and databases, and plots images with annotations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from model inference tensors (boxes, masks, keypoints, probs) into class attributes, then through methods such as plot(), save(), to_json(), save_txt(), etc., which export or visualize results. Data can be moved across devices (cpu, cuda) or serialized into formats like JSON, CSV, XML, or stored in SQL.",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets. External library calls (e.g., pandas, sqlite3, lxml, json) are standard for data processing and export. No suspicious dynamic code execution, system calls, or data exfiltration routines are present. Logging is used for warnings and info, typical for a data processing library.",
  "analysis": "The code thoroughly manages inference results, providing methods for data access, normalization, conversion, visualization, and storage. It uses standard practices such as property caching, tensor-device management, and data serialization. There are no signs of code injection, malicious data leaks, or covert behaviors. The only external system interaction is through legitimate data export functions (saving images, writing to SQL). The code is consistent with a well-structured result handling library. No obfuscated or malicious behaviors are detected. The inclusion of database and file I/O is typical and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a secure, well-structured result handling library for computer vision inference outputs. It does not contain any malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms. It primarily facilitates visualization, data export, and analysis of detection results, with no suspicious or harmful routines.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}