{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and methods for handling inference results from Ultralytics models, including detection boxes, masks, keypoints, classification probabilities, and oriented bounding boxes. It supports visualization, data export, and conversion to various formats.",
  "sources": "Input data for results such as images and model output tensors. External libraries like torch, numpy, pandas, json, and sqlite3.",
  "sinks": "Saving images, writing text files, exporting to JSON, CSV, XML, HTML, and inserting data into SQLite databases.",
  "flows": "Data is read from model outputs (tensors/arrays), processed and converted into different formats (e.g., normalized coordinates, JSON, CSV). Data can be visualized or saved to files or databases.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hidden backdoors, or abnormal behaviors observed. The code mainly uses standard libraries and follows conventional patterns for data handling, visualization, and I/O. No hardcoded credentials or obfuscated code present. The only warnings relate to unsupported features (like save_crop on classification or OBB tasks).",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured with classes encapsulating data and methods for manipulation, conversion, and visualization. It handles different detection result formats, including bounding boxes, masks, keypoints, and classification probabilities. It includes functionality for exporting data to various formats and saving images or crops. No signs of malicious code such as network activity, system modification, or covert data exfiltration are present. The external dependencies are typical for computer vision tasks. All methods are documented, and logic follows standard practices without hidden or suspicious operations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard implementation of result handling and visualization for computer vision inference outputs. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}