{
  "purpose": "To identify and open different types of Microsoft Office files, including encrypted and different formats (OLE, OOXML, etc.), based on the file content.",
  "sources": "The function reads from the input file handle, specifically using file.seek(0) and checks with olefile.isOleFile(file), zipfile.is_zipfile(file), and olefile.exists() methods.",
  "sinks": "The code imports and potentially executes code from msoffcrypto.format modules based on file type; however, these are standard imports for file processing, not data sinks. No untrusted data processing or dangerous operations are evident.",
  "flows": "Input file is read, file.seek(0) sets position; then file is checked for format (OLE, ZIP). Depending on format, different classes are instantiated. The flow proceeds from format detection to object creation based on specific stream existence in OLE files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code segments are present. The code uses standard library functions and modules. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic execution is observed. The import of msoffcrypto.exceptions is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code performs format detection of Office files by checking if the file is an OLE file or a ZIP (OOXML). It raises specific exceptions if the format is unsupported. The function dynamically imports format-specific classes based on detected streams. No suspicious or malicious behavior, such as code injection or data exfiltration, is present. The logic is standard for file format handling, with clear format-specific pathways. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious operations are identified. The imports and flow follow typical file processing patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate Office file format detector and loader, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It correctly identifies file types and loads appropriate classes without executing untrusted code or handling sensitive data insecurely.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}