{
  "purpose": "Detects Office file formats (OLE, OOXML, etc.) based on file headers and internal streams, returning appropriate handler objects.",
  "sources": "File header check via olefile.isOleFile(), zipfile.is_zipfile(), and internal stream existence checks like 'EncryptionInfo', 'wordDocument', 'Workbook', 'PowerPoint Document'.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sinks; the code performs format detection without processing untrusted input beyond header checks.",
  "flows": "File is reset with file.seek(0); detection functions determine format; based on streams, dynamically import and return format-specific handler classes.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies; straightforward format detection logic, standard library usage, no suspicious code or hardcoded secrets.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard Office file format detection by inspecting file headers and internal streams. It uses well-known libraries (olefile, zipfile) and dynamic imports for format-specific handlers. No malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are evident. The dynamic import pattern is typical for modular format handling. The code includes proper error handling and does not process untrusted data beyond detection. The presence of modules handling encrypted files does not imply malicious intent, as no malicious actions are performed.\n\nThe reports correctly assess the benign nature of this code. Slightly elevated security risk scores (0.2) in some reports are justified by the use of dynamic imports and format detection but do not indicate actual vulnerabilities or malicious activity.\n\nOverall, the code is a standard, well-implemented Office file format detector with no security concerns. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score should be set to 0 or very close to it (e.g., 0.1) for accuracy.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard Office file format detection utility with no malicious or obfuscated behavior. It employs common techniques and libraries, and no security risks are present. The assessment scores should reflect this benign nature, with malware and obfuscation scores at 0 and a minimal security risk score around 0.1.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}