{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client interface for interacting with Salesforce via REST and SOAP APIs, including functionalities for metadata management, Apex execution, debugging, testing, and symbol table retrieval.",
  "sources": "Input data includes credentials, IDs, filenames, and parameters via function arguments, environment variables, and configuration files. Data is also read from files during operations like file uploads and log downloads.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to Salesforce endpoints for querying, creating, updating, and deleting metadata, Apex classes, triggers, logs, checkpoints, and trace flags. File operations for log downloads and Apex file uploads.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and credentials (sources) to network requests and file reads, with responses processed and returned or used for further API calls. For example, credentials are used to generate session headers, which are then used in subsequent API calls; file contents are uploaded during metadata deployment and tooling operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code makes extensive use of external configuration and environment variables. Usage of proxies is dynamically configured but does not exhibit suspicious patterns. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected. Some error handling includes raising exceptions with detailed network responses, which is typical but should be checked for potential information leakage if logs are improperly stored.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive Salesforce API client wrapper with multiple functionalities such as metadata operations, Apex execution, debugging, and testing. It dynamically manages WSDL files, handles sessions and proxies, and performs numerous network operations. It includes standard error handling and session management. No suspicious network behaviors, such as data exfiltration or hidden backdoors, are evident. There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or data leaks in the provided code. Usage of the API appears intended for development, debugging, and automation tasks related to Salesforce orgs. No malicious intent or sabotage is detectable within the logic and flow.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate Salesforce client implementation for development and testing purposes. It handles sensitive data responsibly by using dynamic credentials and environment configurations. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}