{
  "purpose": "This code defines various exception classes and utility functions for handling errors and displaying messages within a command-line interface framework (Click). It provides structured error reporting and user guidance.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from parameters, context objects, and error messages. It also reads from environment or configuration through imported functions like resolve_color_default() and get_text_stderr().",
  "sinks": "Error messages are formatted and output using echo() and string formatting functions, which could be exploited if input is malicious. The format_message methods construct output messages that are displayed to the user.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., error messages, parameter hints, command options) flows into the exception constructors, which then format these messages for display. The show() methods send output to stderr or specified files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns. No evidence of dynamic code execution, network activity, or system modifications. Use of imported functions (e.g., resolve_color_default()) appears benign. No obfuscation, backdoors, or unusual code constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines exception classes for CLI error handling, with standard message formatting and display routines. The use of string formatting, conditional logic, and external functions is typical for CLI error reporting. No indications of malicious behavior, such as network activity, system modification, or data theft. The design appears to be a straightforward error handling framework.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard error handling module for a CLI framework, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It does not contain malicious behavior, obfuscation, or supply chain threats. Its purpose is to manage and display error messages safely.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}