{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom exception classes and utility functions for error handling and messaging in a CLI framework, specifically related to user input validation, error reporting, and control flow management.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from method parameters, class attributes, and function calls such as 'resolve_color_default()', 'get_text_stderr()', and parameter objects. It also uses string formatting and external translation functions.",
  "sinks": "The main sinks are the 'echo()' function calls which output messages to stderr or files, formatted with user-provided messages or internal data. There are no direct data leaks or unsafe system calls.",
  "flows": "Sources (inputs like error messages and parameters) flow into formatted output via 'echo()' calls in the 'show()' methods of exceptions. User input validation occurs via parameter objects, with messages generated accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or anomalies are present. The code uses standard exception handling, string formatting, and safe data output methods. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly focuses on error handling within a CLI framework, with classes to represent various errors and methods to display messages. No data is sent over networks, no files are maliciously modified, and no suspicious behaviors are detected. Usage of translation functions and string joins are standard. The code appears to be well-structured for exception management, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of CLI exception classes and utility functions for error reporting. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. It appears to be safe and legitimate, serving its purpose within a CLI application framework.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}