{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes and functions to read, write, and manipulate HEIF/AVIF images, including support for multiple images, metadata extraction, and conversion to Pillow images.",
  "sources": "Data is read from files or byte streams via functions like _get_bytes, and image data from external sources such as Pillow images or bytes objects.",
  "sinks": "Image data is written to files or file-like objects via functions like _encode_images and save. Metadata such as EXIF and XMP can be retrieved and potentially manipulated.",
  "flows": "Input streams or files are read into byte arrays; these are parsed to create internal image representations; image data can be converted to Pillow images or saved back to files; metadata flows are extracted and attached during conversions.",
  "anomalies": "Use of _pi_heif.load_file() with parameters influenced by external input, though mitigated by checks. The import of _pi_heif and fallback to DeferredError indicates potential runtime issues but not malicious intent. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity is present. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution patterns are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly involves image processing workflows, including reading from files/bytes, decoding images, metadata handling, and saving images. It uses standard Python practices, relies on external libraries like PIL and _pi_heif, and contains checks to ensure data integrity. There are no signs of malicious code such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The import fallback to DeferredError is a normal pattern for optional dependencies. No suspicious behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a well-structured image processing library for HEIF/AVIF formats, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs standard image handling tasks securely. The use of external library loading and metadata handling is consistent with legitimate functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}