{
  "purpose": "The code implements a versatile proxy server supporting multiple protocols (HTTP, SOCKS, Shadowsocks, QUIC, H3, SSH, etc.), allowing for proxy chaining, server setup, and URL testing.",
  "sources": "User inputs from command-line arguments, configuration files, network connections (read/write on sockets, datagram endpoints, SSH tunnels, QUIC streams), environment variables for SSL contexts, and data from HTTP requests and responses.",
  "sinks": "Data sent over network connections (including remote proxies, UDP endpoints, SSH connections, and QUIC streams), socket writes, datagram sends, SSL context setups, and possibly modification of system proxy settings.",
  "flows": "Input sources include command-line args, config files, network input. Data flows through proxy routing, protocol handlers, cipher encryption/decryption, and network send operations. Sinks include network transmission points such as socket writes, datagram sendto, and SSL context setups.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic imports for optional dependencies, extensive use of `asyncio` for network handling, and dynamic creation of SSL contexts and protocols. There are no obvious hardcoded secrets or credentials. Proxy configuration is flexible, and the code handles various protocols and transport methods. No obfuscated code, unusual variable names, or dynamic code execution are detected. No hidden backdoors or malicious payloads are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code thoroughly implements multiple proxy protocols with extensive network handling, including SSL, QUIC, H3, SSH, and UDP. It includes features for URL testing, server management, proxy chaining, and dynamic protocol handling. There are no signs of malicious payloads, code injection, or privacy violations. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The use of optional dependencies and dynamic context setups are standard for such applications. Overall, the code appears legitimate for its intended function as a multi-protocol proxy server. The code is complex but well-structured without suspicious anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a comprehensive, multi-protocol proxy server implementation without evidence of malicious behavior. It focuses on proxy management, protocol handling, and network communication. No malicious or sabotage features are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}