{
  "purpose": "Command-line interface for sorting TOML files with configurable options, including reading from stdin, writing to stdout or files, and handling configuration overrides.",
  "sources": "Reads from files, stdin, and configuration files (pyproject.toml); takes command-line arguments.",
  "sinks": "Writes sorted TOML content to files, stdout, or overwrites files; outputs error messages to stderr.",
  "flows": "Input data is read from specified files or stdin (source), processed via TomlSort, then outputted to files or stdout (sink). Configuration data flows from files and command-line args into sorting operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. No obfuscated code, no suspicious dynamic execution, no unexpected network activity or hidden behaviors. Configuration parsing and file operations are standard. No use of untrusted input in unsafe functions.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard CLI for a TOML sorting utility, with functions for reading files, parsing configuration, command-line argument handling, and invoking the sorting operation. The code uses safe file I/O and proper argument validation. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are present. External library 'tomlkit' is used for parsing TOML and appears legitimate. The code's structure and logic are consistent with a benign tool, primarily focused on sorting files as intended.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate, non-malicious CLI utility for TOML file sorting. It does not exhibit any signs of malware, malicious data leakage, or sabotage. The only potential concern could be the handling of configuration files, but the parsing logic is standard and safe. Overall, no security risks or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}