{
  "purpose": "The code defines a client class for interacting with the MineLead API, including methods for making GET and POST requests and a specific search function for lead data.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'api_key', 'domain', 'name', and 'max_emails'. It also reads response data from API responses via 'response.json()'.",
  "sinks": "The code potentially writes untrusted data into API request parameters, such as the API key, domain, name, and max_emails. It also processes responses, which could contain sensitive information.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('api_key', 'domain', 'name', 'max_emails') flow into request construction, which then makes HTTP requests. Responses from the API are parsed from JSON and passed into response classes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code appears straightforward without obfuscation. There are minor issues like using 'is' instead of '==' for string comparison, but this is a programming mistake rather than malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard API client implementation with methods for GET and POST requests. It validates the API key parameter at initialization. The _get and _post methods handle response parsing and error raising. The 'search' method constructs query parameters and calls _get. No suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration routines are present. The main concern is the potential mishandling of responses or exceptions, but these are typical for such API clients. There are no signs of malware such as system calls, network connections to suspicious domains outside the API base URL, or obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical API client for the MineLead service with no indications of malicious intent or malware. It performs standard request handling and response processing. Minor coding issues are present but do not relate to security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}