{
  "purpose": "The code provides a client interface for interacting with the MineLead API to search for email leads based on domain and name.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from method parameters such as 'api_key', 'domain', 'name', and 'max_emails'. It also reads response data from HTTP responses received via 'requests.get' and 'requests.post'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the HTTP response JSON parsing, and the raising of exceptions with error messages. Data returned from the API response is encapsulated into MLSearchResponse objects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method parameters into API request URLs and query parameters; responses are parsed from HTTP responses and converted into response objects; errors can trigger exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present; API key is provided at runtime. No obfuscated code or unusual code structures are detected. The code appears standard in structure and formatting.",
  "analysis": "The code securely manages the API key by passing it as a parameter, avoiding hardcoded secrets. It uses standard requests library calls with proper exception handling for JSON decoding errors. No malicious network activity or data leaks are evident. Error handling raises specific exceptions without revealing sensitive info. The code does not perform any file writing, system modifications, or network activities outside of API requests. No suspicious or malicious code patterns such as dynamic code execution, backdoors, or covert data exfiltration are detected. The code is straightforward, with clear purpose and no anomalies suggestive of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a legitimate API client with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. It follows good practices for handling responses and errors. There are no indications of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling. Overall, it appears to be a safe and standard implementation.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}