{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client interface for interacting with the MineLead API, including methods for authenticated GET and POST requests and a specific search function for retrieving leads based on domain or name.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'api_key', 'domain', 'name', and 'max_emails'. It also reads response data from API responses via 'response.json()'.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows include API responses processed with 'response.json()' which could potentially be malicious if the API server sends malicious payloads, but this is expected and managed. The code also constructs URLs and request parameters that could be exploited if inputs are maliciously crafted, especially in 'search' parameters.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('api_key', 'domain', 'name') are used in constructing API requests via '_get' and '_post'. The responses are parsed and returned as response class objects, which could be exploited if the server responds maliciously. The flow from input to output involves reading parameters, making API calls, parsing responses, and returning objects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The only potential concern is the usage of user-supplied 'domain' and 'name' parameters directly in API requests, but this is typical for client code and not inherently malicious. There is a minor bug: 'if error is \"error\"' should be 'if error == \"error\"' (but this is a bug, not malicious). No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as an API client, constructing requests with provided parameters, handling responses, and raising exceptions on errors. There is proper exception handling around JSON parsing. The use of user-supplied data in request parameters is standard for API clients, not malicious. The code does not include any obfuscated or suspicious logic, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. Overall, it appears to be standard API client code with no malicious intent or dangerous behaviors. The bug in 'if error is \"error\"' is a code logic error but not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard API client implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It handles user inputs and API responses in a typical manner. There are no backdoors, suspicious network activity, or malicious code. The only issue is a minor bug in the error comparison, but it does not impact security or intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}