{
  "purpose": "This code implements a client class for interacting with the MineLead API, managing API keys, constructing GET and POST requests, and providing a search method for leads.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from method parameters such as 'domain', 'name', and 'max_emails'; it also reads the API key during initialization.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the API request methods ('requests.get' and 'requests.post') which send data over the network; response parsing could lead to data leaks if responses contain sensitive info, but no malicious data handling is evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into request parameters; the '_get' and '_post' methods send requests to the API endpoint; responses are parsed and converted into response objects, with error handling for JSON decoding and API errors.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'is' instead of '==' for string comparison ('if error is \"error\"'), which is a bug and could cause logical errors in error handling. No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward API client with standard request handling and error management. The primary concern is the use of 'is' for string comparison, which can lead to incorrect error detection. No signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration are present. The network interactions are limited to the specified API endpoint. The response parsing and request construction follow typical patterns. The bug does not introduce security vulnerabilities but should be fixed for correctness. The malware score is 0, as no malicious behavior is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, indicating clear code. The security risk score is low (~0.2), mainly due to the minor bug and reliance on external API responses, which is standard for such clients.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard API client with no signs of malware or malicious intent. The only issue is a minor bug in string comparison ('is' vs '=='), which does not impact security. The overall security risk is low, and the malware score is zero. Fixing the bug would improve correctness but is not critical for security. The code is safe for use, with no malicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}