{
  "purpose": "The code provides tools for data validation, quality assessment, schema enforcement, and dataset analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input dictionaries (documents), configuration parameters for schema and thresholds, and external dependencies (jsonschema).",
  "sinks": "The code processes data internally; potential sinks include error reporting, statistics calculations, and schema generation. No direct data leakage, network, or system command execution occurs.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through validation, quality checks, and schema generation functions; errors are collected and reports generated. No external system or network interactions are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code uses standard libraries and functions; no obfuscation or dynamic code execution is present. No hidden or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly focuses on data validation, quality assessment, and schema inference, employing standard libraries such as jsonschema and statistics. It performs input validation, statistical analysis, and schema generation with clear, straightforward logic. All functions handle data securely without executing external commands, network requests, or manipulating system resources. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, malicious data exfiltration, or code injection patterns are present. The use of regex for pattern matching is safe, intended for data validation, not code execution. The code does not include any suspicious or malicious functions, scripts, or network calls. External dependencies are standard and used appropriately. Overall, the code appears designed solely for data validation and analysis purposes, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard data validation and analysis module with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It employs common libraries and techniques for data quality checks and schema generation, with no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data leaks.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}