{
  "purpose": "The class TokenCryptor provides simple substitution-based encryption and decryption methods for strings, replacing characters with emojis and other symbols for obfuscation purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input strings via the encrypt() and decrypt() methods, which take a string or encrypted token as input.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data to external sources, perform network operations, access files, or execute external commands. No data leaks or external effects are present.",
  "flows": "Input strings are transformed character-by-character through chained replace() calls in both encrypt() and decrypt() methods, converting characters to emojis and vice versa.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive character substitution without any cryptographic mechanisms or validation, which is suspicious if intended for secure encryption. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. The use of emojis is unconventional but not inherently malicious. No obfuscation, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The class implements a simple substitution cipher based solely on replacing characters with emojis and symbols for obfuscation, not security. The methods do not execute external code, access external data, or perform any network activity. The design does not appear to be malicious but is ineffective for security purposes. No anomalies such as hidden code, secrets, or malicious actions are detected. The code structure is straightforward, with explicit replace() chains, which are clear and maintainable.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign character substitution utility intended for obscuring strings with emojis and symbols. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The only concern is that it offers no real security, but it does not pose any security threats or malware risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}