{
  "purpose": "The code implements a request handler for the EasyPost API, managing request construction, encoding, and response interpretation, including error handling.",
  "sources": "Reads include API key from client object, user-agent information from platform functions, input parameters for API requests, and request body data.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data could be exposed via request headers (API key), and request/response bodies during API calls. URL construction with parameters could be exploited if parameters are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are converted and encoded, then used to make HTTP requests via either requests or urlfetch libraries. Responses are parsed, and errors are raised based on response content and status codes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code constructs user-agent strings dynamically but does so securely. No suspicious URL manipulations or data leaks are observed. Usage of try-except blocks with broad exception handling appears standard for robustness.",
  "analysis": "The code follows typical API client design, handling request encoding, making HTTP calls, and interpreting responses. It properly encodes URL parameters, manages different HTTP methods, and secures headers with API keys. Error handling maps status codes to exceptions. The user-agent string is built dynamically with platform info, but no obfuscation or suspicious behavior is detected. The request hooks and response hooks indicate extendability but do not introduce malicious behavior. External requests are safely managed with exception handling. No signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious actions are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate API request handler with no malicious or sabotage code. It adheres to standard practices for secure API communication and error handling. No indicators of malicious intent or security risks were identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}