{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for data parsing, type conversion, and sanitization, possibly used for processing inputs or configuration data.",
  "sources": "Input data from function arguments, environment variables, or external sources passed into the functions.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed and returned; no direct sink such as network transmission, file writing, or database interaction is present within this snippet.",
  "flows": "Input data is received by various functions, sanitized or converted, then returned. No external data flow or untrusted data propagation to external systems is observed.",
  "anomalies": "Function names and variable names are obfuscated or non-descriptive, which might be an attempt to hide intent. The presence of numerous functions with similar patterns suggests code masking or obfuscation. No hardcoded credentials or direct malicious code (e.g., system commands, network calls) are visible. Usage of custom enum imports without context is benign but warrants further review if these enums are suspect.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines multiple utility functions for type conversion, sanitization, and data normalization. Functions like LZIwptIXEbPuwZwVImaXWXKXHKnVOkDO, HOJhSMEQhxcWFCalocxMBurNINGFJazP, and others perform safe conversions or cleaning of input data. datetime parsing functions safely parse date strings with specified formats. The function oZLSLyTjZhswlmpistqqDPQfhksCHtIf converts 'J'/'N' to boolean, which is straightforward. No network, file, or system modification code is present, nor are there indications of data exfiltration or backdoors. The obfuscation of identifiers might suggest an attempt to hide malicious intent, but on static review, the code appears to serve data sanitization purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily utility functions for data parsing and sanitization, with obfuscated naming that could hint at concealment. There are no direct signs of malicious behavior or malware in this snippet. However, the obfuscation and lack of context warrant cautious review if used within larger, untrusted environments. Overall, no active malicious actions are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}