{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for data sanitization, type conversion, and date parsing, primarily to normalize and process input data.",
  "sources": "Input data from external sources or user inputs passed to functions such as WmiznctaPPMCxGUARSTEcLprldYLvxdB, value parameters, environment variables, or data streams.",
  "sinks": "Data flows internally through sanitization functions, conversions, and enum handling; no external system calls, network operations, or file access detected.",
  "flows": "Input data is received, sanitized or transformed via functions like kVeLKWCKsLKgFNphjMCRikvlatJdSofv, TSIWdHfVUKkAeAlmHhmOYEZHaIYPoIOS, etc., then returned or passed to enums or date parsing functions.",
  "anomalies": "Highly obfuscated naming conventions; no malicious code or external interactions; functions perform straightforward operations, but naming suggests potential concealment.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises a set of utility functions for data normalization, type conversion, and date parsing, with obfuscated identifiers. No network, file, or system commands are present. Functions sanitize input by stripping characters, converting types, and parsing dates. Enums are imported with obscure names but are used in standard conversions. The obfuscation raises suspicion but does not inherently indicate malicious intent. No malicious behavior, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system manipulation, is evident. The malware score remains low (0.0-0.2), justified by the benign nature of the functions but acknowledging obfuscation. The security risk score is similarly low (~0.2), reflecting minimal threat. Overall, the code appears to be a utility module with obfuscated naming, possibly for concealment, but lacking active malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a collection of data sanitization and conversion utilities with obfuscated identifiers. No evidence of malicious activity or security vulnerabilities is detected. The obfuscation warrants caution but does not imply malicious intent based on static analysis. The current scores are appropriate; a slight increase in malware score to around 0.2 could be considered due to obfuscation, but 0.1 remains reasonable. Overall, the code is benign, serving as a utility module, with obfuscation being the primary concern.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}