{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom middleware class for the Slack Bolt framework, allowing user-defined functions to process requests and responses within the middleware pipeline.",
  "sources": "The code reads function objects ('func'), callable arguments, and external logging configurations. It also reads request ('req') and response ('resp') objects passed during middleware processing.",
  "sinks": "The user-defined function ('func') is called with dynamically built keyword arguments, which include request, response, logger, and next function. The dynamic invocation could be a sink if 'func' executes untrusted code or handles untrusted input improperly.",
  "flows": "Input data (function object, request, response) flows into the middleware's process method, which constructs kwargs and calls the user-provided 'func'. The 'func' then executes with these kwargs, potentially leading to malicious behavior if untrusted code is provided.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded secrets detected. The code uses dynamic function calls and constructs, which, while flexible, could be exploited if 'func' is malicious. The reliance on user-supplied functions without validation introduces potential risk, but this is typical for middleware extension points. No obfuscated or suspicious language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a middleware class that executes a user-supplied function with dynamically constructed keyword arguments, including request, response, logger, and a 'next' callback. It utilizes external utilities for obtaining function argument names and logger setup. The code itself does not contain malicious logic but acts as a conduit for user-defined functions, which could be malicious if the 'func' parameter is malicious. No hardcoded secrets or malicious behaviors are present in this code snippet. The dynamic nature of calling 'func' is standard for middleware systems but could be exploited if untrusted code is provided, although the code itself does not facilitate such behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard middleware implementation that calls a user-provided function with specific arguments. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware on its own. Its security risk is low, assuming the provided 'func' is trustworthy. No obfuscation is present, and no malicious patterns are detected within this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}