{
  "purpose": "Defines a custom middleware class for Slack Bolt framework to process requests and responses with configurable functions.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'req' (BoltRequest), 'resp' (BoltResponse), and 'next' (Callable). The code also retrieves the logger and function metadata.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the invocation of 'self.func' with dynamically built keyword arguments, which could potentially include untrusted data if 'self.func' processes untrusted input or if 'build_required_kwargs' incorporates malicious data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources ('req', 'resp', 'next') through 'build_required_kwargs' into 'self.func', which is called with those arguments, potentially leading to the execution of untrusted code if 'self.func' is malicious or compromised.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of obfuscated code. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious logic are evident. The code appears standard for a middleware pattern. Usage of dynamic argument building is typical, not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a middleware class that dynamically invokes a provided function with a set of constructed keyword arguments. It relies on external functions ('build_required_kwargs', 'get_arg_names_of_callable') to prepare arguments. There are no indications of malicious code such as network operations, file manipulations, or data exfiltration. The function 'self.func' could be malicious if supplied externally, but as a pattern, this is common and not inherently malicious. The code appears safe, assuming 'self.func' is trusted. There is no evidence of malware or malicious intent within this code fragment itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard middleware implementation with no apparent malicious behavior or security risks. Its safety heavily depends on the trustworthiness of the 'func' provided. No anomalies or suspicious patterns are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}