{
  "purpose": "The script processes pylint exit codes to decode, interpret, and display messages related to code quality issues, and allows command-line configuration of enforcement levels.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from command-line argument 'pylint_exit_code'. No other external sources or data inputs are used.",
  "sinks": "Output occurs via print statements displaying messages and enforcement status. No data is written to files, network, or external systems.",
  "flows": "The main flow takes a pylint return code, decodes it to messages, displays these messages, and determines an appropriate exit status. Command-line flags modify enforcement settings that influence decoding behavior.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors observed. The code is straightforward and does not contain obfuscated language features. No suspicious network activity, file operations, or data theft mechanisms are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs decoding of integer exit codes into human-readable messages and manages enforcement settings via command-line options. Functions like 'decode', 'get_messages', 'get_exit_code', and 'handle_exit_code' handle logical processing without external dependencies or system manipulation. The enforcement adjustment functions modify internal state variables that influence message decoding but do not perform any malicious actions. No suspicious loops, dynamic code execution, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The overall structure and functions are consistent with a utility script for handling pylint exit codes, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a utility for interpreting pylint exit codes and configuring message enforcement levels. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious network/file operations. Its purpose is solely to interpret and display pylint results with configurable enforcement, making it safe from supply chain malicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 3
}