{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and methods for analyzing and visualizing data related to foraminifera, bryozoans, and related ecological parameters, primarily for scientific research.",
  "sources": "Data is read from CSV and Excel files via pandas functions ('pd.read_csv' and 'pd.read_excel') during object initialization.",
  "sinks": "Data processing and plotting methods generate visualizations using matplotlib and seaborn, which do not introduce security risks. No network communication or file execution occurs based on untrusted input within this code.",
  "flows": "Data is read from files during object creation, then processed through validation, calculations, and normalization. The processed data is used in plotting functions, which generate figures without executing untrusted code or sending data externally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are detected. No use of eval, exec, or other dynamic code execution methods. Functions perform typical data analysis and visualization tasks without obfuscation or misleading code.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on data ingestion, validation, normalization, statistical analysis, and plotting. The data input functions are standard and do not contain any dynamic code execution or network operations. Warnings are used appropriately for data validation issues. Visualization functions generate plots based on provided data without executing untrusted code or network activity. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious privacy-invasive operations are present. The structure and implementation follow typical scientific data analysis patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate data analysis tool for ecological research involving foraminifera and bryozoans. It does not contain any malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or obfuscated code. The security risk is negligible, and the malware score is very low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}