{
  "purpose": "The code is designed for pretty-printing and formatting Python source code, specifically to improve line-wrapping and readability in decompilation outputs.",
  "sources": "The code reads input source code as strings, primarily in functions like pretty_source and split_lines.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct sinks that handle untrusted data for sensitive operations such as network communication, file writing, or system commands.",
  "flows": "The flow involves reading source code strings, processing and formatting them, and returning formatted source code. No data is transferred to external systems or insecure sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard formatting logic with no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. All operations are related to text processing and formatting. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or suspicious imports are present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides functions for line splitting, wrapping, delimiter grouping, and parentheses addition to reformat Python code source. It operates solely on string and list manipulations, with no external system calls, network operations, or credential handling. The presence of functions like add_parens, split_group, and delimiter_groups indicates complexity in formatting logic, but none suggest malicious intent. The code lacks any suspicious or malicious patterns such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors. All functions are purely for code formatting purposes. No hardcoded credentials, external communications, or obfuscated patterns are present. The code is well-structured for its purpose, with no signs of malicious sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a benign source code formatter intended for prettifying Python source code during decompilation. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. Its purpose is purely related to text manipulation for code readability, with no indicators of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}