{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to configure, build, and install a Python backport of the subprocess module, specifically for Python 2.x environments, including custom build commands and setup configuration.",
  "sources": "Data is read from environment variables, system calls (os.system, os.stat), and command-line arguments (sys.argv). It also reads the script file itself for its own content during execution.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include os.system (which executes shell commands), and file system interactions like os.stat and os.path.exists which could be misused if inputs are manipulated.",
  "flows": "Input data from environment variables or file system checks flow into os.system calls and file status checks, but these are standard operations without external untrusted input. The code executes './configure' via os.system, which could be manipulated if the script path or environment is compromised, but no direct untrusted input handling is evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The script performs standard build configuration routines. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are used. The use of os.system to invoke './configure' is standard for build scripts, not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines build commands for a Python package, with conditional logic for Python 2 and Python 3 environments. It checks file timestamps before running a shell script, then proceeds to build extensions. No network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoor functionalities are present. The os.system call is used to run a local './configure' script, typical for build processes. There is no use of untrusted user input, nor any code injection or malicious payloads detected. The code adheres to standard setup and build routines with no suspicious anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate setup utility for a Python subprocess backport library, implementing standard build configuration procedures. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident based on this code. It is a normal, well-structured build script with no signs of malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}