{
  "purpose": "This code defines a static mapping of codec names to their corresponding prefix values and vice versa, likely used for serialization, hashing, addressing, or encoding purposes within a larger application or library.",
  "sources": "The data is statically defined within the CODECS dictionary; no external input, data, or environment variables are read.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks where untrusted data is processed or outputted; the code simply creates lookup tables from static data.",
  "flows": "There are no data flows involving untrusted sources to sinks; the code only constructs two dictionaries for lookup purposes.",
  "anomalies": "The file includes an initial comment indicating it is generated automatically, which is a common practice to avoid manual editing. The large number of entries for cryptographic hash prefixes and other identifiers could be used maliciously if manipulated or replaced, but within this code, all data appears to be static and predefined. No code execution, network activity, or credential handling is present. No obfuscation or suspicious language features are used.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward static declaration of dictionaries mapping names to numeric prefixes and vice versa. It includes a comprehensive set of identifiers for serialization formats, multiformat protocols, hash functions, network protocols, IPLD data types, namespaces, cryptographic key types, and Holochain-specific identifiers. The presence of extensive cryptographic and protocol-related constants does not suggest malicious intent; these are standard in such libraries. The comment indicates auto-generation, which reduces suspicion of intentional malicious code. There are no functions, no dynamic code execution, no input/output operations, nor any data handling that could be exploited. Overall, the code appears to be a benign static configuration table.",
  "conclusion": "This file is a static, auto-generated mapping of protocol and cryptographic identifiers to numeric prefixes, used for encoding or decoding data within a larger system. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious operations. The extensive set of constants is consistent with typical serialization and protocol handling libraries. No malware or security risks are evident from this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}