{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for selecting and analyzing SQL statements using different database analyzers within a Django migration linter.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'analyser_string', 'database_vendor', and 'sql_statements'. It also uses logger for debug output.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the dynamic return of a class type based on input strings, and the creation of analyser instances which then perform analysis via their 'analyse' method. No untrusted data directly reaches sensitive operations or external systems.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('analyser_string', 'database_vendor', 'sql_statements') flow into functions that select appropriate analyser classes, which are then instantiated and used to analyze SQL statements.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or unusual behavior observed. The code performs standard class selection and method invocation based on input parameters.",
  "analysis": "The code imports modules and defines a mapping for SQL analyzers, then provides functions to select the appropriate analyzer class based on input strings or database vendor strings. It raises errors for unknown analyzers or unsupported vendors. The 'analyse_sql_statements' function creates an analyser instance, runs analysis, and returns issues detected. There are no indications of malicious code, backdoors, data leaks, or suspicious external communications. Usage of logging is benign, serving for debugging purposes. The functions rely on safe input validation and controlled class selection, with no dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard utility module for selecting and running SQL analysis classes. No malicious intent or security risks are evident. It does not process untrusted data in a dangerous way nor contains any suspicious behavior. Overall, this module appears safe and secure.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}