{
  "purpose": "This module implements a MCP server that interfaces with GeoServer REST API to manage geospatial data and services, enabling AI assistants to interact with geospatial resources.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (GEOSERVER_URL, GEOSERVER_USER, GEOSERVER_PASSWORD), command-line arguments, and function parameters (e.g., workspace, layer, request, style, etc.).",
  "sinks": "GeoServer REST API methods (geo.get_workspaces(), geo.create_workspace(), geo.get_layer(), geo.delete_layer(), etc.), HTTP requests made via requests.get() in query_features, and URL construction in generate_map.",
  "flows": "Input sources such as environment variables, parameters, and command-line args feed into functions that construct API calls or URL requests, which are then sent to GeoServer or external services. Data retrieved from GeoServer APIs or HTTP responses are returned as JSON or dict structures.",
  "anomalies": "Use of environment variables for sensitive credentials is standard, not suspicious. No hardcoded secrets are present. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or misleading variables are detected. All API interactions appear to be with expected GeoServer REST API methods. The code properly handles errors and exceptions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured implementation of a server that manages geospatial data via GeoServer REST API. It uses environment variables and arguments for configuration, and includes numerous resource and tool functions for managing workspaces, layers, styles, and map queries. HTTP requests are used for feature querying, but the URL and parameters are constructed securely, and the requests module is imported locally within the function scope. No suspicious network behavior, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. Credential handling relies on environment variables, which is common practice, and there are no hardcoded secrets or cryptic code segments. Error handling is appropriate, and no malicious code snippets are present. Overall, the code seems purpose-built for geospatial resource management with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a GeoServer management server, exposing REST API-based tools for geospatial data management. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. All interactions appear to be standard API calls and data processing routines, with no suspicious network activity or obfuscated code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}