{
  "purpose": "The code interacts with YouTube Data API to retrieve video snippets, statistics, and related videos, likely for analysis or content management purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from YouTube Data API via the 'youtube' object, and from external URL 'https://www.youtube.com/shorts/{video_id}' via HTTP HEAD request using the 'requests' library.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'requests.head' request which accesses external URLs, and the use of response data from the API calls. However, the API responses and URL responses are only used for data retrieval and do not directly lead to data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "flows": "Input from YouTube API and external URL requests are used to gather metadata, which then inform further API requests and logic decisions. There are no data flows that send data externally or to untrusted sources; the data is only retrieved and processed locally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution. The only external request is a simple HEAD request to check if a URL is a YouTube Shorts link. No data is sent externally other than this check.",
  "analysis": "The code performs API calls to retrieve video information and performs a simple external URL check to determine if a video is a YouTube Shorts. All API interactions are read-only and do not involve any form of data injection or modification. The external requests are safe and limited to status checks. No suspicious or malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection, is evident. The code structure is straightforward, with clear purpose and no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation for fetching and analyzing YouTube video data. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The only external request is a benign check for Shorts URL, which does not pose security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}