{
  "purpose": "The code appears to extend and customize behaviors related to stock shipment and cost sale handling in a Tryton-based ERP system, including calculations, state transitions, and related data management.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include database fields, user inputs via the ERP interface, and context settings from transactions. Specifically, fields such as shipment data, sale data, invoice lines, currencies, and context parameters for currency date and sale prices.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are database updates, function calls for currency computation, and transition methods that modify state fields and related records. Notably, functions like compute() from currency, and database save operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input fields and context parameters through computations (e.g., currency conversions), into internal variables and fields, and then into database updates during state transitions and invoice processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated class names, variable names, and method names, which can be suspicious. Use of 'raise NotImplementedError' and placeholder methods suggest incomplete or template code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity detected. The obfuscation may be an attempt to hide intentions, but no explicit malicious behavior is apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code heavily relies on the Tryton framework's ORM and workflow mechanisms, with custom methods for currency calculations, shipment state transitions, and cost handling. Obfuscated names make understanding difficult, but no malicious logic, such as network calls, file manipulation, or data exfiltration, is visible. The methods perform typical ERP operations like updating shipment costs, handling state changes, and computing currency values. The presence of NotImplementedError suggests incomplete code, not malicious. The code adheres to the pattern of typical application logic, with no signs of sabotage or malware. The obfuscation appears intentional but is not necessarily malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a heavily obfuscated customization of a Tryton ERP module, implementing shipment and cost sale logic without any evident malicious intent. Obfuscation may be for code protection or concealment, but no malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware features are detected based on this review.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}