{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate and analyze vibrational modes and eigenvectors for a crystalline material, likely for phonon or IR activity studies in a solid-state physics context.",
  "sources": "Inputs come from imported modules (`numpy`, `collections`, `ase.data`) and function parameters (`phdisp`, `masses`, `evec`, `elems`). No external data sources or untrusted input reading are evident.",
  "sinks": "No clear sinks or vulnerable points where untrusted data could cause security issues. The code mainly performs mathematical operations, array manipulations, and string mappings.",
  "flows": "Data flows from eigenvector calculations or displacement vectors through normalization and dot products to mode classification and labeling. No dangerous data flows or command execution are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated patterns. The code structure is consistent and mainly scientific computation-focused. No unusual dynamic code execution or external network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The script defines multiple vibrational modes as namedtuples, constructs dictionaries for symmetry labels, and provides functions to identify modes based on eigenvectors. It employs numpy for linear algebra, and the logic focuses on pattern matching eigenvectors to mode templates. No code reads from or writes to external systems in an insecure way, nor does it perform network communication, file I/O beyond imports, or system commands. All code seems standard for scientific analysis of vibrational modes, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard scientific module for phonon mode analysis with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not include network activities, secret data handling, or obfuscated code. The security risk is minimal, and the malware score is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}