{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a WebSocket server with customizable callback functions for client connection, disconnection, and message receipt, and starts an interactive console for user interaction.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily obtained from command-line arguments (server_name, host, port). There are no external data sources or user inputs beyond these arguments.",
  "sinks": "The code creates a WebSocket server instance and sets callback functions; these could be exploited if the callbacks are malicious, but in this code, they are predefined functions that only print messages. The interactive console could potentially execute arbitrary code if used improperly.",
  "flows": "Input from command-line arguments flows into server creation and configuration. The interactive console allows for execution of arbitrary code within the global context, potentially leading to malicious actions if misused.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'globals()' to dynamically create server instances with user-supplied names could be exploited to overwrite existing variables or execute arbitrary code in the console. The interactive console allows arbitrary code execution at runtime, which is inherently risky if accessed by an attacker.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes a WebSocket server with user-defined callback functions. It takes server parameters from command-line arguments, assigns the server object to a dynamically named global variable, and then opens an interactive console with access to all globals, including the server object. The use of 'globals()[server_name]' with user input could allow overwriting existing variables or executing arbitrary code if the input is malicious. The interactive console's presence means any user with access can run arbitrary code in the context of this script. The callback functions are simple print statements and do not themselves introduce malicious behavior. No external data sources or file inputs are used. The code does not include any network connections besides the WebSocket server; no suspicious or malicious external domains or IPs are hardcoded. Overall, the code itself does not contain malware but has high risks if exposed to untrusted users due to the interactive console and dynamic variable creation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is intended for setting up and interacting with a WebSocket server. It does not contain malicious payloads or behaviors but includes a potentially dangerous interactive console and dynamic global variable assignment that could be exploited if misused or exposed to malicious actors. The overall security risk is moderate, primarily due to the interactive console, which allows arbitrary code execution.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 4
}