{
  "purpose": "This class provides methods to encrypt and decrypt tokens using character substitution and string reversal, likely for obfuscation or simple encoding purposes.",
  "sources": "Input parameter 'token' in the encrypt method and 'encrypted_token' in the decrypt method, which are user-provided strings.",
  "sinks": "The returned strings from both methods, which could be stored, transmitted, or used elsewhere. No direct data leakage or sensitive information handling is evident within this code alone.",
  "flows": "Input token → substitution mapping in encrypt → string reversal in encrypt → output encrypted string → input encrypted string in decrypt → string reversal in decrypt → substitution reversal in decrypt → output original token.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs character substitution and string reversal without any external data validation, logging, or side effects. The methods are straightforward; no suspicious or hidden behavior is evident. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code are present.",
  "analysis": "The class implements simple encoding and decoding functions using static substitution tables and string reversal. The replacement_table is a static mapping for characters, used for obfuscation. The encrypt method transforms the input string based on this table and reverses it, prepending 'ENC#'. The decrypt method reverses the process. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, malicious backdoors, or harmful side effects. Usage of static tables and string reversal is common in obfuscation but does not constitute malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a simple encoding/decoding utility using character substitution and string reversal, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected. It does not involve any external data handling, network activity, or sensitive information processing. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}