{
  "purpose": "This class provides methods to encode and decode tokens using character replacements and string reversal, possibly for obfuscation or simple encryption.",
  "sources": "Input is received via the 'encrypt' and 'decrypt' methods, specifically the 'token' parameter and 'encrypted_token' parameter.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data to external systems, network, files, or other sinks. It simply returns transformed strings.",
  "flows": "The input 'token' flows through the 'encrypt' method, where characters are replaced and the string is reversed. The 'decrypt' method reverses this process by removing the prefix, reversing the string back, and mapping characters to their originals.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses a simple substitution cipher with character replacement and string reversal; no external data sources, network activity, or code injection points are present. The prefix 'ENC#' is used for encrypted tokens, but it is not validated or checked for correctness during decryption. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The cipher is trivial and easily reversible, but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The class implements basic obfuscation of tokens by character substitution based on a predefined mapping, followed by string reversal, and adds a fixed prefix during encryption. The decryption method removes this prefix, reverses the string again, and maps characters back to their original values. There are no external data accesses, network operations, or potentially malicious code behaviors. The encryption is weak and could be considered security through obscurity, but it is not malicious or harmful. No anomalies such as hidden backdoors or suspicious data leaks are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple obfuscation tool with no malicious intent or security risks. It does not perform any harmful actions such as data exfiltration, network communication, or code injection. Its purpose appears to be to obscure tokens in a reversible manner, with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}