{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom exception class and a function that returns error messages based on error codes, likely used for error handling and messaging within a larger application.",
  "sources": "The code reads static error codes and optional message arguments, particularly from the function parameters and exception instantiation.",
  "sinks": "String formatting operations within the function, primarily the use of `.format()` with untrusted input variables, could potentially lead to information leaks or formatting vulnerabilities if misused with untrusted data outside this code scope.",
  "flows": "Error code identifiers are passed to the function, which formats and returns specific messages. Exception objects are instantiated with error codes and message arguments, then generate corresponding messages via the function.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to use obfuscated variable names, which could be an attempt to hide its intent, but the overall logic is straightforward. No hardcoded credentials or network activity are present. No malicious actions or suspicious behavior are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code contains a custom exception class that stores an error code and message. The function `AHYFIYHpcShazQRCmMAXkTgFIBnvnEmU` maps error codes to descriptive messages, formatting some messages with input parameters. Variable naming is obscure, but the logic is benign. No input/output operations, network access, or system modifications are performed. String formatting is used for message creation, which could be problematic if input is from untrusted sources, but in this context, it appears to be used solely for error message generation. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The code is consistent with error handling in a larger system.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward error message generator with obfuscated variable names. No malicious intent or security risks are evident. The only minor concern is potential misuse of string formatting with untrusted input, but given its usage context, this does not constitute a security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}