{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes and methods to interact with the Notion API, enabling operations such as retrieving, updating, creating, and deleting blocks, pages, databases, users, comments, and search functionalities.",
  "sources": "Input data is received through method parameters such as block_id, database_id, page_id, user_id, and various kwargs. The only data read directly from outside is these method arguments, which are used to build API request parameters.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the self.parent.request method, which sends constructed API requests, including paths, methods, bodies, and query parameters. No other sinks are evident; all user inputs are incorporated into request parameters but do not directly execute code or leak data.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., IDs, kwargs) flow into request construction within each method, ultimately passing to self.parent.request, which performs the API call. There are no complex or dynamic code execution paths; data flows from method inputs into request parameters.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs. The code uses pick to filter kwargs, which is a common pattern for handling optional request parameters. No obfuscation, unusual language features, or dynamic code execution is present. The code is straightforward, modular, and consistent with standard API client design.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for various Notion API endpoints, encapsulating request logic with no dynamic or unsafe code execution. Input parameters are sanitized through pick, and all interactions are via API requests. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system manipulation. The overall structure is typical for an SDK wrapper and appears secure. The code does not handle sensitive data directly, nor does it execute untrusted code or connect to suspicious domains.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard API client implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It functions as a wrapper around the Notion API, securely passing parameters to request methods. No malicious intent, backdoors, or security flaws are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}