{
  "purpose": "Defines various tokenizer classes for text processing, including whitespace, word boundary, and Huggingface-based tokenizers, with utility functions for tokenizer selection and handling.",
  "sources": "Reads input texts for tokenization, tokenizer configuration and parameters, regex pattern in WordBoundaryTokenizer, and external library calls (transformers, jiwer).",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe calls to tokenizer.decode and convert_tokens_to_ids; access to external transformers library; internal data manipulations for offsets and tokens.",
  "flows": "Input texts are processed through tokenizer transformations, with possible detokenization and offset extraction. Data flows from user input to external library methods, then back into the code for processing or output.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Code uses standard library functions and well-known external libraries. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution observed. The only notable aspect is the reliance on external tokenizer libraries, which is standard in NLP tasks.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple tokenizer classes, utilizing established NLP libraries (transformers, jiwer, re). No network calls, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present. The methods perform standard tokenization, detokenization, and offset calculations. No hidden or malicious behaviors, no suspicious data handling, and no code that could lead to system harm are observed. The only point of concern could be external library dependencies, but they are standard in NLP workflows and do not constitute malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears legitimate and secure.",
  "conclusion": "The code provides a set of tokenizer classes for text processing without any signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It leverages standard NLP libraries and performs expected operations. No malicious behavior or supply chain attack indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}