{
  "purpose": "The code provides decorators and helper functions for parametrizing and managing test steps in pytest, including cross-step fixtures.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function arguments, decorator parameters, and imports from other modules. No external data sources are directly read during runtime.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include dynamic code execution via decorators like `wraps`, but no explicit code injection or unsafe eval statements are present. Fixture functions could be invoked multiple times, but only within pytest's test context.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (decorator args, fixture request objects) flow through helper functions, with some caching mechanisms to reuse fixtures across steps. No untrusted data flows into insecure sinks or triggers unsafe operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. The code relies on standard pytest fixture patterns, and no obfuscated code, network operations, or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured implementation of pytest decorators and fixture helpers for test step parametrization and scope management. It uses standard Python practices, including inspect signatures, decorator wrapping, and caching. No signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or data exfiltration are detected. The import statements are for standard and third-party modules used for decoration and introspection. The code includes input validation and scope checks but does not process untrusted external data or execute code dynamically from external sources.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate pytest utility implementation for managing test steps and fixtures. It contains no evidence of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. The structure and imports are consistent with standard testing utilities, and there are no suspicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}