{
  "purpose": "This code provides decorators and utility functions for enhancing pytest tests with step-based parametrization, generator support, and fixture management for test workflows.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters, decorator arguments, and imports from external modules.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks where untrusted data affects system state, leaks, or external communication. No code injection or insecure operations are found.",
  "flows": "Data flows from decorator arguments to function modifications, with control flow determining decorator behavior based on function type and mode. No external data flows to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes dynamic signature modifications using 'makefun' and 'add_signature_parameters', but this is standard for decorators. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior detected. The use of 'yield' in fixtures is legitimate for generator fixtures, no suspicious activity observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines decorators for pytest test parametrization, including support for generator functions and fixture caching across steps. It employs dynamic signature adjustments and checks for generator functions to select behavior. No obfuscated code features or suspicious patterns are identified. The imported modules are standard for test augmentation and do not exhibit malicious characteristics. The logic for handling fixture caching and decorator application is consistent with pytest plugin patterns. The code does not include network access, data exfiltration, or system modification commands. No hardcoded secrets or insecure practices are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate pytest extension aimed at enhancing test workflows with step management and fixture caching. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. The code structure is clean, with standard practices for dynamic signatures and decorator logic.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}