{
  "purpose": "The code provides decorators and utility functions for managing test steps and fixtures in pytest, specifically enabling parameterization and cross-step fixture behavior for testing frameworks.",
  "sources": "Function inputs (parameters such as steps, kwargs, step_param_names), decorators, and external modules (e.g., pytest, sys, makefun, inspect).",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage through returned fixture objects, exception messages, or logging. No evidence of data exfiltration, network activity, or system modification is present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (steps, kwargs, step_param_names) influence decorator logic, which then modifies or wraps test functions or fixtures. The flow is mainly internal with no external data or command execution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious or malicious code, or backdoors. The code involves standard testing utility patterns, dynamic function signature modifications, and fixture caching. No obfuscated code or code injection found.",
  "analysis": "The script defines pytest decorators for parameterizing tests with steps and managing shared fixtures across steps. It dynamically creates function signatures, wraps functions with caching behavior, and enforces scope restrictions. The code uses common Python and pytest patterns without suspicious external calls, network activity, or malicious logic. All functions operate within the testing context, manipulating function signatures and fixture instances. There are no indications of malware or malicious payloads, and no security vulnerabilities are evident. The code appears to be well-structured and intended solely for testing utility purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard testing utility module for pytest, focusing on parameterizing and sharing fixtures across test steps. There is no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks identified. The code's intent aligns with enhancing test management capabilities without compromising security.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}