{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python SDK client class for creating authentication tokens via an API, with synchronous and asynchronous methods.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters (x_glean_act_as, x_glean_auth_type, retries, server_url, timeout_ms, http_headers), environment variables (via get_security_from_env), and API response streams.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the network request functions (do_request, do_request_async), where data is sent over the network, and exception handling that may leak response details. However, no direct data leaks or unsafe code execution are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and environment variables are used to build API requests. The request data flows through _build_request methods to network calls. Responses are parsed, unmarshaled, and returned or raise errors based on response status.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are detected. The code uses standard library and SDK patterns, with no suspicious obfuscation or dynamic code execution. All parameters are handled securely, with no evident data leakage or malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a client SDK for an API endpoint that creates authentication tokens. It uses parameter inputs, environment variable retrieval, and network requests with error handling. The design is standard and does not include any suspicious or malicious constructs. No hardcoded credentials or covert data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code relies on secure parameter passing and standard request/response handling, with no indications of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical SDK client implementation for API interaction without any signs of malicious intent or security risks. It operates as expected for its purpose, with proper handling of network requests, responses, and errors. No malicious or harmful behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}