{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for interacting with an Elasticsearch server, including listing indices, retrieving mappings, performing searches, and checking cluster health and statistics.",
  "sources": "create_es_client() function call to establish an Elasticsearch client connection; process_response() to handle responses; input parameters such as index names and query bodies.",
  "sinks": "None explicitly, as the code does not write or transmit untrusted data beyond typical Elasticsearch interactions; no network data exfiltration or system modification code is present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., index names, query bodies) are used in Elasticsearch API calls, responses are processed and returned. No data flows out of the system in an untrusted manner.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward, with no hardcoded credentials or secrets. The use of dynamic inputs such as index names and query bodies is typical for such utility modules; no suspicious dynamic execution or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports necessary modules and defines asynchronous functions for interacting with Elasticsearch. Each function creates a client via create_es_client(), performs a specific API call, processes the response with process_response(), and then closes the client connection. Error handling is in place with try-except blocks, logging errors and re-raising exceptions. The functions handle common administrative tasks without any suspicious logic or malicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets or unusual code patterns are present. The code operates in a predictable manner, with no evidence of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate utility module for Elasticsearch management tasks. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious behavior. It follows standard practices for async API interactions and error handling. Overall, the code is safe, with a low malware score and security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}