{
  "purpose": "The code provides type utility functions and conditional imports to support type hints and introspection in Python, primarily for compatibility across different Python versions, specifically related to the 'typing' module and related features.",
  "sources": "The code reads the Python version information from 'sys.version_info' and the 'typing' module, including 'typing_extensions' for compatibility. It also evaluates types using functions like 'get_origin' and 'get_args'.",
  "sinks": "No sinks or data output points that handle untrusted data are present in this code. It does not perform any data storage, network communication, or system modification.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves importing modules based on Python version and defining utility functions that analyze types. No untrusted data flows into or out of the functions; the functions operate on provided type objects.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscated code, or malicious constructs are detected. The code is straightforward, mainly conditional imports and simple functions for type checking.",
  "analysis": "The code starts by importing necessary modules and conditionally importing type hinting components based on Python version, ensuring compatibility. It defines utility functions such as 'is_union', 'is_none_type', 'is_callable_type', 'is_literal_type', and functions to extract literal values. The functions rely on standard Python features and typing mechanisms. All functions perform simple checks or data retrieval from type objects without side effects. No code injection, external network activity, or secret handling is present. The code’s purpose is purely to support type introspection and compatibility across Python versions. The use of conditional definitions and imports appears to be a compatibility measure, not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility module for type checking and compatibility. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks. It simply supports type introspection tasks across different Python versions without performing any harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}