{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom Django model fields and utility functions for managing timestamps, status choices, text splitting, UUIDs, and token generation, primarily for use within Django models.",
  "sources": "Input sources include class attributes for status choices, model signals for auto-updating timestamp fields, and factory functions for token generation. Data is read from model instances and class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are setting model instance attributes during pre_save, deconstruct methods, and default value functions, which could affect database entries or object states.",
  "flows": "Sources such as factory functions or class attributes provide data that flows into model fields or default values; timestamp fields use current time; token fields generate tokens via secrets or uuid functions; these flow into model attributes during save or initialization.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The code uses standard library functions for UUID and token generation; no obfuscated code, no unusual language features, and no dynamic code execution are present. Signal connections appear standard for Django models.",
  "analysis": "The code introduces several custom model fields with specific purposes: auto-populating timestamps, status choice management, monitoring field changes, text splitting with excerpt extraction, UUID generation with support for multiple versions, and token creation with factory functions. These functionalities rely on standard libraries (secrets, uuid) and Django features. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, system disruption, or malicious behavior. The signal handling and default value functions are typical for Django model fields. All usages of external functions are safe, and no suspicious network or file system activity is detected. The code appears to be well-structured, using standard practices for Django extensions, with no signs of obfuscation or hidden malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of Django model field extensions and utility functions aimed at enhancing model capabilities with timestamps, status choices, text management, UUIDs, and tokens. It employs standard Python and Django libraries, with no indications of malicious activity or supply chain security risks. The overall security assessment is that this code is safe and intended for legitimate application development.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}