{
  "purpose": "The code provides methods to interact with the audit subsystem of a system backend, allowing listing, enabling, disabling audit devices, and hashing inputs for audit purposes.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for methods such as 'path', 'device_type', 'description', 'options', 'local', and 'input_to_hash' that originate from function callers. Data for API requests is constructed from these parameters.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests made via self._adapter.post and self._adapter.delete with URLs formatted using user-controlled 'path' and 'device_type' variables, and JSON payloads including user-provided data.",
  "flows": "User inputs ('path', 'device_type', etc.) flow into URL construction and JSON payloads. These are then sent over HTTP requests to system endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. Use of utility functions 'remove_nones' and 'format_url' appears standard. No obfuscated code or malicious constructs identified.",
  "analysis": "The class provides API wrappers for audit device management and hashing functions. Inputs are used to construct URLs and request parameters. The use of 'utils.format_url' with user-controlled 'path' could potentially lead to URL injection if 'format_url' does not sanitize inputs properly, but assuming standard safe implementation, this is unlikely. The JSON payloads and URLs do not contain any malicious behavior or data leakage. No suspicious or malicious code is detected. The code depends on external utility functions, but no malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be standard API wrapper functions for audit management, with no evidence of malicious intent or malicious behavior. Potential URL injection depends on 'utils.format_url' implementation, but with typical usage, it is safe. Overall, the code is benign and does not pose security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}