{
  "purpose": "The code implements genetic algorithm operations, including crossover and mutation functions, manipulating a population of individuals for evolutionary optimization.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from class attributes such as 'population' and function parameters, including lists representing individuals or gene sequences.",
  "sinks": "Population objects are modified via functions like 'PBqVaTbwaRhRvCqhLJUgLxSYFvpJboKX', which update the internal gene lists; no external data leaks or network activity are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and class attributes through genetic operations (crossover, mutation) back into the population, with internal function calls managing gene sequences.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation with variable names like 'KMPNYGjhFMiOYkKMWiSoAsasBOXQfckn', undefined variables such as 'gene_pair', and complex control flows. The lambda function adds to obfuscation. Usage of 'choices' with an undefined 'gene_pair' indicates incomplete or intentionally concealed logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated, making understanding difficult. It performs genetic algorithm operations, including crossover and mutation, with functions decorated by custom decorators. The presence of undefined variables and obfuscated naming suggests concealment. No external network or file I/O is observed, and no data exfiltration or system modification outside the population data occurs. The suspicious handling of numeric values (e.g., replacing with random integers) and complex control flows could hide malicious intent, but no explicit malicious activity such as network communication, file tampering, or privilege escalation is evident. The obfuscation likely aims to conceal the true logic, but the core functions appear to be standard GA operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a heavily obfuscated genetic algorithm implementation with no concrete evidence of malicious activity. The high obfuscation score reflects intentional concealment, but the absence of external malicious actions suggests a low malware risk. The moderate security risk score accounts for the potential of obfuscation to hide malicious logic, warranting cautious handling. Overall, the code appears benign but warrants further review if used in untrusted environments.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}