{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python library for financial technical analysis, extending pandas DataFrames with indicator functions, and provides strategies for analysis.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily read from pandas DataFrame objects, user-provided data sources (e.g., ticker data via yfinance), and parameters for indicator calculations.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow through indicator functions, strategy execution, or data input methods; however, the code does not directly perform unsafe operations like system commands or network actions.",
  "flows": "Data is read from DataFrame columns and external data sources; indicator functions process this data; results are appended or returned, with no evidence of data leakage or malicious output handling.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are observed. The code includes standard data processing and indicator calculation functions without obfuscated or malicious constructs. The 'get_time' function appears to be imported or defined elsewhere, but this is standard for timestamping. The 'yf' function for Yahoo Finance data retrieval is commented out or implied but not fully included; however, no malicious activity is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily offers a structured approach to technical analysis, with extensive use of pandas for data handling and indicator calculation. There are no signs of code injection, system disruption, data exfiltration, or network communications within this fragment. The functions are mostly data processing utilities, and the only potentially risky part involves downloading external data via yfinance, which is a common and safe practice if used properly. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate financial analysis library without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured financial analysis tool extending pandas DataFrames with technical indicators. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware patterns are present. It appears safe for use in supply chain scenarios, assuming external dependencies are legitimate. The risk score is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}