{
  "purpose": "This module defines constants, Unicode characters, and regular expressions for processing Arabic text, including diacritics, ligatures, and letter mappings.",
  "sources": "The code imports standard modules 're', and custom modules 'pyarabic.stack' and 'pyarabic.araby_const'. No external data input or untrusted sources are explicitly read in this snippet.",
  "sinks": "The code compiles regex patterns for text processing; these could potentially be used to process untrusted input in larger applications, but within this snippet, no data is sent to external systems or manipulated insecurely.",
  "flows": "Not explicitly present in this code snippet, as it primarily defines constants and regex patterns without processing specific data streams.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. It appears to be a straightforward setup for Arabic text processing. There is no obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or suspicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code defines Unicode constants for Arabic characters, diacritics, ligatures, and related symbols. It then compiles several regex patterns to match these characters within text, such as HARAKAT, TASHKEEL, HAMZAT, and ligatures. The patterns are prepared for further text processing in other parts of an application. There is no data input/output, external network activity, or execution of code based on external untrusted data. The imported modules 'pyarabic.stack' and 'pyarabic.araby_const' are external libraries, but their usage isn't shown here, and their inclusion alone is not suspicious. Overall, this appears to be a benign utility module for Arabic text handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility setup defining constants and regex patterns for processing Arabic text. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. It appears to be safe and intended for text normalization or parsing purposes.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 4
}