{
  "purpose": "This module manages OAuth2 credentials for accessing Google APIs, including obtaining, refreshing, and saving user or service account credentials.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user input (authorization codes), credentials cache files, environment configurations, and external authentication flows such as Google Colab and local web servers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include credentials cache files, input prompts, and network requests for OAuth token exchanges.",
  "flows": "Sources include user input (authorization code input, environment variables, cache files). Flows involve fetching and refreshing OAuth credentials, possibly involving web server redirects or browser-based authentication. Data flows from user input or cache files into credential objects, which are then used for API access or stored in files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded sensitive credentials are present; client secrets are stored in variables but are not necessarily malicious. Broad exception handling for Google Colab auth and OAuth errors is present but not suspicious. The presence of plaintext client secrets could be a concern if they are actual secrets, but these are likely placeholder or public info. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or suspicious network activity is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles OAuth2 credential management, including obtaining, refreshing, and storing credentials for Google API access. It uses standard OAuth flows, with options for local webserver or console-based authentication. Sensitive information such as client secrets is stored in variables but appears to be standard or placeholder. No code attempts to exfiltrate data, connect to unknown domains, or perform malicious actions. The broad exception handling for third-party and Google-specific errors is not suspicious. The code's structure and usage are typical for authentication modules, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard OAuth credential management module for Google APIs, with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. The only concern is the storage of client secrets in plaintext variables, which should be secured or managed securely outside the code. Overall, the code appears safe and functional for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}