{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this code is to process and split lines of SQL or templated code for formatting purposes, based on specific rules for splitting before or after certain nodes.",
  "sources": "Input is from the method maybe_split which takes a Line object, and from the nodes within the Line object, which are processed to determine splitting points.",
  "sinks": "No obvious sinks such as network communication, file writes, or system command executions are present. The code primarily manipulates in-memory objects and calls methods for node management and line creation.",
  "flows": "The flow starts from analyzing a Line object, determining split points based on node properties, and creates new Line instances accordingly. Comments and node properties influence how lines are split but do not lead to untrusted data flow beyond internal object handling.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code appears standard for a formatting utility, with clear, descriptive method names and assertions. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated logic, or suspicious behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a line splitter for SQL or template code, designed to format code lines based on syntax nodes. It inspects node properties like is_newline, is_comma, is_operator, and others to determine where to split. The methods involve typical data handling, with no indications of external data injection, network access, or malicious payloads. Assertions ensure data integrity, and the code avoids complex or obfuscated logic. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or data leaks. The code's logic is transparent and consistent with formatting utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard line formatting utility with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs internal manipulations to split code lines based on syntactic rules, without external or untrusted data flows. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}