{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to modify README content by updating version-specific links and badges to reflect the current project version, and then embed the modified content into project metadata during a build process.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the README file specified by the 'readme' configuration parameter, particularly via 'readme_path.read_text()'. It also reads the 'version' from metadata.",
  "sinks": "The code writes back the modified README content into the metadata dictionary under the 'readme' key. No external sinks or network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input from the README file is processed through regex substitutions in 'freeze_readme_versions'. The modified text then flows into the 'metadata' dictionary for further use.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard regex substitutions for updating version references. There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code behaviors. The code manipulates content based solely on patterns and does not execute or evaluate untrusted code.",
  "analysis": "The script imports necessary modules and defines a function to update version references within README text using regex. The 'CustomMetadataHook' class implements an interface to update project metadata by reading the README file, applying version updates, and storing the result. The regex patterns are straightforward and focused on replacing specific strings related to versioning and badges. No network activity, code injection, or obfuscation is present. The code's purpose aligns with typical build process modifications without any suspicious behaviors or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign build hook intended to update version references in README files for consistency in project metadata. There are no signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or security risks. It functions solely to modify static content based on the current project version.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 3
}