{
  "purpose": "The code creates command-line interface parsers from Python functions or classes by extracting argument information from signatures, data models (dataclasses, Pydantic), and docstrings, then dynamically generating a Tap subclass to parse arguments and invoke the target.",
  "sources": "Function or class signatures, data model fields (dataclasses, Pydantic models), and docstrings.",
  "sinks": "Invocation of the target function or class with parsed command-line arguments, including handling of extra kwargs.",
  "flows": "Command line arguments -> argument parser (generated from signature/data models/docstrings) -> parsed arguments -> function/class invocation.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation detected; standard dynamic argument parsing and reflection are used.",
  "analysis": "The code inspects functions, classes, and data models to extract argument info, then creates a subclass of Tap to parse CLI args. It handles data models from dataclasses and Pydantic, extracting field info and descriptions. It also inspects function signatures for parameters, including handling of positional-only and variable keyword arguments. The parsed arguments are then used to invoke the target function or class. No unsafe operations, code injection, or malicious routines are present. The use of external libraries (tap, pydantic, docstring_parser) is standard. The code's main risk stems from handling untrusted input, which is inherent in CLI tools but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard CLI argument parser generator leveraging reflection and data model introspection. No malicious or obfuscated code is present. The security risk is minimal and typical for CLI utilities, primarily related to untrusted input handling but not malicious activity. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the risk score (~0.1-0.2) is appropriate. Overall, the code is safe and suitable for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}