{
  "purpose": "The code defines several neural network classes for image classification tasks, mainly using residual blocks and custom configurations. It constructs model architectures based on provided parameters and generates a visual architecture diagram.",
  "sources": "Imports external modules and classes, including potentially obfuscated or dynamically named functions and classes. Reads model configuration parameters and input data (random tensor).",
  "sinks": "Uses imported functions and classes that process inputs and model configurations, and generates a network graph diagram saved to a file. No direct data leaks or harmful actions observed.",
  "flows": "Input tensor flows through the encoder and residual blocks into classifier, with configuration parameters guiding model structure. Diagram generation visually represents the network architecture.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of heavily obfuscated class and variable names, which may suggest code obfuscation or attempts to hide functionality. No hardcoded secrets or credentials detected. No dynamic code execution or network activity observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs a neural network using modular components, with configuration dictionaries specifying architecture details. Obfuscated naming conventions and dynamic class initializations are notable but do not directly indicate malicious intent. The code performs standard model setup and visualizes architecture with the 'hiddenlayer' library, which is benign. No signs of data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful side-effects are evident. The import of dynamic modules and function calls seems intended for flexible architecture definition rather than malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical neural network architecture definition script with obfuscated variable names and dynamic class loading. There are no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. The obfuscation might be for code hiding or complexity, but it does not imply malicious intent. Overall, it seems safe from supply chain malicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}