{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for process modeling related to flow loss coefficients in chemical engineering applications, specifically for screens, meshes, and grills with various geometries.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as alpha (open fraction), Reynolds number (Re), angles, and material or geometric properties like l, Dh, fd from function arguments. External libraries are imported but not used for input/output.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations returning loss coefficients, primarily floating-point outputs. No untrusted data is written or transmitted, and no system commands or external calls are made.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are processed through interpolations and mathematical formulas to produce loss coefficients. The flow is straightforward: inputs → calculations → outputs. No data is passed from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks that could cause harm or leaks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual code behaviors are present. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or system commands are used. The code relies on known mathematical models and external numerical functions. No malicious patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard engineering calculations with interpolation and mathematical formulas based on published references. It uses the 'fluids' library for numerical interpolations and evaluations, which are well-established functions. The functions are designed to compute flow loss coefficients based on parameters, with proper handling of variable cases and boundary conditions. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The code does not perform network operations, data exfiltration, or system modifications.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate utility library for flow coefficient calculations in chemical engineering contexts. It contains no malicious or sabotage behaviors. The implementation uses standard mathematical models and safe external libraries. No security risks or malware behaviors are evident.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}