{
  "purpose": "The code attempts to import and verify the availability of certain data processing libraries (pandas, numpy, pyarrow) and provides utility functions for compatibility checks and data sanitization related to pandas DataFrames.",
  "sources": "Imports within try-except blocks, module-level global variables, and function calls such as _try_import() and ensure_df_native_compat().",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive functions like _try_import() that load external modules, and the data sanitization process that manipulates DataFrame columns and values.",
  "flows": "The import verification functions call _try_import() which sets global variables based on library availability. Data sanitization functions manipulate DataFrame schemas and data before returning them, but do not execute external commands or network activity.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are observed. The code primarily deals with library imports and DataFrame processing. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are evident. The version check logic for pyarrow may be slightly unconventional but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs library import attempts with exception handling to avoid runtime failures, sets global flags for availability, and provides utility functions for checking library presence. The functions for sanitizing pandas DataFrames modify column schemas and handle categorical data, which is a typical data processing task. There are no indications of malicious code such as data exfiltration, command injection, or backdoors. The only potential concern is the manipulation of DataFrame columns, but this is benign and related to data normalization. The overall structure and content are consistent with legitimate data processing utilities, with no suspicious or malicious activities detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard utility module for handling library compatibility and pandas DataFrame normalization. There are no signs of malicious intent or malware. The supply chain security risk is very low; the module does not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoor operations. Overall, this code is safe based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}