{
  "purpose": "A logging utility that manages logs, handles exceptions, and reports logs to an external server via HTTP POST requests, using environment variables for configuration.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (LOGGER_URL, LOGGER_TOKEN, LOGGER_APP_NAME), exception handling frames, function arguments, and local variables.",
  "sinks": "HTTP POST request payloads containing error details, function parameters, and environment info; logs written to files.",
  "flows": "Exception occurs -> log_exception captures traceback and context -> logs are sent via register_log to external URL -> logs stored locally.",
  "anomalies": "Repeated import of traceback, use of global variable EXEC_ID without thread safety, no validation of environment variables, potential leakage of sensitive info in logs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard logging and error reporting module. It reads configuration from environment variables, captures detailed exception info, writes logs to files, and reports errors to an external server. No obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious patterns are present. The external requests depend on environment variables, which could be misused if endpoint is malicious, but this is typical for logging systems. The use of a global variable EXEC_ID is a minor design concern but not malicious. The code does not perform any malicious actions such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The detailed exception info could leak sensitive data if logs include secrets, but this is standard in error reporting. Overall, the code is benign, with a low security risk, and the scores assigned in the reports are appropriate.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard logging utility with exception handling and remote log registration. No malicious or obfuscated behavior is detected. The low security risk score of 0.2 is justified. The malware and obfuscation scores should remain at 0. The use of global variables and unvalidated environment variables are minor concerns but do not constitute security threats. Overall, the code poses minimal security risks and is suitable for use in production with standard precautions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}