{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to build Python wheel distributions for the 'pillow-heif' package, handling dependencies and compilation details across platforms.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from environment variables (e.g., PATH, PKG_CONFIG, CFLAGS, INCLUDE), filesystem (checking for files and directories), and subprocess commands (e.g., brew, xcrun).",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if environment variables containing sensitive info are used insecurely, but no such explicit usage is observed. Files are read to determine configurations, but no untrusted input is directly executed or written. The subprocess calls do not directly execute untrusted code; they invoke system commands like 'brew', 'xcrun', and 'pkg-config'.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and system commands provide configuration paths (sources). These paths are used to locate headers and libraries, influencing how extensions are built (sinks). The flow involves collecting include and library directories from env variables/system commands, then configuring build extensions accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code constructs paths and executes system commands but does not include obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. It handles Windows and macOS differently, which is standard for cross-platform build scripts. No backdoors or malicious code are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script performs environment inspection, system command invocation, filesystem checks, and configures build extensions for native modules. It does not include code injection, network communications, or data exfiltration. Its sole purpose is to facilitate building the package with appropriate dependencies, adjusting for platform differences. The subprocess calls are for configuration detection and are standard in build scripts. No suspicious or malicious patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build configuration script for a Python extension, focusing on dependency detection and compilation setup. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The security risk is negligible, as it performs expected build tasks without executing untrusted code or leaking data.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}