{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to configure and build the 'libheif' C library extension for a Python package, managing dependencies and platform-specific build steps.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (e.g., PATH, PKG_CONFIG, CFLAGS, INCLUDE, LIBRARY_PATH), reads text from 'pi_heif/_version.py', checks for system commands (e.g., 'pkg-config', 'brew', 'xcrun'), reads files like 'libheif.dll.a', 'libheif.lib', and checks for the presence of header files in include directories.",
  "sinks": "Potentially executes system commands (subprocess.check_output), copies files (copy), reads files for versioning, and searches for include/header files; no direct sinks for untrusted input leading to data leakage or execution of untrusted code are evident.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and system commands influence directory paths and build configurations. The code reads files and environment variables to determine include and library paths. No evident untrusted data flow reaches unsafe sinks such as command injection or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "Code performs extensive environment variable checks, file system manipulations, and system command executions. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. Use of 'os.system', 'subprocess.check_output', and file copying may pose risks if environment variables are manipulated maliciously, but these are standard for build scripts. No obfuscated code or malicious backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a build configuration tool that manages dependencies and platform-specific build steps for a C extension. It checks for dependencies via system commands, environment variables, and files. It copies library files under certain conditions, which is typical in build processes. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system compromise, or covert communications are observed. The code is well-structured and mainly performs environment and file system checks relevant for compiling a native extension. It does not perform any network communications or actions that could be malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate build script for compiling a C extension module, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. Its activities are consistent with standard build procedures, with no suspicious behavior detected. The likelihood of malicious behavior is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}