{
  "purpose": "Builds and configures the extension module for libheif with platform-specific settings.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (e.g., PATH, PKG_CONFIG, CFLAGS, CPPFLAGS, INCLUDE, LIBRARY_PATH, etc.), reads file '_version.py', reads system commands (e.g., 'brew', 'xcrun'), accesses the filesystem (e.g., check for files, directories).",
  "sinks": "Uses subprocess to execute system commands, potentially exposing command injection if environment variables are manipulated; reads files from the filesystem, including environment-specific paths; copies files (libheif DLL/.lib) on Windows; appends directories for compilation and linking.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and system commands influence directory paths and build configuration; file system reads determine include and library directories; system commands influence platform-specific setup; subprocess outputs determine SDK and package config info.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious malicious or suspicious code patterns; use of subprocess and environment variables is standard for build scripts. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network activity observed. The code is extensive but follows common build script patterns.",
  "analysis": "The script is a build configuration script for a Python extension, involving platform-specific setup, environment variable handling, and filesystem checks. It uses subprocess to retrieve system info and package configurations. No malicious network activity, code injection, or privacy leaks are detected. The code is complex but aligns with typical build scripts. No obfuscation, hidden backdoors, or malicious logic identified. The only potential concern is reliance on environment variables and subprocess outputs, which are standard for such scripts but could be misused if environment is maliciously manipulated. Overall, no malicious behavior or sabotage detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate build configuration script for the 'libheif' extension with no signs of malicious intent. It correctly handles platform-specific configurations and dependencies. There are no indicators of malware or malicious activity, and the security risk is minimal. The code is well-structured and standard for build scripts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}