{
  "purpose": "This script is designed to build and compile a Python extension module for the 'libheif' library, primarily used in a package called pillow-heif. It manages environment configurations, dependencies, and compilation settings for different platforms.",
  "sources": "Reading environment variables (e.g., PKG_CONFIG, CFLAGS, CPPFLAGS, LDFLAGS, INCLUDE paths), reading the version file (_version.py), and accessing the filesystem for directories and files.",
  "sinks": "None explicitly identified as potential sinks for untrusted data; the code does not perform operations that directly process untrusted input for execution or data leakage. The subprocess calls and environment variable usages are standard for build scripts and do not suggest malicious intent.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence directory paths and compiler flags. The script reads configuration data from environment variables and filesystem to set build parameters. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive operations that could be exploited.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns detected. The script performs typical build setup operations, dependency checks, and platform-specific configuration. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script systematically configures build environments for different operating systems, manages dependencies through pkg-config and environment variables, and performs file and directory checks to locate headers and libraries. The subprocess calls are used to obtain system info, which is standard. No obfuscation, malicious payloads, or harmful code patterns are present. The code appears to be a standard setup script for compiling a C extension with dependency management, with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate build script that handles dependency detection and compilation configuration for a Python extension module. It does not contain any malicious or suspicious behaviors. Its purpose is clear and typical for such build systems, with no signs of malware or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}