{
  "purpose": "This code provides custom serializer fields for handling Hashids in Django REST Framework, including configuration and validation logic for encoding and decoding hash IDs.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the to_internal_value methods where data is received for deserialization. Configuration settings are read from 'settings' and source_field parameters, including salts, min_length, and alphabet. The code also accesses models and fields via Django's app registry.",
  "sinks": "The code creates Hashid objects that could potentially process untrusted input. No direct output sinks are evident beyond returning hashid objects or strings. No data is written or transmitted externally within this code fragment.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the 'data' parameter in to_internal_value methods into Hashid constructors, which may process untrusted data. Configuration flows from settings and optional source_field parameters into Hashid instantiation. There are no external network or system interactions.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for serializer field handling; no suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present. The dynamic import of model fields based on a string source_field is notable but expected in Django context.",
  "analysis": "The code defines serializer fields that process input data into Hashid objects, performing validation and configuration based on settings or source fields. It employs standard Django app registry lookups, with error handling for misconfiguration or invalid data. The use of Hashids library is appropriate for encoding/decoding hash IDs. No signs of malicious behavior such as network transmission, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The handling of input data appears secure, with validation against invalid hashids and type checks. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of custom serializer fields for Hashids, with proper validation and configuration. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident. The code is well-structured for its intended purpose, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}