{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a command-line interface (CLI) application with signal handling for clean shutdowns, platform-specific imports, and version information display.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment and platform information through modules like 'platform', 'sys', and 'signal'. It also imports configuration and CLI exit tools modules, and dynamically attempts to import 'win32api' on Windows platforms.",
  "sinks": "The code raises custom exceptions (SigIntError, SigTermError) upon receiving signals, which can influence control flow but do not directly cause security issues. No untrusted data is written or transmitted, and no sensitive data is hardcoded.",
  "flows": "Platform detection leads to conditional imports. Signal handlers are registered to raise exceptions upon receiving termination signals. Command-line options influence configuration, but no untrusted input is executed or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code, such as obfuscated parts, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors, is present. Exception handling for optional modules like 'win32api' is standard. The code appropriately manages platform-specific behavior without risky code execution.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily provides CLI setup, platform detection, and signal handling. It imports modules safely, with fallback imports if some modules are missing, avoiding direct execution of untrusted data. Signal handlers raise custom exceptions for clean termination, which is standard practice. No code injection, external data transmission, or malicious activity is evident. The use of 'click' for CLI management is typical and does not introduce security concerns. The code appears well-structured and secure, with no indicators of malware or supply chain attacks.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard CLI setup and signal handling without malicious intent or security risks. It correctly handles platform-specific behaviors and optional dependencies. There are no suspicious behaviors, backdoors, or malicious data leaks present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}