{
  "purpose": "This module provides GUI constants, helper functions for layout and flow management, and resource registration for a Python GUI application.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration names, widget attributes, flow IDs, help IDs, and external resource paths. It also accesses translation functions and the stack_var helper to determine resource paths.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data sources could be flow IDs, help IDs, and widget attributes; however, these are used internally to generate IDs and class names. There are no direct sinks that could lead to data leaks or execution of untrusted code, aside from dynamic resource path registration which depends on external files.",
  "flows": "Flow IDs and flow-related functions process string IDs and split/assemble flow identifiers; no untrusted input is executed as code. Resource registration functions dynamically generate file paths but do not execute external code or download files.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code uses regular expressions and string manipulations for ID parsing, which appear standard. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or suspicious network activity is present. The resource registration relies on dynamic path assembly but only to load resource files, not execute them.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for GUI layout calculations, flow ID management, help ID handling, resource registration, and event kwargs construction. All functions operate on string identifiers, tuples, and configuration constants. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity. The resource registration functions utilize module paths and glob patterns to load assets. The overall code structure follows expected patterns for GUI helpers and resource management, with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a benign utility module for a GUI application, focusing on layout, ID handling, resource management, and event helpers. There are no malicious behaviors, backdoors, or security risks detected. It is well-structured and does not execute untrusted code or perform harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}