{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and constants for GUI app configuration, layout calculations, flow handling, help ID management, and resource registration, primarily supporting an application built with a GUI framework.",
  "sources": "Potentially untrusted input sources include flow_id parameters, help_id strings, and widget properties such as 'tap_flow_id', 'app_state_name', and 'focus_flow_id'. These are used to generate IDs and handle flow and help systems.",
  "sinks": "Flow IDs, help IDs, and widget attributes are used to generate identifiers and trigger flow or help actions. The functions primarily generate strings or update dictionaries; no direct execution of untrusted code occurs.",
  "flows": "Flow-related functions generate and parse IDs, with source-to-sink flows mainly comprising input parameters like flow_id and help_id leading to string manipulations for IDs and class names. No code injection or execution pathways are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are detected. The functions involve string manipulations, resource registrations, and simple calculations. The module imports are standard. The 'register_package_images' and 'register_package_sounds' functions perform resource path registrations, which is typical for GUI resource management. No obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or system harm behaviors are found.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of utility functions for layout calculations, ID handling, resource registration, and widget property management. It uses regular expressions for validation but in a safe manner. String manipulations and ID constructions follow expected patterns. The resource registration functions dynamically add resource paths based on the module location, which is common for resource management. The functions that handle untrusted input, such as 'flow_id', 'help_id', and widget properties, do not execute or evaluate the input but only generate identifiers or update dictionaries. No evidence of malicious behaviors like data exfiltration, command execution, or network activity is present. The code's structure and imports are typical for GUI helper modules.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of utility functions and constants designed to facilitate GUI layout, flow control, help system management, and resource registration. No malicious or maliciously intended behavior is detected. It follows standard safe practices for resource handling and ID generation, with proper validation and no suspicious network or system operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}