{
  "purpose": "The code provides an implementation for paginating SQLAlchemy ORM and Core queries, enabling efficient data retrieval in pages with support for keyset pagination, backward pagination, and handling of different SQL dialects.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from SQLAlchemy Query and Select objects, session or connection objects, and parameters such as 'after', 'before', and 'page' for pagination state.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs SQL expressions (e.g., 'where_condition_for_page', 'compare_tuples') that are used to filter database queries based on untrusted pagination markers. No direct data sinks or external data exfiltration points are evident.",
  "flows": "User inputs such as 'after', 'before', and 'page' are processed into 'Marker' objects, which influence query filtering conditions. These markers are used to generate SQL comparison expressions ('where_condition_for_page', 'compare_tuples') that form part of the query's WHERE/HAVING clauses, controlling the data fetched for pagination.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for pagination logic; it utilizes parameterized queries and standard SQLAlchemy constructs. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The logic for keyset comparison and query construction is straightforward and consistent with typical patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a pagination utility for SQLAlchemy ORM and Core queries, handling the construction of ordered, filtered queries based on markers and direction (forward/backward). It includes functions to prepare queries with correct ordering, limit, and filtering conditions, and to transform raw database rows into external-facing Page objects. The functions rely on safe parameterization and SQL expression construction. There are no evident signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or hidden backdoors. The use of SQLAlchemy's core and ORM features appears standard, and no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of server-side pagination logic for SQLAlchemy queries, designed to support keyset pagination with safe query parameterization. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are identified. The overall security risk score is low, with no indicators of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}