{
  "purpose": "The script is a CLI tool that runs user-specified commands in the terminal, either directly or via shell mode.",
  "sources": "The command input parameter, which can come from command-line arguments, and the use of the 'subprocess.run' function with user-provided command and shell options.",
  "sinks": "The subprocess.run function executes the user-provided command, which could potentially lead to command injection if untrusted input is used. The use of 'shell' mode amplifies this risk.",
  "flows": "User input (command argument) flows into subprocess.run, which executes the command either directly or through the shell based on user option.",
  "anomalies": "The code directly executes user-controlled input without validation or sanitization, especially when 'use_shell' is True. No input validation or sanitization is present. The code prints the command before execution, but this is not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a CLI command that takes a command string or list and executes it via subprocess. When 'use_shell' is enabled, the user input is passed directly to the shell, which can lead to command injection vulnerabilities if untrusted input is used. The code does not sanitize or validate input, nor does it restrict command types. The overall structure is simple and does not include obfuscation or hidden behaviors. The function handles exceptions gracefully but does not perform security checks on the input. No suspicious or malicious behavior is detected beyond the inherent risk of executing arbitrary commands with shell enabled.",
  "conclusion": "The code itself is a straightforward command execution utility. Its security risk depends on how it is used; it can be exploited for command injection if untrusted input is supplied with 'use_shell' enabled. No malware or malicious intent is evident within this code. It is a potential security risk due to the unsafe execution of user input, especially in shell mode.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 3
}