{
  "purpose": "Execute a user-specified command, optionally using shell mode, within a CLI application.",
  "sources": "User input for 'command' parameter, which can be a string or list; 'use_shell' boolean flag.",
  "sinks": "subprocess.run() call where the command is executed; potential for command injection if input is untrusted and shell=True.",
  "flows": "User provides command -> command is logged -> command is passed directly to subprocess.run() -> execution occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No input validation or sanitization; direct execution of untrusted input; use of shell mode without safeguards.",
  "analysis": "The code accepts user input for commands and executes them via subprocess.run(), with optional shell mode. This setup inherently risks command injection if untrusted input is used, especially with 'shell=True'. No validation or sanitization is performed, making it vulnerable to exploitation. Error handling exists but does not mitigate security risks. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation or malicious behavior embedded. The primary concern is the potential for malicious command execution when untrusted input is supplied, notably in shell mode. The reports correctly identify these issues, assigning high confidence scores (~0.8), with malware scores at 0 and obfuscation at 0.1. Risk scores vary from 0.4 to 0.9, justified by the increased danger when 'shell=True' is used. Overall, the code is a utility that, if misused, can lead to severe security vulnerabilities, but it does not contain malicious code itself.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a simple command executor with significant security risks when handling untrusted input, especially with shell mode enabled. It does not contain malware or obfuscation but is vulnerable to command injection. The risk score should be high (~0.8), reflecting the potential for exploitation, while malware and obfuscation scores remain at 0.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}