{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for Unicode character data retrieval and processing, including character names, categories, bidirectional properties, numeric values, decompositions, script classifications, and alias conversions.",
  "sources": "The code reads from Unicode data dictionaries and alias mappings such as unicode_data_to_* and property_value_alias_* variables, which are imported from external modules. It uses input characters as source data to index into these data structures.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily processes data within data structures and returns string or numeric values. There are no sinks that directly execute or evaluate untrusted input data, nor do functions perform system calls, network operations, or data writes.",
  "flows": "The data flow involves reading a character input, converting it to its Unicode code point, then indexing into data dictionaries or alias mappings to retrieve properties. There is no evidence of data being passed to unsafe sinks such as code execution or network transmission.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses sorted keys and bisect for range lookups, which is standard. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The functions do not perform obfuscation or dynamic code execution. Exception handling is straightforward and does not involve risky operations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured set of utility functions accessing Unicode property data via dictionaries and sorted key lists, with range lookups handled through bisect. There are no indications of malicious payloads or backdoors. Functions are simple and serve data retrieval purposes. All data access patterns are safe and predictable. No code injection, data leakage, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The overall design appears to be a safe, read-only data utility for Unicode properties.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a benign, well-structured Unicode data utility module with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It securely reads from internal data mappings to provide character properties without performing any unsafe operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}