{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for transliteration, language segmentation, digit normalization, and encoding/decoding of Arabic diacritics, intended for processing Arabic text and converting between different representations.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function inputs such as 'text', 'word', 'marks', and 'text' segments; internal mappings are used for transliteration tables.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or malicious effects could occur if untrusted input is processed and then output without validation, especially when converting or transforming text. No explicit data leakage or unsafe output is evident.",
  "flows": "Input text is segmented by language, then converted through various functions (e.g., 'convert', 'normalize_digits', 'encode_tashkeel', 'decode_tashkeel'), with internal mappings applied for transliteration or encoding. No external or network flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The code performs standard text processing functions with well-defined mappings. No obfuscated code, malicious network calls, or system manipulation appears present.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a collection of transliteration and text processing functions. It uses static mappings and regex for language detection and digit normalization. All operations are local, with no evidence of external malicious interactions. The functions appear consistent with their described purposes. The code includes proper version checks for Python 2 and 3, uses safe translation methods, and contains no dynamic code execution or external resource access. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a legitimate linguistic processing tool for Arabic transliteration and language segmentation. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It is safe based on the static code review. Confidence is high due to the absence of suspicious operations or hidden code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}