{
  "purpose": "Provides common utilities, data structures, and enumerations used across the Temporal SDK, including retry policies, search attributes, and metrics.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules, class properties, function parameters, and internal variables. No direct external data input sources are evident within this fragment.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present in the code that handle untrusted data for processing or output; the code primarily defines classes, constants, and utility functions without executing I/O operations or data transmissions.",
  "flows": "The code flows involve creation and manipulation of data structures, configuration objects, and type hints. No external data flows or untrusted data propagation are identifiable.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The code contains comprehensive type handling and utility functions. No suspicious behavior or obfuscation detected. Some warnings related to deprecated features are present, but they are standard and benign.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple data classes, enumerations, and abstract classes for handling retry policies, search attributes, and metrics within the SDK. It includes methods for serializing/deserializing proto messages, creating and updating search attribute keys, and handling metrics, all with standard validation and property access. No embedded network calls, code execution, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The structure adheres to common SDK design patterns without any obfuscation or malicious intent. No suspicious imports, code patterns, or runtime behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard set of utility classes, enumerations, and type definitions for the Temporal SDK, with no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. It is well-structured, with no suspicious activities or code flows that could harm or compromise a system. Overall, the risk of malicious intent or sabotage in this code fragment is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}