{
  "purpose": "The code processes an HTML document to extract and normalize content blocks, primarily focusing on text extraction after cleaning specific tags and comments.",
  "sources": "Input is a DOM tree (HTML parsed structure). Data is read during deepcopy of the tree, tag stripping, and regex matching on the serialized HTML body.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include regex operations and string manipulations that could process untrusted input; however, there are no operations that lead to data leakage, command execution, or malicious output generation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input DOM tree, through copying, cleaning (tag removal, comment removal), serialization, normalization, and regex-based extraction, resulting in text blocks.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive DOM manipulation and regex-based HTML cleaning, which is standard; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The commented-out file output could be used for debugging but is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with importing modules and defining functions for processing an HTML DOM. It deep copies the DOM tree to avoid side effects. It then removes certain tags (head, style, script, comments, links, media) to sanitize the content. The sanitized DOM is serialized to a string, normalized for spaces, and all HTML tags are stripped using regex. Subsequently, it identifies text blocks via regex and filters them based on length and a 'trash ratio'. The '_trash_ratio' function counts specific punctuation characters as 'trash' and computes their proportion in the text. Overall, the code appears to be standard HTML text extraction logic with no evidence of malicious intent or covert behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical content extraction utility that cleans and filters HTML content. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. No security risks are evident, and the overall risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}