{
  "purpose": "Provide utility functions including indentation of XML elements, secure temporary filename creation, singleton pattern implementation, dynamic function creation, and string substitution.",
  "sources": "Import statements for tempfile, os, re. Functions that read parameters and create files or manipulate strings. Class Singleton that maintains a class-level instance. create_function that dynamically constructs functions based on input parameters.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data or system calls. No network or file system operations beyond secure temporary filename creation. No use of environment variables or insecure data handling. No database or external system interactions.",
  "flows": "No evident source-to-sink data flow involving untrusted input. Functions accept parameters but do not process external untrusted data beyond internal logic. substitute uses regex matching and callback, but the callback is user-provided, not part of the code.",
  "anomalies": "The get_secure_filename function creates a temp file, closes it, and returns filename, which is generally safe. The Singleton class properly implements singleton pattern. create_function allows dynamic function generation, which could be misused if provided malicious callbacks, but the code itself does not include malicious code. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. No obfuscated code present. The code is mostly utility functions with standard patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code implements utility functions and classes: indent for XML formatting, get_secure_filename for secure temporary file creation, Singleton metaclass, create_function for dynamic function creation, and substitute for string keyword replacement. No external network access or system modification is present. The create_function utility, while powerful, does not include any malicious logic; it merely constructs functions based on user-supplied options. The use of tempfile.mkstemp and os.fdopen is proper, though in get_secure_filename, the file is created and immediately closed, which is safe. No signs of backdoors, malware, or malicious behavior are detected. The code appears to be benign and intended for general utility purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code consists of general utility functions and a singleton pattern implementation with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain hidden backdoors or malicious code snippets. While dynamic function creation can be misused, the code itself is standard and safe. Overall, the package appears trustworthy with low risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}