{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for XML indentation, secure temporary filename creation, singleton pattern implementation, dynamic function creation, and string substitution with callbacks. It aims to facilitate common programming tasks with safe, standard practices.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters, regex patterns, and system calls (tempfile.mkstemp).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the creation of temporary files and dynamic execution via create_function, but no actual data leaks or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., callback functions, options) through regex matching or function calls, but no malicious or insecure flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "The get_secure_filename function opens a tempfile in read mode ('r') and immediately closes it, which is unnecessary; this is a minor inefficiency but not malicious. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises standard utility functions with clear, well-documented implementations. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The tempfile handling, while slightly inefficient, does not pose security risks. The create_function utility allows flexible dynamic function creation, which could be misused if supplied with malicious options, but the code itself is safe. The substitute function performs regex-based string replacements securely, relying on user-provided callbacks. Overall, the code is benign, with no signs of malware or obfuscation. The assigned malware scores of 0 and obfuscated scores of 0 are appropriate. The low security risk score (~0.2) reflects the utility nature and minimal inherent risks, with potential external misuse depending on context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of benign utility functions with no malicious intent, backdoors, or obfuscation. The low risk score is justified, and the malware and obfuscated scores should remain at 0. The overall assessment confirms the code's safety and suitability for general use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}