{
  "purpose": "This code defines a high-level Kafka consumer class with deserialization capabilities, allowing users to consume and deserialize messages from Kafka topics.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration parameters from the 'conf' dictionary, specifically 'key.deserializer' and 'value.deserializer'. Uses the super() method to call Kafka consumer methods, and accesses message attributes like topic, headers, key, and value during polling.",
  "sinks": "Deserializers invoked on message key and value; errors raised during deserialization. No data sinks or network communications are directly evident in this code.",
  "flows": "Configuration parameters are extracted at initialization. During poll, message data flows from the Kafka client, through deserializers, and into deserialization error handling or message processing. The message object is modified with deserialized key and value before returning.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious external calls, or unusual code structures. The code appears standard for a Kafka deserializer consumer class. Exception handling around deserialization is normal. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a subclass of a Kafka Consumer, adding deserialization logic. It carefully handles deserialization exceptions, raising specific errors for key and value failures. Configuration parameters are extracted and removed from the config dictionary, which is safe. The polling method processes messages, handles errors, and applies user-provided deserializers. No suspicious behavior, external data leaks, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code appears well-structured and adheres to standard practices for Kafka consumers with deserialization.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a Kafka consumer with deserialization capabilities. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are identified. It properly handles errors and does not perform any suspicious network or file operations. Overall, it is safe and does not contain malware or obfuscated code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}