{
  "purpose": "Provides custom container classes (Container and ListContainer) with key and attribute access, regex search capabilities, and pretty-printing features for structured data management.",
  "sources": "Imports from 'construct.lib.py3compat', 're', 'collections', 'sys', and dynamically assigned 'OrderedDict'. Uses global variables and class methods for data manipulation and display.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or untrusted data handling could occur in methods that process or display container contents, especially with print or repr functions. No explicit sinks for network or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data is read from internal containers via iteration, attribute access, and regex matching; data flows into search functions and print representations. No external data transmission or command execution observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected. Usage of dynamic attribute access (__getattr__, __setattr__) is standard for such container classes. The code uses a custom 'OrderedDict' assignment that may override the standard but is not malicious. No suspicious code for malware functions or system modifications found.",
  "analysis": "The code defines container classes for data organization with features like attribute access, regex search, and custom string representations. It employs a recursion lock decorator to prevent infinite loops during string conversion. No functions perform network access, file operations, or system modifications. No signs of malicious activity, such as code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors, are present. The code appears to be a utility module intended for structured data handling and display.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility for data containers with no indicators of malicious intent or security risks. It provides flexible data management and presentation features without any suspicious behaviors or malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}