{
  "purpose": "Define setup configuration for the 'cryptograohy' Python package, including a custom post-installation step.",
  "sources": "The code reads package metadata, dependencies ('install_requires'), and performs dynamic import of 'pyprettifier' in the post-install step.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to '/tmp/a' during the post-install step, which is a benign file operation but could be suspicious if it involved sensitive data. No other sinks are present.",
  "flows": "During installation, the code fetches build eggs and then executes '_post_install_action', which imports 'pyprettifier', creates an 'EmojiConverter' object, and writes a string to '/tmp/a'.",
  "anomalies": "The '_post_install_action' writes to a file in '/tmp', which could be used for covert signaling or backdoor activation. The 'EmojiConverter' object is instantiated but not used, possibly to trigger side effects or as a decoy. The package name 'cryptograohy' appears misspelled, potentially an obfuscation attempt or typo, which could be suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The setup script performs standard package configuration with 'setuptools'. The custom install command executes additional code during installation, notably importing 'pyprettifier' and writing to '/tmp/a'. The import of 'pyprettifier' and creation of an object seem benign in isolation but could be part of a malicious post-install behavior if 'pyprettifier' is malicious or compromised. The writing to '/tmp/a' is unusual in a setup script and might be used to signal or store data covertly. No hardcoded credentials or external network connections are evident. The package name typo may be an attempt at obfuscation or to evade detection. Overall, the code appears mainly benign but includes suspicious post-install behavior that could be exploited maliciously.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard setup configuration with an unusual post-install step that writes to a temporary file. There are no explicit malicious payloads, but the covert writing operation and use of an imported library in the post-install stage warrant caution. The package’s intent appears primarily benign but with some suspicious elements that could be exploited in a malicious context.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}