{
  "purpose": "This setup script defines the installation process for a Python package named 'cryptograohy', including custom post-install actions.",
  "sources": "The code reads package metadata, dependencies, and executes a post-install method that imports 'pyprettifier' and writes to '/tmp/a'.",
  "sinks": "The open('/tmp/a', 'a') call writes data to the filesystem. Importing 'pyprettifier' and calling its constructor may be benign, but if 'pyprettifier' is malicious, it could execute malicious code during import.",
  "flows": "The post-install method runs after dependencies are fetched, importing 'pyprettifier' and writing to '/tmp/a', which is a potential side effect during installation.",
  "anomalies": "The code writes static data ('---') to '/tmp/a' during installation, which appears unnecessary or suspicious. The package name 'cryptograohy' is misspelled, possibly to evade detection or for obfuscation. The email and author name seem suspicious or fake. The direct import and instantiation of 'pyprettifier.EmojiConverter()' could be benign or malicious depending on the package contents.",
  "analysis": "The script extends the setuptools install command to include a custom post-install step that imports a potentially third-party module 'pyprettifier' and writes to a temp file. The write operation is unusual and may be a placeholder or a method to verify code execution. The import of 'pyprettifier' could trigger malicious code if the package is compromised or malicious. The package name is misspelled, which can be a tactic to avoid detection. There are no apparent hardcoded credentials or network activity in this code segment. The code does not perform any sensitive data handling or insecure operations directly but relies on external modules which could be malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard setup script with a suspicious post-install step that writes to '/tmp/a' and imports a package that may execute arbitrary code. The package metadata contains misspellings and suspicious author info, raising concerns about potential malicious intent. The core concern is the import and execution of code during installation, which could be malicious depending on 'pyprettifier's' contents.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.25,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "report_number": 4
}