{
  "purpose": "The code is a comprehensive Python application for trend analysis, data visualization, and report generation in the context of medical device safety monitoring. It handles data import, processing, visualization, and GUI interactions.",
  "sources": "File I/O operations, user input fields, dynamic code execution (eval/exec), data processing with pandas, and visualization with matplotlib.",
  "sinks": "Potential execution of eval/exec on unvalidated data, file read/write, GUI interactions, and plotting. No network communication or data exfiltration observed.",
  "flows": "Input data from files or user inputs flow through data processing pipelines, potentially involving eval/exec, into visualization and report outputs.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation in parts of the code, complex nested structures, dynamic code loading, and encoded data segments. Use of eval/exec without validation on external data.",
  "analysis": "The code is complex with signs of obfuscation and dynamic execution, which can be used for IP protection or concealment. No direct signs of malicious activity such as network communication, backdoors, or data theft are evident. The unsafe practices (eval/exec) pose security risks but do not necessarily indicate malware. The obfuscation levels are high in some parts, raising suspicion but not confirming malicious intent. The scores assigned in the reports are consistent with these observations, with malware scores remaining low (0-0.2) and obfuscation scores reflecting the complexity (0.3-0.8). The overall risk scores are moderate to low, primarily due to unsafe code practices rather than active malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, albeit complex and partially obfuscated, data analysis and visualization tool used in medical device safety monitoring. The primary security concern is unsafe code practices like eval/exec, which could be exploited if unvalidated data is processed. No evidence of malware such as backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity is detected. The current scoring in the reports is appropriate and consistent with the observed code characteristics. Further dynamic testing and input validation are recommended to mitigate potential risks.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.25,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}