{
  "purpose": "Obfuscated Python script with multiple complex dependencies, likely part of a larger application involving data analysis, visualization, and report generation.",
  "sources": "Several data inputs such as Excel files, user input prompts, environment variables, and configuration files are present; some functions read external data and user inputs.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive operations include file handling, data processing, plotting, and network requests. No explicit untrusted data sinks like network transmission or file writes to sensitive locations are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file input and user prompts through data processing, visualization functions, and report generation modules. There is no clear evidence of untrusted data propagating to dangerous sinks.",
  "anomalies": "Code is highly obfuscated with minimal meaningful variable names, extensive use of bytecode-like structures, and heavily nested, unreadable segments. No straightforward logic or clear malicious activity detected. Presence of complex dependencies and obfuscated control flow suggests possible concealment.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be intentionally obfuscated, making direct reading challenging. It includes multiple imported modules related to data analysis (pandas, numpy), plotting (matplotlib), GUI (tkinter), and report handling. No evident signs of malicious actions such as data theft, remote command execution, or system sabotage are clearly visible. The obfuscation and complexity may be intended to hide malicious intent, but nothing definitive is observable. The code handles data import/export, plotting, and GUI interactions, which are typical in data analysis tools. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are apparent. Without executing or deobfuscating further, the code's behavior aligns with a complex data analysis and reporting application rather than malware.",
  "conclusion": "Based on static inspection, the script is heavily obfuscated but primarily appears to be a sophisticated data analysis and visualization tool. No concrete evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage is found, although obfuscation warrants caution. The likelihood of malware is low; however, the complexity suggests careful execution in a secure environment is recommended.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}