{
  "purpose": "Provides a standardized HTTP client interface supporting multiple underlying libraries (requests, urlfetch, pycurl, urllib2) for making network requests with retry, SSL verification, and proxy support.",
  "sources": "Reads input data primarily from network responses (response content, headers). No other explicit data inputs identified within the code.",
  "sinks": "Network request functions (request, request_with_retries) that send data over the network; potential for data leakage if malicious data is sent or received.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters into network request functions, with responses flowing back as content. No evidence of malicious data manipulation or exfiltration flows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code or unusual code structures; usage of standard libraries and patterns for network requests. Proxy configuration is flexible but not suspicious. Warning issued when falling back to urllib2, but this is standard fallback behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple HTTP client classes supporting different libraries for network requests. It includes retry logic with backoff, SSL verification options, proxy support, and error handling. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. All network communication appears to be standard HTTP requests with error handling. The code does not perform any malicious activities such as data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden backdoors. It uses safe practices for SSL and proxy configurations. No suspicious or malicious behavior is present based on the code provided.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured HTTP client library supporting multiple backends. It contains no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The code's purpose is to facilitate network requests securely and reliably, with appropriate error handling. Overall, it poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}