{
  "purpose": "The code implements a framework for constructing, visualizing, and managing bigraphs and process schemas, primarily for modeling complex systems or biological processes. It includes functions for graph creation, schema registration, and visualization rendering.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function arguments, configuration dictionaries, environment variables, and imported modules. Inputs include node and edge definitions, schema configurations, and visualization parameters.",
  "sinks": "Mainly generates Graphviz visualization files, renders images, and writes output files. No network activity or external data exfiltration is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and internal data structures through graph construction functions to visualization outputs and file writes. No external or network data flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "Variable and function names are heavily obfuscated or nonsensical, but this appears superficial and typical for complex visualization code. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex visualization and modeling utility for bigraphs and process schemas, utilizing standard libraries like graphviz and custom classes. It constructs graphs based on provided data, renders visualizations, and manages schema registration. No malicious behaviors such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification are present. Obfuscation is superficial, likely for code compression or complexity, but does not indicate malicious intent. The data flows are internal, and outputs are visualization files, with no external threats detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate visualization and modeling framework with no signs of malicious activity or supply chain security issues. Despite obfuscated variable names, there is no evidence of backdoors, malware, or malicious data flows. The overall security risk is low, and the malware score is 0.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}