{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define various functions for creating and manipulating graph structures, particularly bigraphs, using the graphviz library, and for generating and managing complex hierarchical and process schemas.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, mostly dictionaries and lists, and from imported modules. Environment variables are not used. External data reading is minimal but includes reading schema and configuration data from parameters.",
  "sinks": "Data flows from input parameters into graph construction, but no direct sinks that transmit untrusted data over the network or write to system files are present. The code generates visualizations and processes without external data exfiltration or system modification.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into graph and schema processing functions, then into visualization and structure-building routines. There are no indications of data being sent over the network or written to persistent storage outside of visualization output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious network connections or malicious system modifications are evident. The code uses obfuscated variable names and dynamic code generation patterns, but these are part of the code's structure and do not imply malicious intent. The code is complex and heavily relies on external libraries and dynamic generation, which could be suspicious if used maliciously, but in this context appears legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code predominantly consists of functions to generate and manipulate graph structures, schemas, and process representations, mostly for visualization or modeling purposes. No network operations, file system modifications, or data exfiltration behaviors are detected. The usage of obfuscated variable names and dynamic graph generation could be concealing intent, but no evidence supports malicious actions. The structure suggests legitimate purposes such as visualization, process simulation, or schema management. There are no clear indicators of malicious behavior such as backdoors, data theft, or system damage. The code is complex and uses dynamic code generation patterns, but these are consistent with visualization and modeling tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for constructing and visualizing bigraphs and process schemas. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malware characteristics. The complexity and obfuscation are typical for visualization scripts but do not indicate malicious intent. No security risks or malicious behaviors are identified. Overall, this appears to be a legitimate utility for graph and schema management without supply chain security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}