{
  "purpose": "The code provides a client library for interfacing with the Google Ad Manager API, including service initialization, report downloading, PQL query construction, and data handling.",
  "sources": "Data is read from environment variables (e.g., network_code), input parameters (e.g., report_job, pql_query, file handles), and external URLs for report downloads.",
  "sinks": "External URL for report download; CSV writing to file handle; HTTP headers for requests; SOAP headers for API calls.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (report_job, pql_query, environment variables) flow into service methods and data processing functions; report URLs flow from API responses into download functions; data is read, processed, and written to files.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code or unusual code constructs. No dynamic execution, hidden backdoors, or code that appears malicious. Use of standard libraries and open API interactions. No code appears to perform malicious activities such as data exfiltration, command execution, or system damage.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical open-source client library for Google Ad Manager. It correctly manages API service creation, report downloading, and PQL query execution with standard patterns. No signs of malicious behavior, such as network communication to suspicious domains, data theft, or backdoors. The only potential concern could be if environment variables or external inputs are maliciously controlled, but these are standard data flows for API clients. The code does not contain any obfuscated code, malicious payloads, or suspicious network activity. It appears to be legitimate, intended for authorized use, and follows best practices for API interaction.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate client library for Google Ad Manager with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It handles API interactions, report downloads, and PQL queries securely and transparently. No malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}