{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Meter class for measuring loudness of audio data using various frequency weighting filters, following standards like ITU-R BS.1770-4.",
  "sources": "Reads input audio data via the 'data' parameter in integrated_loudness(), and retrieves configuration parameters like filter_class and block_size during initialization and property setting.",
  "sinks": "None explicitly present; no data is sent over the network, written to files, or affected by external untrusted sources within this code snippet.",
  "flows": "Input audio data flows from the 'data' parameter into processing steps including validation, filtering, and calculation of loudness metrics. Filter configuration depends on the 'filter_class' property. No external untrusted data flows into sensitive sinks such as network or system calls.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code structures, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code detected. The filter configurations are hardcoded but not suspicious. No hidden backdoors or malicious behaviors observed. No insecure operations or code injection points identified.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard audio signal processing: validation, filtering, and statistical computations for loudness measurement. It uses standard libraries and known algorithms following the ITU standard. The filter configurations are preset for different weighting standards. No indications of malicious intent such as network communications, data exfiltration, or privilege escalation mechanisms are present. The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of loudness measurement.",
  "conclusion": "This code implements a legitimate audio loudness meter following recognized standards. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks are evident. The use of known filtering techniques and straightforward data processing suggests it is safe and intended for audio analysis. There are no signs of malware, malicious backdoors, or security risks within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}