{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Protocol interface for a DICOM web client, specifying methods for interacting with medical imaging data stored on servers.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration attributes from the class (e.g., base_url, scheme) and method parameters such as study_instance_uid, series_instance_uid, sop_instance_uid, and various search/filter parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sink points are method implementations that could handle untrusted data, especially URLs for data retrieval, or parameters that could be used in server requests. However, the methods are not implemented; only their signatures are defined.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external inputs (parameters like UIDs, search filters, URLs) into method calls. These are then used in server requests or data retrieval operations, but without implementation details, flow analysis is limited.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures. It appears as a clean interface definition with no suspicious or malicious logic embedded. The imports and class definitions are standard, and no obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is solely an interface definition (Protocol) for a DICOM web client. It includes method signatures with detailed docstrings but lacks any actual executable code, logic, or request handling. No hardcoded secrets, code injection points, or malicious behaviors are visible. The imports are standard, and the code does not perform any operations or data processing.\n\nBecause the code only provides method signatures and documentation without implementation, there is no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks within this fragment. It appears to be a well-structured, legitimate interface outline intended for later implementation.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a benign interface definition for a DICOM web client with no signs of malicious activity. It specifies the methods and expected behaviors without executing any code or handling data directly. Therefore, it poses no security threats or malware risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}