{
  "purpose": "The code implements algorithms to find Hamiltonian paths and Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) solutions using linear programming via the glpk library.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters: 'edges' for both functions. It does not read from external input sources such as files or network.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sinks that process or send data to external systems, networks, or storage. No evidence of data leakage or malicious communication.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into LP model construction, then into LP solver execution, and finally returns the selected edges based on LP solutions. No external data flow or untrusted input handling detected.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious logic are present. The code is straightforward in building and solving LP models for graph path problems. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or misleading variable names are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two functions: 'hamiltonian' and 'tsp', both construct linear programming models using the glpk library to solve graph problems. Inputs are simple data structures (edge lists), and the LP models define variables, constraints, and objective functions without any external or malicious dependencies. No code appears to execute untrusted data, send data over networks, or include backdoors. The code is well-structured and aligns with standard LP modeling practices for graph path problems. The absence of network operations, file I/O, or external command execution indicates no malicious activity or supply chain sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of graph algorithms using linear programming via the glpk library. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. There are no signs of sabotage, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. Overall, the code appears safe and purpose-specific with no security concerns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}