{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for computing non-conformity scores, p-values, credibility, and confidence scores for classification models, specifically for binary classifiers like SVM and Random Forest, used in conformal evaluation for model reliability.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments such as X_in, y_in, X_test, y_test, and model predictions; it also reads from shared memory segments via load_existing_shm and alloc_shm functions.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs include computed scores, p-values, and probabilities, which are returned as data structures (lists, dicts, DataFrames). The code does not perform any network I/O, file writing, or system commands.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the function arguments into non-conformity score calculations, then into p-value and credibility computations, with intermediate steps involving shared memory segments for parallel processing. The flow is primarily computational with no external side-effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code uses multiprocessing for parallel computation, but this is standard practice for performance. No obfuscated code, misleading variable names, or hidden behaviors are detected. No dynamic code execution or external code loading is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code focuses on conformal evaluation procedures, computing non-conformity measures, p-values, credibility, and confidence scores for binary classifiers. It utilizes shared memory for inter-process communication during parallel processing, which is appropriate and standard for performance optimization. All data flows appear to be legitimate, and no external malicious actions are evident. Functions operate solely on provided data structures, and no network or file system tampering is detected. The use of tqdm and multiprocessing is typical and does not suggest malicious intent. The code does not include any suspicious or harmful operations, and the logic aligns with standard conformal prediction methodologies.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate implementation of conformal evaluation techniques for binary classifiers, with no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. It does not contain hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or harmful operations. The use of multiprocessing and shared memory is appropriate and standard. Overall, the code is safe with a low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}