{
  "purpose": "A Python class for retrieving emails from an IMAP server with filtering options by time, sender, and subject, parsing email content, and outputting in JSON format.",
  "sources": "IMAP server responses, email headers and payloads, user-provided filter parameters",
  "sinks": "Print statements for search criteria and email data, JSON dumps of email content",
  "flows": "Connection to IMAP server -> search with criteria -> fetch email data -> parse headers and body -> output JSON",
  "anomalies": "Hardcoded email credentials in the main script, printing sensitive info (search criteria and email content)",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard email retrieval and parsing, with functions to decode subjects and handle multipart messages. Credentials are hardcoded, which is insecure, and print statements expose sensitive data. No malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious network activity is present. The malware score is 0, consistent with the benign functionality. The security risk score is moderate (~0.4-0.5) due to insecure credential handling and info leakage. The code is straightforward and well-structured, with no obfuscation or malicious intent. The main concern is insecure credential management, which could lead to account compromise if exposed. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate, with a slight adjustment to the security risk score to reflect the severity of credential exposure.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign email retrieval utility with no malicious activity or obfuscation. The primary security issue is the hardcoded credentials and logging of sensitive info, which pose a security risk. The malware and obfuscated scores are correctly set to 0. The security risk score should be increased slightly to around 0.5 to better reflect the credential security concern. Overall, the code is functional but insecure in credential handling, warranting caution but not indicating malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}