{
  "purpose": "This code implements various aggregation functions for grouped data, including min, max, sum, mean, variance, standard deviation, and sorting. It provides a pure Python alternative to optimized libraries like NumPy.",
  "sources": "Input data for aggregation functions (a, group_idx), function name (func), and optional parameters such as size, fill_value, order, dtype, axis, and other keyword arguments.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data or external system calls; data is processed internally with no evident data leakage or external communication.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input variables (a, group_idx) through function selection and data sorting/grouping, then results are computed and returned. No external or untrusted data sources are accessed during processing.",
  "anomalies": "Use of `eval` or dynamic code execution is absent; the code relies on function mappings and standard Python features. No hardcoded credentials or secret keys are present. Exception handling is thorough for input validation. The code avoids obfuscation and does not include suspicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines internal aggregation functions, maps them in a dictionary, and provides a main `aggregate` function for grouping data and applying selected functions. It performs input validation, supports nan handling, and uses standard Python modules (`itertools`, `operator`, `math`). There are no signs of malicious behavior such as system command execution, network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code is self-contained and focused solely on data aggregation logic without external side effects.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of grouping and aggregation functions, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It functions as a utility library for data processing. The design and logic do not raise any security concerns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}