{
  "purpose": "The code provides a class for statistical annotation and comparison on seaborn plots, including applying tests, setting p-values, custom annotations, and plotting annotations.",
  "sources": "Sources include imported modules such as matplotlib, seaborn, numpy, and internal statannotations modules. User inputs include 'ax', 'pairs', 'data', 'plot_params', and various configuration parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are functions that modify plot visuals, such as 'ax.plot', 'ax.annotate', 'ax.add_line', and 'ax.transAxes'. There are no direct data leak or system command execution functions. No network, file I/O, or environment variable manipulation is present.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data can flow from user-supplied parameters like 'ax', 'pairs', 'plot_params', 'data', 'pvalues', or annotation texts through methods like 'annotate', 'apply_test', 'set_pvalues', and 'set_custom_annotations', into plotting functions and annotations. These flows are confined within the plotting context without external side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation are detected. The code uses standard plotting and statistical methods without unusual or suspicious patterns. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or file manipulations are present. The code structure and logic are consistent with typical plotting utilities.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a complex class for managing statistical annotations on plots, with extensive parameter handling, validation, and plotting functions. All imported modules are standard or related to plotting/statistics. Data inputs are primarily plot elements and user-defined annotation texts or p-values. There are no signs of malicious activities such as network communication, file system manipulation, or code injection. The functions perform expected plotting and statistical operations within the plotting environment. No signs of obfuscation or malware patterns are observed. The overall design focuses on statistical annotation without external side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured utility for statistical annotation in plots. There are no indications of malicious intent or harmful behavior. It operates solely within the plotting environment, and all flows are related to data visualization. The code poses no security risks based on the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}