{
  "purpose": "The source code defines an Annotator class and supporting functions for adding statistical annotations to seaborn plots, including performing statistical tests, setting custom annotations, and plotting in facet grids.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters like 'ax', 'pairs', 'data', 'pvalues', and 'annotations'; it also reads configuration parameters for plotting and testing.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can be injected via annotations, custom text, or p-values; the code ultimately writes annotations and lines to matplotlib axes, which are safe. No network, file, or external data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., p-values, annotations, test results) through methods that process and format them into matplotlib annotations and plot elements; no external system interaction or data exfiltration is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears well-structured with no suspicious or unusual code patterns. It uses standard plotting libraries, performs typical statistical operations, and has no hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors. The only notable point is the warnings related to parameter changes, which are benign.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for statistical annotation on plots, with methods for configuration, performing tests, setting p-values, custom annotations, and plotting annotations. It uses external libraries like matplotlib and seaborn. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The logic is straightforward, with proper handling of input parameters and plotting elements. No suspicious code or malicious payloads are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate utility for adding statistical annotations to seaborn plots. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks. The structure and logic are consistent with standard plotting and statistical annotation tasks. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}