{
  "purpose": "The code defines an Annotator class for adding statistical annotations and comparisons to seaborn plots, including functionalities for applying statistical tests, formatting p-values, and customizing annotations on plots.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from seaborn plot parameters, user-provided pairs, p-value arrays, custom annotation strings, and configuration parameters; also reads environment via warnings and imports external libraries.",
  "sinks": "Potentially insecure points include dynamic plotting and annotation commands, but no direct data leaks or code execution are evident. No external network connections or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into statistical test functions or custom p-value arrays, then into annotations and plot commands. User configurations modify internal parameters that influence plotting and annotation behavior. No external untrusted data is used in a way that affects system security.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The code primarily performs plotting and statistical annotation tasks. No suspicious dynamic code execution or unusual behaviors are observed. The use of external libraries is standard for plotting and statistical testing.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a comprehensive implementation of a plotting annotation utility for seaborn plots, with functions for configuring, applying tests, setting custom annotations, and plotting with annotations in a flexible manner. The code includes parameter validation, warnings for potential configuration issues, and methods to handle multiple comparisons correction. No parts of the code execute external commands, network requests, or include hidden malicious logic. All data flows are within expected bounds for plotting and statistical annotation tasks. The imports and method calls are consistent with standard plotting and statistical testing workflows, with no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate plotting and statistical annotation utility with no apparent malicious behavior or security risks. It relies on standard libraries and performs expected operations for plot annotations. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}