{
  "purpose": "The code generates SQL queries for various metrics based on predefined SQL templates and parameters, primarily for data analysis purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for metric selection, field mappings, and query parameters. It also reads SQL templates from the METRICS_DEFINITIONS dictionary.",
  "sinks": "The generated SQL queries are the main output, which could be executed on a database. The code does not execute any untrusted code or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to fill in SQL templates. The function _replace_table_name_to_subquery modifies the SQL AST to replace table names with subqueries, then converts it back to SQL string.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The SQL templates are static and parameterized for safe query generation. The code relies on the 'sqlglot' library for SQL parsing and AST manipulation, which is standard. No obfuscated code or malicious dynamic execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines metric SQL templates and provides functions to generate specific SQL queries by filling in parameters and replacing table names with subqueries. The process involves parsing SQL into an AST, modifying it, and converting back to SQL. The SQL templates include parameter placeholders such as '{time_unit}' and '{time_size}', which are meant to be safely replaced by parameterized inputs. There are no signs of malicious behaviors such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The use of 'sqlglot' for SQL AST manipulation appears safe and appropriate. The code does not execute any untrusted code or perform operations outside the scope of SQL query generation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard SQL query builder based on predefined templates with parameter substitution and AST manipulation. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code. It appears to be a legitimate utility for generating SQL queries for metrics analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}