{
  "purpose": "This code generates SQL queries for various metrics from a specified table, including table name replacements with subqueries, and provides help documentation for available metrics.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters (name, field_map, params, origin_table_name), and parses SQL templates from the METRICS_DEFINITIONS dictionary.",
  "sinks": "SQL query strings generated and executed in the database environment. The code itself does not execute these queries but prepares them for execution.",
  "flows": "Input parameters → field validation → SQL template formatting with parameters → table name replacement with subqueries → output SQL string",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain any suspicious or malicious code. It uses standard libraries for SQL parsing and string formatting. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The SQL queries are static templates with parameterization, and no dynamic code execution or network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a set of SQL query templates for metrics, and provides functions to replace table names with subqueries and generate SQL queries with specified parameters. The logic is straightforward, involving parameter validation, string formatting, and AST manipulation for SQL transformation. No user input is directly executed as code, and no external network or file operations are present. The use of sqlglot for SQL parsing and rewriting appears benign. There are no signs of obfuscation, malware, or malicious code logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard SQL query builder based on predefined templates with parameter substitution and table name replacement. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. Its purpose is to generate SQL queries securely for data metrics calculation. No suspicious or malicious elements are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}