{
  "purpose": "This code generates SQL queries for various metrics based on predefined templates and parameters, allowing dynamic creation of analytics queries for a data platform.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as metric name, field mappings, and parameters from function arguments. It also parses and modifies SQL strings using sqlglot.",
  "sinks": "The generated SQL queries are returned as strings for execution. No direct untrusted input is executed outside of string formatting, but SQL string construction involves parameter substitution.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (metric name, field_map, params) flow into get_metrics_sql, which retrieves the metric template, fills in parameters, and constructs the SQL query. The SQL string is processed to replace table names with subqueries, potentially affecting execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses string formatting for SQL, which could pose injection risks if input parameters are not sanitized, but the function appears to be designed for internal use with controlled inputs. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The sqlglot parsing and subquery replacement is standard but should be scrutinized if user input influences table names or parameters.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a set of metric templates with embedded SQL queries, which include parameter placeholders. The function get_metrics_sql constructs SQL queries dynamically, replacing table names with subqueries as needed. The _replace_table_name_to_subquery function parses SQL ASTs and replaces specified table nodes with subqueries. The main risk lies in the use of string formatting for SQL, which could be vulnerable if untrusted inputs are used for metric names, field mappings, or parameters. However, the code appears to be designed for controlled internal use, with validation for metric names and fields. No external network calls, credential handling, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code does not contain obfuscated patterns, backdoors, or malicious behavior. It focuses on SQL query assembly for analytics purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a SQL query builder for metrics with dynamic template replacement. No malicious intent or malware is evident. The primary security concern is the potential for SQL injection if inputs are not sanitized, but this appears unlikely given the controlled use context. Overall, it is a standard, non-malicious utility for generating SQL metrics queries.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}