{
  "purpose": "This code generates dynamic SQL queries for various user metrics by replacing table names with subqueries and formatting parameters.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters 'name', 'field_map', 'params', and 'origin_table_name', and uses these to generate SQL strings. It also parses and manipulates SQL ASTs with sqlglot.",
  "sinks": "The generated SQL queries are the primary sink; they can be executed in a database. The code constructs these queries dynamically based on user input.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (name, field_map, params, origin_table_name) flow into get_metrics_sql, which constructs SQL strings. The SQL is parsed and modified via _replace_table_name_to_subquery, then returned for execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses sqlglot for SQL AST manipulation, which is standard. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The SQL templates contain placeholders for parameters and table names, but these are typical for query generation. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The script is designed to generate metric-specific SQL queries based on predefined templates and user input. It parses SQL templates into ASTs for table replacement, ensuring that the structure is manipulated safely. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, network calls, or code injection, are present. The only potential concern is the possibility of injection if user-supplied parameters are not sanitized before being used in the SQL, but the code does not directly incorporate user input into SQL without formatting or validation, as it relies on parameters for formatting the SQL templates. The use of sqlglot for AST manipulation suggests careful handling of SQL syntax. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate query builder with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a secure and standard implementation for dynamically generating SQL queries based on predefined templates. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. It mainly constructs SQL strings for metrics calculation, with proper AST manipulation for table replacement. No security risks are identified, assuming parameter validation is handled externally.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}