{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to interact with the Trading Economics API for retrieving various economic indicators, ratings, updates, and related data.",
  "sources": "The code reads data mainly from user-provided parameters (such as country names, indicators, ticker symbols, dates) and from the global variable 'glob.apikey'. It also reads from imported modules 'fn' and 'glob'.",
  "sinks": "API request URLs constructed with user inputs; the API key included in the URL for authentication; no direct use of untrusted data in unsafe system commands or insecure code execution.",
  "flows": "User inputs (parameters like country, indicators, ticker, dates) are validated and incorporated into API request URLs, which then flow into 'fn.dataRequest' for data fetching.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials beyond the 'glob.apikey' which is assumed to be set securely elsewhere. No obfuscated or suspicious code structures. Use of SSL context modification is standard for unverified HTTPS requests; no suspicious backdoors or hidden behaviors. The code includes proper error handling for missing API keys and input validation.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs API URLs based on user inputs and fetches data through a dedicated 'fn.dataRequest' function. It handles multiple parameters for different data retrieval functions, uses SSL context modification to ignore SSL verification, and relies on a global API key stored in 'glob.apikey'. No evidence of malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms is present. No obfuscated code or suspicious network behavior. The use of SSL unverified context could pose security concerns if data transmission is sensitive, but this is a common practice for bypassing SSL issues in trusted environments. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible besides the API key, which is expected to be stored securely elsewhere.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API client for Trading Economics, with no malicious intent detected. It handles data retrieval securely and correctly, with appropriate validation and error handling. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}