{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of functions to retrieve various economic and country indicator data from the Trading Economics API, with support for multiple output formats and filtering options.",
  "sources": "Reads API key from glob.apikey; reads input parameters such as country names, indicator names, dates, and tickers; constructs URLs for API requests.",
  "sinks": "Constructed URLs that include user input parameters; dataRequest function call that likely fetches data from external API; uses urlopen indirectly through fn.dataRequest.",
  "flows": "User input parameters (e.g., country, indicators, dates) → URL construction with potential user data → fn.dataRequest calls with constructed URL → data returned.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets other than API key; URL construction generally safe; no suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation; the code properly verifies SSL context. No use of eval, exec, or similar functions. No suspicious data leaks or system modifications observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs URLs for API requests based on user inputs and fetches data via fn.dataRequest, which is not detailed but presumably makes HTTP requests. API key is stored in glob.apikey and appended to URLs. There are standard error checks for login and date validation. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, code injection, or suspicious external communications beyond legitimate API requests. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns detected. The use of ssl context handling indicates attention to secure connections. The overall structure appears to be a standard API wrapper module, with proper input validation and safe URL encoding. No anomalies suggesting sabotage or malware are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured API client for economic data with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected. It securely constructs API request URLs using user inputs and makes data requests accordingly. No signs of malware, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}