{
  "purpose": "Automates SAP GUI transactions for financial document processing, including data entry, document retrieval, and logging results.",
  "sources": "Input dictionaries (nota_pedido, miro, codigo_contabil), external modules for pattern matching and result processing, SAP GUI session interactions.",
  "sinks": "SAP GUI transaction commands, session commands, result extraction via session.findById, logging outputs.",
  "flows": "Input data → SAP transaction commands → Result retrieval and pattern matching → Logging and return.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation of variable and function names, lack of error handling, no input validation, use of obscure functions without context.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard SAP GUI scripting with obfuscated identifiers, which hampers readability but does not inherently indicate malicious intent. It interacts with SAP sessions to input data, execute transactions, and extract results. No network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications are observed. The obfuscation could be for concealment but is not definitive proof of malicious behavior. External functions used for pattern matching and processing are not detailed but appear to serve legitimate purposes. The absence of hardcoded secrets and malicious API calls supports a benign assessment. The main risks are maintainability and potential misuse if the code is untrusted. The lack of error handling and input validation is a concern but does not elevate the malware or high-security risk scores. Overall, the code is a routine automation script with obfuscation concerns but no malicious indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SAP GUI automation script with obfuscated variable names. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The high obfuscation warrants caution but does not imply malicious intent. The security risk is low, and malware score is zero. Maintaining monitoring for obfuscation patterns and validating external functions is recommended.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}