{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes and functions for handling object detection predictions, including conversion, visualization, and exporting functionalities in the context of an object detection pipeline.",
  "sources": "Reads image data via read_image_as_pil(), and accepts prediction scores, bounding boxes, segmentation masks, and category information from external sources. No direct input from untrusted external sources is evident in the code.",
  "sinks": "Exports visualizations via visualize_object_predictions(), and converts data into different formats such as COCO, FiftyOne, and Imantics. No system commands, network operations, or insecure data handling are present.",
  "flows": "Input image data flows into read_image_as_pil() for processing. Prediction data such as scores, boxes, masks, and categories flow through object_prediction_list and conversion functions to generate different annotation formats. No suspicious data flows detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The code appears clean, well-structured, and standard for a computer vision prediction handling module.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data classes for handling object predictions, with methods for conversion and visualization. It uses external libraries (numpy, PIL, and optional fiftyone) but does not perform any network operations or execute system commands. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful system modifications. The only external interaction involves image processing and exporting visualizations, which are standard in such applications. The code relies on well-known libraries and contains no suspicious patterns or anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation for handling object detection predictions with no malicious intent or security risks detected. It is focused on data processing and visualization without any suspicious or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}