{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions to interact with AWS SSM Parameter Store, including putting parameters with confirmation, retrieving parameter history, and fetching specific parameter versions.",
  "sources": "Reads from AWS SSM Parameter Store via methods like put_parameter, get_parameter, get_parameter_history, and get_paginator. No external untrusted data sources are explicitly read.",
  "sinks": "Calls to AWS SSM API methods; no data leaks or untrusted data processing observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters for AWS SSM API calls are passed directly to AWS services. The flow is straightforward: user input → API call → response processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors identified. The code dynamically assigns methods to the client object, which is standard in some Python patterns but warrants attention to ensure no malicious code injection. The use of 'types.MethodType' is normal but could be exploited if the 'client' object is maliciously crafted before calling 'make_better'.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for interacting with AWS SSM Parameter Store, including wait loops for parameter propagation, paginated retrieval of parameter history, and fetching specific versions. The functions rely on standard AWS SDK methods and do not contain obfuscated code or suspicious logic. The dynamic method assignment via 'types.MethodType' is typical for enhancing AWS SDK clients and does not by itself indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or malicious behaviors are present. The code appears to be a utility wrapper for AWS SDK operations with normal control flow and exception handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for AWS SSM Parameter Store interaction, with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It follows typical patterns for API interaction and method extension. No security risks or malicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}