{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for managing AWS SSM parameter store, including putting parameters, waiting for consistency, retrieving parameter history, and fetching specific parameter versions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'Name', '**kwargs', and AWS paginator responses. It also reads 'self' which is an AWS SSM client instance.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially be used in AWS API calls if user-controlled data is passed in 'kwargs' or 'Name'. The code does not directly write to files, execute system commands, or send data over the network.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-supplied 'Name' and '**kwargs' into AWS SDK calls like 'put_parameter', 'get_parameter', and 'get_parameter_history'. The 'get_parameter_version' function uses paginator to iterate over pages to find a specific version.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets. The use of 'types.MethodType' to dynamically attach methods to the client is unusual but not malicious. The code does not perform any operations that are inherently malicious such as network connections to suspicious domains or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a utility wrapper around AWS SSM parameter store operations. It includes retry logic, pagination handling, and version-specific retrieval. The logic is straightforward, focusing on AWS API interactions without any obfuscated or suspicious behavior. There are no signs of malicious intent such as hidden network activity, data theft, or backdoors. The use of dynamic method attachment is uncommon but not inherently malicious. No secrets or credentials are hardcoded. Overall, the code seems legitimate and intended for safe parameter management.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a utility module for AWS SSM parameter store management, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain malware, obfuscated code, or malicious data flows. It appears to be safe for use in managing AWS parameters, with standard retry and pagination logic.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}