{
  "purpose": "This code provides configuration data for generating API reference documentation, including module summaries, descriptions, and hooks for a large Python library (scikit-learn). It defines structured dictionaries for current and deprecated APIs, with helper functions for generating documentation snippets.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from string literals, functions (_get_guide and _get_submodule), and configuration dictionaries (API_REFERENCE, DEPRECATED_API_REFERENCE). It does not read external inputs or untrusted data sources.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs documentation strings and data structures; there are no sinks that process untrusted data leading to security vulnerabilities. It does not perform unsafe operations like executing user input or network calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from helper functions (_get_guide, _get_submodule) into the dictionaries (API_REFERENCE, DEPRECATED_API_REFERENCE). These functions generate strings based on input parameters but do not process external untrusted data. The flow is purely within internal string composition.",
  "anomalies": "The code is primarily static configuration with function-generated strings for documentation purposes. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The functions are straightforward and used for string formatting.",
  "analysis": "The code defines helper functions that generate documentation strings based on provided references and module names. It then uses these functions to populate large dictionaries that map module names to their descriptions, summaries, and sections for API documentation. The DEPRECATED_API_REFERENCE maps version strings to lists of deprecated module references. There are no external data inputs, network calls, or dynamic code execution. All code appears to be static configuration data intended for documentation generation. No malicious patterns, obfuscated code, or security risks are evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a static configuration for API documentation with helper functions for string formatting. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. It solely defines data structures used for documentation purposes, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}