{
  "purpose": "The code defines configuration data structures and helper functions for generating API reference documentation for a Python package, specifically scikit-learn.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function calls (_get_guide, _get_submodule), and accesses predefined dictionaries (API_REFERENCE, DEPRECATED_API_REFERENCE). It also processes string concatenations and list structures within these dictionaries.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present that handle untrusted input data leading to data leakage, code execution, or security vulnerabilities. No network, file, or system command calls are present.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows that could lead to security issues; the data structures are static configuration data, and functions only generate documentation strings based on this data.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or unusual behavior. The functions and data structures are straightforward and intended for documentation purposes. No malicious or suspicious code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines helper functions (_get_guide, _get_submodule) that generate strings for documentation referencing. It then declares large dictionaries (API_REFERENCE, DEPRECATED_API_REFERENCE) that map module names to structured documentation info. The dictionaries include references to modules, sections, and auto-summaries. All functions and data are static, with no dynamic code execution, network activity, or user input handling. The purpose appears to be purely for documentation generation. No signs of malware, obfuscation, or security risks are present. The code is well-structured, with clear comments and no malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a static configuration and helper utility for generating API documentation. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious or obfuscated code, and poses no security risks. It is safe and does not perform any harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}