{
  "purpose": "Timing utility for measuring execution duration of functions, supporting both synchronous and asynchronous functions, and reporting metrics via an external client.",
  "sources": "Reads start time with perf_counter at function entry; reads elapsed time in stop() and send(); reads function references for wrapping.",
  "sinks": "Calls to self.client.timing() to report timing data; external data transmission depends on the client object.",
  "flows": "Function invocation -> timing measurement -> finally block or send() -> client.timing() call.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or backdoors detected. No malicious behavior or unusual patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward, well-structured performance timing utility supporting both sync and async functions. It uses high-resolution perf_counter for timing, manages internal state to prevent multiple sends, and wraps functions safely. The only external interaction is via the client.timing() method, which could be malicious if the client is compromised, but the code itself does not perform network operations or data exfiltration. No obfuscation or malicious patterns are present. The security risk is minimal and primarily depends on the trustworthiness of the client object. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the risk score is approximately 0.2, reflecting the external reporting capability but no inherent malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign performance monitoring utility with support for async and sync functions. It does not contain malicious or obfuscated code. The external data reporting via client.timing() is typical for metrics collection and does not indicate malicious intent. The overall security risk is low, contingent on the trustworthiness of the client object. Scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, and risk=0.2 are appropriate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}