{
  "purpose": "This code manages a Temporal development server subprocess, including locating the server binary, starting, monitoring, and terminating the process asynchronously.",
  "sources": "Reads environment data such as platform.system(), resources.files(), and resource paths; takes user-provided configuration parameters (ports, IP, namespaces, extra_args); captures process stdout and stderr streams.",
  "sinks": "Uses asyncio.create_subprocess_exec to launch an external process; connects to specified IP and port to check server readiness; terminates process via terminate() and kill(); reads stderr asynchronously for logs.",
  "flows": "The code obtains the binary path from resources, constructs command-line arguments from input parameters, then launches the process with create_subprocess_exec. It monitors process stderr and port availability to determine readiness. On exit, it terminates the process gracefully or forcefully.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are observed. Use of standard asyncio subprocess management, normal resource access, and standard port checking procedures. No obfuscated or misleading code features. No external network connections or data exfiltration code present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs legitimate functions related to managing a subprocess for a server. It uses standard Python libraries and patterns for asynchronous process control, resource file access, and network connection testing. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or malicious command execution. The stderr is captured for diagnostics, and process termination is handled properly. No suspicious hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or malicious data flows are present.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a well-structured, standard implementation for managing an external server process. It does not contain malware or malicious intent. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to the general risks of running external processes, which are handled appropriately. No malicious or suspicious activity is identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}