{
  "purpose": "This code provides Django form widgets for integrating the Select2 JavaScript library, supporting features like AJAX loading, tagging, and model-based choices.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from class attributes, method parameters, and URL reversals; notably from build_attrs(), get_url(), filter_queryset(), and value_from_datadict(). It also accesses settings and cache.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting data attributes in build_attrs(), rendering media files, and caching widget objects in set_to_cache().",
  "flows": "Data flows from initialization parameters, class attributes, or URL reversals into HTML data attributes, media assets, and cache storage; user input can influence data-ajax--url, data-minimum-input-length, and data-tags.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. The code contains standard Django widget patterns. There is a use of 'pickle' (nosec comment) which is standard for Django caches; no suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple Django form widgets and mixins for Select2 integration, with AJAX support and model-based choices. It uses standard Django methods for building HTML attributes, media inclusion, and caching widget states. Caching involves storing widget objects, which is typical for such widgets; no evidence of malicious serialization or remote code execution. The use of 'pickle' with nosec comment aligns with Django's typical caching approach. URL reversals and dynamic data attribute generation are standard. No hidden backdoors, data exfiltration, or suspicious network activity are present. Overall, the code appears to be well-structured, legitimate, and focused on widget rendering and AJAX integration.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of Django form widgets for integrating Select2, supporting AJAX, tagging, and model-based choices. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The use of caching and dynamic media inclusion is standard practice. No obfuscation or malware indicators are detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}