{
  "purpose": "The code is a Twitter scraper designed to collect tweets based on various filters, save data into CSV files, and optionally download images. It uses Selenium WebDriver for browser automation and includes functions from an external 'utils' module.",
  "sources": "Input parameters from command-line arguments, such as date ranges, query terms, account filters, and external functions like 'log_search_page' and 'keep_scroling' that interact with the web driver.",
  "sinks": "Writing collected tweet data into CSV files, saving images to a directory, and executing JavaScript via Selenium to scroll pages. No network connections or data exfiltration are explicitly observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are processed to generate search URLs, which are loaded via Selenium. Data is extracted from the page, appended to a list, and periodically saved into CSV. Images are downloaded if enabled. The web driver is used for scrolling and page interaction throughout the process.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation with non-descriptive variable and function names, inconsistent or undefined variables such as 'save_dir', 'init_date', 'max_date', and incorrect usage of 'os.SqvRmxSMSXkxcyEHQwMaEXUFloLASBNV.exists' instead of 'os.path.exists'. The code structure is cluttered, with redundant conditional blocks for filename construction and date handling. These suggest either obfuscation or poor coding practices.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Twitter scraping tool that uses Selenium for web automation, with features for date range iteration, data collection, and image downloading. The obfuscation and inconsistent variable naming hinder clarity but do not directly indicate malicious intent. No evidence of malicious actions such as data exfiltration, system compromise, or network attacks is present. The imported 'utils' functions are unknown, which introduces uncertainty, but based on this fragment alone, the code appears to be a data collection script with poor maintainability and obfuscation rather than malware.",
  "conclusion": "The script functions as a Twitter scraper with significant obfuscation and coding issues. There is no explicit evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The high obfuscation score is justified, but overall, the code's purpose is data collection, not malicious activity. The security risk is low, but caution is advised due to code quality and obfuscation.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}