{
  "purpose": "The code provides API handlers for managing Celery worker processes, including operations like shutdown, restart, grow, shrink, autoscale, and queue management, with authentication and logging.",
  "sources": "URL query parameters (e.g., workername, queue, n, min, max), request headers (Authorization), and responses from control broadcast functions.",
  "sinks": "Control functions invoked with parameters from user input, which could lead to unintended control actions if inputs are not properly validated or sanitized.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (from URL/query) flow into control broadcast or control method calls; responses from these calls determine success or failure messages.",
  "anomalies": "Lack of explicit sanitization or validation for parameters like 'workername', 'taskid', 'queue', 'n', 'min', 'max' beyond type casting; reliance on external control functions for validation.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of API handlers for worker and task management, performing standard operations with basic validation. No malicious code, obfuscation, or backdoors are present. The logic is straightforward, with proper logging and authentication. The main concern is that parameters used in control commands are not explicitly sanitized beyond type validation, which could pose a risk if the underlying control functions do not enforce strict validation. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is evident. The obfuscation score is 0, given the code clarity. The security risk score is low (~0.2-0.3), reflecting potential misuse if inputs are not validated internally. Overall, the code appears secure and legitimate, with the caveat that control functions should perform robust validation to prevent misuse.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, transparent API for managing Celery workers and tasks, with no signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The primary security consideration is ensuring that the control functions validate all inputs thoroughly. The current scores and reasoning are appropriate, with a slight increase in risk due to potential input validation gaps. Overall, the code is safe, and the risk is minimal if proper validation is enforced within the control methods.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}