{
  "purpose": "This module provides explanation functions for estimator objects, specifically for interpreting weights and predictions, as part of the eli5 library for model interpretability.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'estimator' object passed to functions, as well as optional keyword arguments. No external data sources or inputs are read from files, networks, or environment variables.",
  "sinks": "The functions generate and return Explanation objects with representations of estimator objects. No sinks are present that could lead to data leaks or system modifications. No code execution or data exfiltration occurs.",
  "flows": "Input 'estimator' objects are converted to strings using repr() and assigned to the Explanation object; the flow is simple data wrapping. No external flows or untrusted data processing are involved.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hard-coded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code constructs. The code appears straightforward, defining dispatch functions that return placeholder Explanation objects indicating unsupported estimator types.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two generic functions decorated with singledispatch for explanation purposes. These functions do not perform any computation or data manipulation themselves; instead, they prepare placeholder Explanation objects indicating unsupported estimator types. The functions accept various parameters for customization but do not process or validate external data beyond parameter passing. The use of repr() on estimator objects is safe and standard for logging or display purposes. No suspicious, malicious, or obfuscated behavior is detected. The code is structurally simple, with no network operations, file access, or dynamic code execution. Overall, the code appears benign, serving as a placeholder or default implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward, benign part of a model interpretability library. It provides generic explanation functions that return placeholder objects for unsupported estimators. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks present in this snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}