{
  "purpose": "The code implements a client library for interacting with the Sysdig Monitor/Secure API, providing functions for managing users, teams, notifications, captures, and configuration.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (e.g., SDC_TOKEN, SDC_URL, SDC_SSL_VERIFY), user input parameters for API requests, and data from API responses.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to external Sysdig API endpoints, with data serialized using json.dumps(). Uses user input for URL parameters and request payloads. Returns API responses and content (e.g., download content).",
  "flows": "Sources (environment variables, function arguments) are used to build request data, headers, or URL parameters. These flow into HTTP request functions, which send data to external API endpoints. Responses are processed and returned.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected; tokens are obtained from environment variables or parameters. The code dynamically constructs URLs and request bodies based on input, but does not show suspicious obfuscation or code injection. Use of environment variables for tokens can be risky if not secured externally, but is standard practice. No unusual code behavior or backdoors are evident. All API interactions are standard and well-structured.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward API client implementation with multiple functions to manage users, teams, notifications, and data. It uses environment variables for sensitive info, which is typical. The HTTP request methods use data from parameters and environment variables, but do not include any dynamic or unsafe code execution. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious payloads are observed. The structure and flow are consistent with normal client library patterns. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors. The request URLs, headers, and payloads appear standard and appropriate for API communication. The only potential concern is reliance on environment variables for tokens, but this is a common and accepted pattern. Overall, the code seems to be a legitimate, functional API client without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured API client for Sysdig's platform, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It interacts with external APIs securely and does not contain obfuscated or suspicious code. Its main function is to facilitate management of users, teams, notifications, and data via the Sysdig API, with no malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}