{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client interface for interacting with the Sysdig Monitor/Secure API, including user, team, notification, capture, and configuration management.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (SDC_TOKEN, SDC_URL, SDC_SSL_VERIFY), user inputs via function arguments, and API responses.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to API endpoints, JSON serialization of data, file downloads, and content handling (e.g., res.content).",
  "flows": "Environment variables and function arguments supply data to request construction; requests send data to API endpoints; responses are parsed and returned; download content is retrieved from API.",
  "anomalies": "Code constructs seem consistent with a legitimate API client. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious patterns are evident. No suspicious network domains or obfuscated code present. Usage of environment variables for tokens is standard. The code implements retries and verifies responses properly.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a comprehensive client for Sysdig API interactions, with functions for user, team, notification, capture, and configuration management. It uses environment variables for sensitive data like tokens and verifies SSL configuration, which is standard. The request and response handling seem correct. No indicators of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden code are detected. Functions like download_sysdig_capture handle content as raw bytes, which is appropriate. The code does not perform any suspicious dynamic execution or obfuscation. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured API client for Sysdig services, with no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions as a legitimate API client for Sysdig, managing users, teams, notifications, captures, and configurations. It securely uses environment variables for sensitive data, verifies responses properly, and does not contain any malicious or suspicious patterns. No malware or malicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}