{
  "purpose": "This code implements a server for providing semantic search tools for a specified Python module's documentation, source code, and usage examples, leveraging Qdrant vector database, SentenceTransformer, and MCP framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables for module name; uses external libraries such as mcp.server.fastmcp, qdrant_client, sentence_transformers; and performs network operations via QdrantClient. It also encodes queries with a SentenceTransformer model.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly write or execute untrusted data. The main outputs are formatted strings and dictionaries returned from functions. Network interactions with Qdrant are standard for vector search; no data leaks or system modifications are performed.",
  "flows": "Input query strings are encoded via SentenceTransformer and used as query vectors to Qdrant, with results formatted and returned. No untrusted data flows into system-modifying operations or malicious code execution paths.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are detected. The code performs typical setup for a semantic search server. No obfuscated code or suspicious constructs are present. The code structure is straightforward and adheres to expected patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a semantic search server for a module, setting up MCP, Qdrant client, and encoding models. It registers three tools for documentation, source code, and usage examples, querying Qdrant with vector similarity. All operations involve standard library usage, with no signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The network interactions are limited to retrieving search results from Qdrant. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data handling is observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign implementation of a semantic search server for Python module documentation and code, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It follows typical patterns for such applications and does not perform any unauthorized or harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}