{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a server that provides semantic search tools for Python module documentation, source code, and usage examples using Qdrant vector database and SentenceTransformer models.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from environment variables (MODULE_NAME), user queries to the tools, and data fetched from the Qdrant database (payloads such as 'name', 'type', 'docstring', 'source_code').",
  "sinks": "Data retrieved from the database (payloads) is formatted and returned as strings in lists or dictionaries. No direct sinks for untrusted data execution are present; the data is only used for presentation.",
  "flows": "User queries are encoded via the SentenceTransformer model, sent to Qdrant for retrieval, and the retrieved payloads are formatted into responses. The flow is query → encoding → database retrieval → formatting → response.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, malicious code, or suspicious logic are observed. The code performs standard server setup, database querying, and data formatting. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a server that provides semantic search tools over a module's documentation, source code, and usage examples by querying a Qdrant vector database with embeddings from SentenceTransformer. It uses the FastMCP framework for server and tool registration. There are no signs of malicious activity such as network exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. Payload data from the database is used solely for formatting responses. No secrets or credentials are hardcoded; the Qdrant URL is configurable. The overall structure is typical for such a documentation support service.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign implementation of a semantic search server for Python modules, with no malicious intent or behavior detected. It securely accesses data from a database and formats responses for user queries without executing or processing untrusted code or sensitive data.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}