{
  "purpose": "This script encrypts or decrypts Python code files using TokenCryptor, and generates a main script to dynamically load and execute encrypted code.",
  "sources": "Reads input Python file content, environment variables (potentially via imported modules), and writes output files. Uses dynamic module import via importlib.",
  "sinks": "Dynamic import and execution of decrypted code via exec(imported_module). Writes output files with encrypted/decrypted content.",
  "flows": "Reads input file -> encrypts/decrypts content -> writes output file -> creates main script that imports encrypted module, decrypts, and executes code.",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic code execution (exec) with imported modules, which can be dangerous if input or module contents are malicious. The main script dynamically imports and executes code without verification. The code prefixes local imports with 'result.', potentially modifying import paths.",
  "analysis": "The script processes Python files for encryption/decryption, creating a result directory and a main script to run decrypted code dynamically. It uses TokenCryptor for encryption/decryption. The main concern is the dynamic import and execution of potentially decrypted code via exec(importlib.import_module). While the code structure appears intended for code obfuscation, this pattern can be exploited for malicious purposes, especially if the imported module is tampered with or if the decrypted code contains malicious payloads. There are no hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors, but the use of exec on imported modules is inherently risky. The script does not seem to obfuscate code intentionally beyond encryption, but dynamic execution can be exploited for malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code's primary function is encrypting/decrypting Python scripts and dynamically executing decrypted code. The use of dynamic import and exec introduces security risks, especially if input files or modules are maliciously crafted. There are no explicit malicious behaviors or backdoors, but the pattern of dynamic execution warrants caution. Overall, the script can be used benignly but could be exploited for malicious purposes if misused.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 4
}