{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to encrypt or decrypt Python code files using the TokenCryptor, and to generate a result directory with processed files, including a main script that dynamically imports and executes the decrypted code.",
  "sources": "Reads input file content, reads lines for import statements, reads encrypted or decrypted code for processing",
  "sinks": "Writes encrypted/decrypted code to output files, dynamically imports modules, executes decrypted code via exec",
  "flows": "Reads input file -> processes lines (encryption/decryption) -> writes output file -> generates main script -> dynamically imports and executes code",
  "anomalies": "The code performs dynamic module import and execution of decrypted code, which can be a security concern. The creation of a main script that imports and executes decrypted code dynamically could be exploited for malicious code execution. The replacement of import statements with 'result.' prefix is unusual and may facilitate dynamic loading. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The script reads input Python files, encrypts or decrypts content using TokenCryptor, and writes processed output files into a 'result' directory. It constructs a main script that imports the encrypted/decrypted module dynamically and executes its code via exec. This pattern of dynamic import and execution, especially involving decryption at runtime, presents a potential security risk if malicious code is embedded or if the module being imported is compromised. There is no evidence of malicious network activity, backdoors, or hardcoded secrets. The code structure indicates a tool for obfuscation rather than malicious sabotage. However, the dynamic execution of decrypted code can be exploited if the input is compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a code obfuscation or encryption tool with potential security risks due to dynamic code execution. No explicit malicious behavior such as network communication, backdoors, or data exfiltration is present. The primary concern is the dynamic execution of decrypted code, which can be dangerous if used maliciously. Overall, it seems intended for legitimate obfuscation but could be exploited if misused.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 5
}