{
  "purpose": "The code functions as a web application vulnerability scanner that crawls web pages, detects WAF presence, injects payloads to test for vulnerabilities such as XSS, SSTI, CSRF, and Directory Traversal, and reports findings in various formats.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from user-supplied target URL/IP, optional user agents file, and configuration files (vulnerabilities.json, waf_indicators.json, banners). HTTP requests are made using the requests library, with URL validation and parsing for URL normalization and crawling.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows include injecting payloads into forms and URL parameters, which can lead to server-side or client-side code execution if misused. Responses are processed for vulnerability patterns, with some payloads actively injected. Output functions display and save results, but do not execute code based on data.",
  "flows": "Source input (target URL/IP) is validated and used to make HTTP requests. Response content is parsed with BeautifulSoup for vulnerabilities detection and active scans. Payloads are injected into forms and URL parameters; responses are checked for vulnerabilities, and results are accumulated and reported.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code uses payload injection for vulnerability testing, which is expected behavior. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are detected. Logging and error handling appear standard. All operations are consistent with a web vulnerability scanner, with no signs of covert or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive web vulnerability scanner that performs URL validation, crawling, active vulnerability testing via payload injection, and pattern matching for security issues. It uses external libraries like requests, BeautifulSoup, and fake_useragent for standard web scanning tasks. Payloads and detection patterns are predefined, and results are displayed or exported. No suspicious or malicious code constructs are present. The injection of payloads is part of legitimate security testing, not malicious activity. There are no indications of backdoors, data exfiltration, or harmful system modifications. The use of requests and pattern matching aligns with typical security tools. Overall, the code performs intended security assessments without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a web vulnerability scanner designed for security testing. It employs payload injection and pattern matching to identify vulnerabilities. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or covert operations. Its functionality aligns with standard penetration testing tools, and it does not contain malicious code or backdoors. Therefore, it is assessed as safe in terms of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}