{
  "purpose": "This script is designed to scan web applications for common vulnerabilities such as XSS, SQL Injection, Directory Traversal, SSTI, and other web security issues by crawling pages, injecting payloads, and analyzing responses.",
  "sources": "The code reads input URLs or IP addresses from command-line arguments, loads vulnerability patterns and WAF indicators from JSON files, and reads user agent strings from a file or generates them dynamically.",
  "sinks": "The code makes HTTP GET and POST requests to target URLs, injecting payloads and submitting forms. It processes response texts to detect vulnerabilities, and outputs results in console, JSON, or CSV files.",
  "flows": "Input URL/IP -> Validation and normalization -> HTTP requests (GET/POST with payloads) -> Response analysis for vulnerabilities and WAF detection -> Results aggregation and display.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns detected. Usage of standard libraries, no hardcoded credentials, no hidden backdoors. The code handles network requests responsibly and avoids executing untrusted code dynamically. No obfuscated code or malware-like behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The script performs a comprehensive web vulnerability scan by crawling linked pages, injecting payloads into forms and URL parameters, and analyzing responses for signs of security issues. It loads external configuration files (vulnerability patterns, WAF indicators, user agents). It employs standard security practices, such as request delays and SSL verification. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, system compromise, or reverse shells, are present. All network interactions are clearly for testing purposes. The code's structure and libraries are typical for web security scanning tools, and there is no indication of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate web application vulnerability scanner with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It follows typical patterns for security testing tools, and no suspicious or harmful behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}