{
  "purpose": "This code dynamically imports modules and specific attributes (types, classes, functions) from those modules based on string input, intended for flexible runtime import operations.",
  "sources": "Input string parameter 'importable'; module components derived from 'importable'.",
  "sinks": "importlib.import_module call (dynamic module import); getattr calls (accessing attributes of imported modules); exception handling for import errors.",
  "flows": "The 'doImport' function receives a string, splits it into module components, performs dynamic import via importlib, then accesses specified attributes. If attributes or modules are missing, it catches exceptions and retries with fewer components, eventually raising errors.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable names and nested functions make understanding difficult; the code performs dynamic imports and attribute access which could be misused if input is maliciously crafted. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or network activity is present. No external or suspicious behavior evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two functions: 'doImport' for importing modules and specific attributes, and 'doImportType' for importing modules expecting a type return. It splits the input string into parts, attempts to import the module, then retrieve the attribute(s). It handles errors by trimming the module path and retrying, which could be exploited if an attacker supplies malicious module names or attribute paths. The code does not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications. It uses dynamic imports and attribute access, which are common in plugin systems but could be abused if inputs are malicious. There are no signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or intentional harm. Obfuscation is limited to variable naming. Overall, the code appears to serve a utility function without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a dynamic import utility with obfuscated variable names. It performs standard operations for importing modules and attributes at runtime. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. Its use of dynamic import and attribute access could be risky if used with untrusted inputs, but in itself, it does not contain malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}