{
  "purpose": "Dynamically import modules or specific attributes (types or classes) from modules based on string input.",
  "sources": "The 'importable' string input, which is split into module path components; module import via importlib.import_module.",
  "sinks": "Attribute access via getattr on imported modules; dynamic import function that could be misused for malicious module or attribute injection.",
  "flows": "Input 'importable' string -> module import -> attribute retrieval -> return of type or module; error handling for failed imports.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated variable names and dynamic import logic may indicate an attempt to hide behavior. No explicit hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity is evident. No use of unsafe eval or subprocess calls. The code handles import errors but does not sanitize input beyond type checks.",
  "analysis": "The code provides functions to import modules or attributes dynamically based on a string. It splits the import path and attempts to import progressively shorter module paths until successful. It uses 'importlib.import_module' for imports, and 'getattr' to access specific attributes. Error handling captures ModuleNotFoundError and re-raises with context. No network activity, data leaks, or suspicious backdoors are present. The variable names are intentionally obfuscated, which could be suspicious but may also be an attempt at concealment. The logic appears consistent with legitimate dynamic import patterns, with no evidence of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs dynamic module and attribute import with obfuscated variable names but no overt malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain backdoors, network activity, or credential theft. The obfuscation could be suspicious but is not definitive. Overall, the code seems intended for flexible import functionality without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}