{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of classes for database cursor management in a Python database API implementation for SQL Server, including support for MARS and non-MARS connections, and provides mechanisms for executing queries, stored procedures, and bulk data loading.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from parameters in methods like execute, executemany, execute_scalar, and copy_to; also reads from files or iterables in copy_to; retrieves connection/session info and messages from the session object.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include execution of SQL commands via session.execute, session.executemany, and session.submit_bulk; also, the copy_to method constructs and executes bulk insert SQL commands, which could be misused if parameters are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Input sources (parameters, files, data) flow into SQL commands and bulk insert operations; session methods execute these commands, and results or errors flow back through the session's response and message handling; the code constructs SQL statements dynamically, e.g., in copy_to.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are evident. The copy_to method dynamically constructs SQL commands, which should be safe if parameters are sanitized, but no explicit sanitization is shown. The code extensively uses deprecated warnings for connection property. The presence of detailed bulk loading logic appears standard but could be misused if parameters are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical implementation of database cursor classes for SQL Server, supporting execution, stored procedures, and bulk operations. The use of dynamic SQL in copy_to is standard but should rely on safe parameters. There are no indications of malicious code such as network data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors. No suspicious external calls, credential handling, or obfuscated code is present. The code adheres to common patterns for database interactions with proper separation of concerns. The handling of streaming and message collection is standard. Overall, the code is benign with respect to malicious intent; no malware signals are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured implementation of database cursor management for SQL Server, supporting multiple connection types and bulk operations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The dynamic SQL construction in bulk loading is typical but should be used with trusted parameters. The code does not contain any evident security risks or malicious signals based on this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}