{
  "purpose": "The code provides helper functions and a command-line interface parser for encrypting and decrypting data using the AWS Encryption SDK. It handles argument parsing, configuration processing, and validation.",
  "sources": "Reads input arguments from command line (raw_args), environment variables (e.g., AWS-related configs), and input files or directories specified by user.",
  "sinks": "Uses parsed arguments to configure encryption/decryption operations; potential for untrusted input to influence encryption context, key configurations, or file overwriting behavior.",
  "flows": "Input arguments are parsed, validated, and processed into internal configuration structures; these configurations are then used to perform cryptographic operations and file I/O.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded secrets or credentials; argument processing and validation functions are standard. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation observed; no suspicious network activity or data leakage mechanisms evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on argument parsing and validation for a command-line encryption utility. It securely handles user input by validating formats and ensuring required parameters are provided. The functions process encryption contexts and key provider configurations with appropriate checks. No evidence of malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration routines. No suspicious external network activity or hidden behaviors. The code appears well-structured and consistent with typical CLI tools, with robust validation to prevent common misconfigurations. There are no signs of supply chain sabotage or malware, and third-party dependencies are standard for AWS SDK integrations. The only potential risk is misconfiguration by users, which is handled via validation rather than malicious code execution.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured CLI argument parser and configuration processor for an AWS encryption tool. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or supply chain attacks. It performs expected validation and configuration handling without suspicious or harmful activities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}