{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate and display ASCII-based graphs with color annotations, possibly for data visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "Data sources include hardcoded tuples and lists, function parameters, and imported modules. No external or untrusted input sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "Output functions such as print, which display the generated graphs; no other sinks are present that could lead to data exfiltration or system compromise.",
  "flows": "Data flows from hardcoded data structures into ASCII graph functions, then outputs to the console. No flow from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks is identified.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated-looking module and variable names, but no malicious or suspicious code patterns are observed. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. The import statements are incomplete or malformed, indicating potential obfuscation or incomplete code, but do not by themselves suggest malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code imports modules from 'ascii_graph' and 'ascii_graph.colors', then creates instances of graph objects, passing in data that is hardcoded. It calls methods to generate ASCII visualizations with color annotations. There is no user input handling, network communication, or dynamic code execution. The naming conventions are obscure, but the operations appear solely focused on visualization. The code includes multiple data structures with numeric and tuple values, which are used as input to the graphing functions. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data theft, code injection, or network activity, are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is solely for data visualization using ASCII graphs, with no evidence of malicious behavior, malicious payloads, or security risks. The obfuscation appears superficial and does not indicate malicious intent. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}