{
  "purpose": "The code performs pressure distribution calculations for bearings using analytical solutions (involving Bessel functions and exponentials) and finite difference numerical methods, based on properties of the 'bearing' object.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'bearing' object's attributes such as 'case', 'x', 'ps', 'pa', 'xc', 'beta', 'Psi', 'x', 'xa', 'kappa', 'mu', 'blocked', 'block_in', 'ha', 'geom', 'csys', 'type', 'pc', 'nx', 'ny', 'nh', 'clearance', 'x', 'dx', 'dy', and external functions imported from 'openairbearing.utils'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform external data transmission or network communication; it processes data internally within the functions and returns numerical results. No external file or network sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'bearing' attributes flows into pressure calculation functions, which compute pressure distributions. The results are returned as 'Result' objects or numpy arrays. No external data flows or transmissions are involved.",
  "anomalies": "Some lines such as 'factors[b.x, b.x**2]' appear incomplete or syntactically incorrect, indicating potential implementation bugs. No signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious data handling are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a scientific module for bearing pressure analysis, utilizing standard numerical libraries (numpy, scipy). It includes analytical solutions involving exponential and Bessel functions, as well as finite difference schemes for numerical solutions. No external communication, data exfiltration, or malicious logic is present. The incomplete lines suggest implementation errors rather than malicious intent. The code relies on attributes of the 'bearing' object and imported utility functions, with data flows confined to internal computations. No suspicious patterns, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate scientific computation module for bearing pressure analysis. No malicious activity, obfuscation, or security risks are detected. The assigned malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk is very low (~0.1), primarily due to potential implementation bugs rather than security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}