{
  "purpose": "This code provides CRUD operations for managing Fibonacci sequence calculations and maintaining a block list of sequence numbers to prevent certain values from being processed.",
  "sources": "Reads from _block.SEQUENCE_NUMBER_BLOCK_LIST, input parameter 'n' in functions, and possibly user-provided 'sequence_number' in update and delete functions.",
  "sinks": "Raises exceptions, modifies _block.SEQUENCE_NUMBER_BLOCK_LIST, and calls recursive calculation functions. No direct output of untrusted data beyond exception raising.",
  "flows": "Checks if 'n' is in block list before calculation, then returns Fibonacci number. When updating or deleting, it modifies the block list. In get_fibonacci_range, it awaits Fibonacci calculations for unblocked indices.",
  "anomalies": "Use of recursion with caching for Fibonacci calculation is standard, but the code does not sanitize or validate inputs beyond type annotations. The block list modifications are straightforward, but there is no validation logic for sequence numbers outside expected ranges. No evidence of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or obfuscated logic.",
  "analysis": "The code performs basic Fibonacci calculations with caching, maintains a block list to exclude certain sequence numbers from being calculated, and supports pagination. The block list is manipulated via add, remove, and clear functions, stored in a shared '_block' module. The functions handle exceptions gracefully and do not perform any dangerous operations or external communications. No hardcoded secrets, malicious payloads, or obfuscated code are present. The code appears to be a standard utility for managing Fibonacci calculations with a block list feature, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of Fibonacci sequence calculations and block list management. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks beyond standard input handling. The logic is clear, and no suspicious operations are observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}