{
  "purpose": "The code implements CRUD operations for managing a block list and calculating Fibonacci sequence numbers, with caching and pagination features.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, environment variables (implicitly via the _block module), and the block list set.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include modifications to the _block.SEQUENCE_NUMBER_BLOCK_LIST and the raising of exceptions. The code also performs recursive Fibonacci calculations, but no external data is directly written or transmitted.",
  "flows": "Input parameters such as sequence numbers flow into functions like get_fibonacci, update_block_list, and delete_from_block_list, which then modify or check the block list. The Fibonacci calculation is a recursive process with no external data output. Block list modifications affect shared state.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses a cache decorator on a recursive Fibonacci function which could cause high resource usage but is not inherently malicious. The exception message formatting in 'ValueOnBlockList' appears generic. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code snippets are evident. No network communication or data exfiltration is present. No obfuscated code features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard operations related to managing a block list and computing Fibonacci numbers, with functions to add, remove, and clear entries. The Fibonacci function uses naive recursion with caching, which is typical but not malicious. The block list is manipulated via set operations. The code does not perform any network I/O, file manipulation, or system commands. No hidden backdoors or malicious payloads are present. The only potential concern could be resource exhaustion due to recursive Fibonacci, but it is not malicious. Overall, there are no signs of malware, sabotage, or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign implementation for managing a block list and Fibonacci calculations. No malicious intent or security risks are evident. It functions within expected bounds without performing any harmful actions or data exfiltration.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}