{
  "purpose": "This code implements an authentication helper class for web applications, integrating with frameworks like Flask and Quart to manage login, logout, and protected routes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from class attributes, method parameters, environment variables (implicitly through app context), and URL parsing.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include redirect functions, login functions, and URL parsing that could be manipulated if untrusted input is used without validation.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (like URLs and scopes) flows into redirect functions, login procedures, and route registration, but only after proper validation. No evidence of malicious data flow or injection vulnerabilities.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious dynamic code execution are observed. Usage of environment variables is not directly present. No backdoors or data leaks are detected. The code structure appears typical for a web authentication helper.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for managing OAuth-like authentication flows within web frameworks, utilizing standard Python practices like partial functions and decorators. It dynamically registers routes, handles user login states, and manages redirects, all within typical security expectations. No hardcoded credentials, malicious code, or suspicious behaviors are found. The URL parsing is standard and used for route configuration, not data handling. The environment variables are not directly accessed, reducing risk of leakage. The code does not perform unsafe SQL, code injection, or obfuscated operations. Overall, it appears to be a straightforward, well-structured authentication helper module.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate and does not exhibit malicious intent or security risks. It functions as an authentication utility for web applications, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. The security risk is minimal, primarily dependent on correct implementation and input validation outside this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}