{
  "purpose": "The module provides functions to evaluate machine learning models, including metrics calculation and plotting, for both classification and regression tasks.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via the evaluate_model function parameters (X, y, X_test, y_test). It also reads model predictions through model.predict and model.predict_proba methods.",
  "sinks": "Results are stored in the results dictionary. Plots are generated using matplotlib and seaborn, which are visualization libraries, not sinks of untrusted data. No code writes untrusted data externally or to sensitive locations.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters into evaluation and plotting functions. Model predictions (via model.predict and model.predict_proba) serve as sources feeding into metrics computations. Metrics and predictions are stored in the results dictionary. Visualization functions create figures based on predictions and metrics.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are present. The code uses standard libraries and methods for model evaluation and visualization. No obfuscated or unusual language features are detected. The code appears straightforward, with no hidden or malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical model evaluation utility module. It accepts input data and a trained model, performs predictions, calculates standard performance metrics, and generates visualization plots. The logic is standard and adheres to common practices in ML model evaluation. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The only data flow is the evaluation process itself, which is benign. No external network calls, file writes, or suspicious activities are observed. The plotting and metrics calculations rely solely on well-known libraries. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard machine learning model evaluation utility with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It operates solely within expected boundaries for such tools, with no hardcoded secrets, external network activity, or obfuscated code. The risk of malware or malicious intent is extremely low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}