{
  "purpose": "The code provides a function to tokenize text into phrases of specified length by splitting on whitespace and stripping delimiters, mainly for text processing and feature extraction.",
  "sources": "The function reads input text data from the 'text_list' parameter, which can be a list of strings or a single string.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sinks that handle untrusted data in a way that could lead to security vulnerabilities. It does not write data externally, execute commands, or handle sensitive information.",
  "flows": "Input text flows from 'text_list' into the 'split' variable, where it's split into words, then delimiters are stripped, and finally, phrases are generated by joining words. There are no external sinks or data leaks in the flow.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs straightforward string processing with no signs of obfuscation, dynamic execution, or hidden behavior. It relies on an external 'WORD_DELIM' pattern, but that is a typical dependency for delimiter specification. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious logic are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a simple, safe text tokenization process, converting input text into n-grams after normalizing case and stripping delimiters. It uses standard string operations and list comprehensions, with no dynamic code execution, network calls, or file I/O beyond string processing. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected. The external 'WORD_DELIM' import is expected to be a regex pattern for delimiters and poses no security concern. Overall, the code appears benign and intended solely for text tokenization.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs basic text tokenization with no malicious intent or security risks. It contains no malware indicators, obfuscated logic, or insecure operations. It is safe for use within larger projects, provided 'WORD_DELIM' is also safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}