{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for executing and serializing GraphQL queries over HTTP, handling JSON serialization/deserialization, and managing request parameters and responses.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from HTTP request bodies, query parameters, and external modules such as 'json', 'promise', and 'graphql'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include JSON serialization functions (json.dumps), execution of GraphQL queries via 'graphql' library methods, and the handling of untrusted input in request parameters.",
  "flows": "Data flows from HTTP request input (load_json_body, get_graphql_params) into execution functions (execute_graphql_request), then results are formatted and serialized for HTTP response (encode_execution_results, json_encode).",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code constructs, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code present. No backdoors or hidden network activity detected. The code relies on external libraries for core functionality without any suspicious dynamic code execution or code injection.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard request parsing, JSON handling, and GraphQL query execution. It validates input types, manages batch requests, and catches exceptions during execution, returning appropriate error information. No evidence of malicious intent such as network connections to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or backdoors is present. Use of 'json' for serialization and the GraphQL library functions are typical for this context. No hardcoded credentials or secret tokens are observed. The flow of untrusted data is confined to known safe functions, with error handling that prevents leaks. The overall structure adheres to expected patterns for a GraphQL HTTP server helper library.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, safe implementation of a GraphQL HTTP server utility set. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks beyond normal application handling. It appears to be well-structured and adheres to best practices, with no suspicious or malicious elements detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}