{
  "purpose": "The code manages contest sessions, makes API requests to retrieve contest problems, and processes the response data into Problem objects.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as contest_id and pin; API response data from _make_request; response data in various formats.",
  "sinks": "Processed problem data used to create Problem objects; debug print statements that output API responses and internal states.",
  "flows": "From input parameters to API request via _make_contest_request, then response parsing, data validation, Problem object creation, and sorting.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of extensive debug print statements throughout the code, especially in get_problems(), which could leak sensitive info if logs are exposed; complex response parsing logic handling multiple formats.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured API client for contest problem retrieval, with robust response parsing to handle various formats. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The debug print statements, while verbose, are typical during development and do not constitute malicious behavior but could leak sensitive info if logs are exposed. The response handling logic is complex but necessary for robustness. No external network activity beyond the API request is detected. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.2 due to debug statements. Overall, the code is benign, with the main concern being the debug output, which should be cleaned up for production. The scores are consistent with the analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured API client for contest problem retrieval, with no malicious activity or backdoors detected. The only issue is verbose debug output, which could leak sensitive info if logs are exposed. The malware score remains 0, obfuscation score 0, and security risk score about 0.2. It is recommended to remove or disable debug print statements in production to improve security hygiene, but they do not constitute a security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}