{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for calling Snowflake SQL functions using the Snowpark Python library, handling both immediate and batch modes, with session management and input formatting.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for functions (function names, arguments, session objects), environment variables (via context.get_active_session()).",
  "sinks": "SQL query execution via session.sql(), data collection via df.collect(), and function invocation via snowpark.functions.builtin().",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> Function calls and argument formatting -> SQL statement construction -> Execution through session.sql() or Snowpark functions -> Data collection from query results.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code does not perform any network operations or system modifications. The use of session and functions appears standard. Exception handling is typical. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines helper functions for calling Snowflake SQL functions in different modes, with proper handling of session context and input arguments. It uses the Snowpark API securely, formatting arguments with 'format_value_for_select' and avoiding raw SQL concatenation beyond function invocation, which is a typical pattern for safe query execution. Exception handling for missing sessions is appropriate. No suspicious code or behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious logic are identified. The code relies on standard library functions and Snowflake APIs, with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard utility for Snowflake SQL function invocation, with appropriate session handling and argument formatting. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is a benign, well-structured utility code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}