{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for calling Snowflake SQL functions via Snowpark, supporting both immediate and batch execution modes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function arguments, session state, and environment (via context.get_active_session()).",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points include returning SQL query results directly, especially in call_sql_function_literals which executes dynamic SQL strings.",
  "flows": "Input arguments are processed and passed into SQL functions; results are fetched via collection methods and returned directly. Data flows from input arguments through function calls to database execution and back to the return value.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. Use of exception raising on session absence is standard. No obfuscated code or unusual language features observed. No backdoors or malicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly wraps Snowflake SQL function calls with proper handling for session management and argument formatting. It checks for presence of snowpark.Column instances to determine execution mode, and raises exceptions if session is missing. The functions convert arguments into literals or columns and execute SQL queries, returning the results. The call_sql_function_literals method constructs SQL strings dynamically, which could be risky if user inputs are untrusted; however, it uses a formatting function to sanitize values. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or malicious behavior are present. The code adheres to expected usage patterns for database interaction and session management. Overall, the code appears legitimate with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for Snowflake SQL function calls, with proper handling and sanitization measures. It does not contain malicious or suspicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The only minor concern is the dynamic SQL string construction in call_sql_function_literals, which relies on external formatting but appears sanitized. No security risks or malware are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}