{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions to invoke SQL functions within Snowflake Snowpark sessions, supporting both immediate and batch processing modes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters through function arguments (e.g., 'args' in call_sql_function, session, function name), and retrieves active sessions via context.get_active_session().",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the execution of SQL commands through session.sql() and session.create_dataframe(), which could lead to SQL injection if user input is not properly sanitized or validated.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from 'args' or function names flows into SQL commands without explicit sanitization, especially in 'call_sql_function_literals' where string concatenation occurs, leading to potential SQL injection vulnerabilities.",
  "anomalies": "The code relies on string formatting and concatenation for SQL commands, notably in 'call_sql_function_literals', which could be exploited if user-controlled input is passed as arguments. No explicit input validation or sanitization is performed. No encryption or obfuscation is present. Exception handling is standard, but there is potential for misleading error messages if malicious inputs are used.",
  "analysis": "The code enables execution of Snowflake SQL functions with user-supplied parameters. In 'call_sql_function', arguments that are snowpark.Columns are handled differently, reducing injection risk there. However, 'call_sql_function_literals' constructs SQL queries using string concatenation with user input, which can be exploited for SQL injection if inputs are maliciously crafted. No input validation or sanitization is implemented. The functions depend on the assumption that inputs are safe or properly formatted. Exception handling is standard but does not include specific safeguards against malicious input. Overall, the code's primary risk lies in unsafe string formatting in 'call_sql_function_literals', which could lead to SQL injection vulnerabilities if misused.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be designed for legitimate purposes—executing SQL functions within Snowflake. However, the use of string concatenation in 'call_sql_function_literals' introduces a significant security risk of SQL injection if inputs are maliciously crafted. There are no explicit sanitization or validation measures for inputs used in SQL commands. Overall, the code's security posture depends on how inputs are controlled and validated before use. Given the potential for SQL injection in 'call_sql_function_literals', this code has a moderate security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "report_number": 2
}