{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to normalize genetic allele sequences by trimming, shuffling, and anchoring for comparison and analysis purposes.",
  "sources": "Sequence input (parameter `sequence`), interval coordinates (parameter `interval`), and alleles list (parameter `alleles`) which are read from function arguments. No external untrusted input sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct output sinks such as network transmission, file writing, or system command execution. It mainly processes and returns normalized data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through normalization procedures, involving trimming, shuffling, and anchoring, then results are returned as normalized interval and allele sequences. No external data sinks are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code uses standard Python libraries, with internal functions for trimming and sequence rotation, and debugging print statements. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are observed. The `debug` flag controls verbose output, which is safe.",
  "analysis": "The code performs allele normalization with various modes, involving sequence trimming and circular permutation operations, using internal helper functions (`trim_left`, `trim_right`, `roll_left`, `roll_right`). It has input validation for interval bounds, alleles, and normalization mode. The debug functions print sequence states but do not perform external malicious actions. No external network, file, or system command interactions are found. The presence of test cases and internal functions indicates development or debugging purposes, but no malicious behavior is evident. The code does not read from or write to any external sources beyond its internal data flow. No suspicious dynamic execution, obfuscated code, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured allele normalization utility with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It solely processes and returns data internally, with optional debugging output. No security risks or malware behavior are detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}