{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to normalize alleles within a genomic sequence, supporting operations such as trimming, shuffling, and anchoring for comparative analysis of genetic variants.",
  "sources": "The code reads the input sequence (sequence), the interval defining the variant location (interval), and the alleles (alleles). It also reads optional parameters like bounds and mode.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sinks that send data outside the system or perform dangerous operations such as network transmission, file writing, or command execution. It mainly manipulates string data locally.",
  "flows": "Sequence data flows from the sequence input to the normalization functions; alleles are derived from sequence segments; the interval is adjusted based on trimming and shuffling; no external untrusted data is sent or external system commands are invoked.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external communication. All operations are local string manipulations and logical adjustments. No obfuscated or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a specialized library for genomic data normalization, involving trimming, shuffling, and anchoring of allele sequences within a reference genome sequence. The functions operate on string data, with clear and documented logic for trimming common prefixes/suffixes and circular permutation of alleles within bounds. The only external interactions are print statements for debugging, which are controlled via a debug flag, and no external network or file operations are performed. The functions do not include any code that could be malicious, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoor mechanisms. The inclusion of debugging functions is standard for development and testing. Overall, there are no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain compromise in this code.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate, domain-specific library for allele normalization in genomics, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It is well-structured, with no suspicious or malicious constructs detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 2
}