{
  "purpose": "The code implements a custom Django template tag for caching template fragments with variable expiration times and cache names.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include template variables: expire_time_var, vary_on variables, and optional cache_name variable; also, the token arguments parsed from the template.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink points include the cache.get() and cache.set() methods, which store and retrieve data from the cache, possibly influenced by untrusted input variables.",
  "flows": "Data flows from template variables (expire_time, vary_on variables, cache_name) through their resolution in the render method, to cache key generation via make_template_fragment_key, then to cache retrieval or setting, depending on cache hits.",
  "anomalies": "Use of resolve() on template variables without strict validation is standard but could potentially be manipulated if untrusted variables influence cache keys. No hardcoded secrets or credentials. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected. No network activity or system modifications observed.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a cache node that caches rendered template fragments. It resolves variables for expiration time, cache name, and vary_on parameters, then constructs cache keys with make_template_fragment_key. The cache retrieval and storage are performed via Django's cache framework. The cache name can be dynamically selected via a variable, but this is typical and not inherently malicious. No user input is directly used in critical operations beyond standard variable resolution. The code does not perform network calls, file modifications, or execute dynamic code. There are no signs of obfuscated or malicious code. The only potential concern is if untrusted template variables influence cache keys maliciously, but this is standard behavior for cache keys based on variable input.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard custom Django template cache tag implementation without malicious intent or malware. It leverages common Django mechanisms for cache key generation and cache access. No malicious or suspicious behavior detected, and no security risks are evident beyond typical use of dynamic cache keys based on template variables.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}