{
  "purpose": "Analyze the provided obfuscated Python setup script for potential malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks.",
  "sources": "Variables assigned to nonsensical strings and values, especially those used as parameters in the setup() call.",
  "sinks": "The setup() function call with obfuscated or invalid keyword arguments; potential misuse of parameters to hide malicious intent.",
  "flows": "Variable assignments (sources) to setup() parameters (sinks), with obfuscation serving to conceal actual intent.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable names, nonsensical parameter names, invalid or non-standard setup arguments, and high obfuscation scores despite no active code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard setuptools setup script but with heavily obfuscated variable names and nonsensical parameter assignments. The parameters used do not conform to standard setuptools arguments, which would cause errors if executed. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or payloads are present. The obfuscation appears superficial, likely intended to hide malicious intent or evade detection. Malware scores are low (around 0.1-0.2), reflecting no evidence of active malicious behavior. Obfuscation scores are high (around 0.8), indicating significant obfuscation. Risk scores are moderate (around 0.3), primarily due to obfuscation and invalid parameter usage, which could be used to hide malicious code. Overall, the static analysis suggests suspicion but no confirmed malicious activity. Further dynamic analysis or source deobfuscation is recommended before trusting or deploying this package.",
  "conclusion": "The code exhibits high obfuscation with nonsensical variable and parameter names, raising suspicion. However, there is no evidence of active malicious behavior or code execution. The obfuscation could be benign or an attempt to conceal malicious intent. Caution is advised, and further analysis is recommended before use.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.85,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.35,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}