{
  "purpose": "The code provides serializers for user authentication, password reset, and token management in a Django REST Framework setup, supporting integrations with allauth and Django's default auth system.",
  "sources": "User input fields such as username, email, password, uid, token, old_password, new_password1, new_password2; data passed via request context and form validation methods.",
  "sinks": "Authentication functions, token generators, password change/save methods, email sending functions, and password reset mechanisms which could be used maliciously if misused or compromised.",
  "flows": "User inputs (username/email/password) -> Validation functions and authentication methods -> Password reset and token generation -> Saving new passwords -> Email dispatch for password reset -> Password change procedures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. Usage of potentially dynamic or external modules (allauth) is conditional but standard. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors evident. Exception handling appears appropriate. No suspicious network or system calls are present. The code mainly orchestrates existing Django/DRF authentication flows.",
  "analysis": "The code securely handles user authentication workflows, including email/username validation, token verification, and password management, utilizing Django and third-party allauth components. Validation and error handling are implemented to prevent common issues. No evidence of malicious code, backdoors, or data leakage mechanisms. Use of external password reset and token generation functions aligns with standard security practices. The logic for validation, decoding, and password updates follows recommended patterns without apparent vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of authentication serializers with standard security measures. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. It relies on trusted Django and allauth functionalities, and handles user credentials responsibly. Overall, it is safe with high confidence.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}