{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom exception classes for a Firebolt database client, including errors related to connection, authentication, database operations, and structured error handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads class definitions, __init__ methods, and string formatting for error messages. It also reads JSON data in FireboltStructuredError for error details.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data is directly used as a sink that could cause security issues. Error messages are constructed from internal data or passed parameters. No data is sent over the network or stored insecurely within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from JSON input in FireboltStructuredError to formatted error messages; error message construction is based on internal and external data, but no sensitive data is handled or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code behaviors such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code strictly defines error classes with no external system interactions.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily contains class definitions for various custom exceptions used in a database client library. These include error handling for connection issues, authentication, authorization, query execution, and structured error parsing. The structured error class formats messages from JSON data, but this is typical for error handling and does not involve untrusted code execution or data leaks. The use of string formatting for error messages from internal data sources appears safe. There are no indications of malicious behavior, code injection, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The overall design is standard for a client-side error handling module.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of error class definitions for a Firebolt database client, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It functions to facilitate structured error handling and messaging, with no evidence of sabotage, backdoors, or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}