{
  "purpose": "Defines a class for managing references to Firestore collections, allowing creation, listing, querying, streaming, and monitoring documents within a collection.",
  "sources": "Reads include method parameters for document data, IDs, retry and timeout settings, and optional explain options; internally, it accesses Firestore API methods such as list_documents and get.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or effects could occur if untrusted input is passed to methods like add(), list_documents(), get(), or stream(), but these are expected to be called with proper data. No explicit data sinks for untrusted data are present. Firestore API calls are standard SDK usage.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., document_data, document_id, retry, timeout) flows into API method calls like create() or list_documents(). Data retrieved from API responses is transformed into document references or snapshots. No suspicious data flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. Usage of standard Google Cloud Firestore SDK methods. No obfuscated code, code injection, or malicious behavior is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a standard Firestore collection reference class with methods for adding documents, listing documents, retrieving documents, streaming, and setting up real-time snapshots. It primarily interacts with Google Cloud Firestore SDK APIs, with parameters and return types consistent with official SDK usage. No hardcoded credentials, unusual data handling, or suspicious API calls are detected. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a Firestore collection wrapper, with no signs of malicious intent or security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured Firestore collection reference implementation with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It relies on the official SDK and handles data in expected ways without suspicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}