{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface definitions for the Nimble Studio service in boto3, facilitating type-safe API calls.",
  "sources": "Import statements, type annotations, method signatures, and property definitions within the NimbleStudioClient class, including the use of type hints, overloads, and class properties.",
  "sinks": "Method implementations (though none are explicitly implemented here), property accessors, and method signatures that could accept untrusted data if invoked with malicious parameters; however, actual data handling occurs outside this code.",
  "flows": "Function parameters (e.g., resource IDs, ARNs, tokens, configuration dicts) serve as sources; these flow into method calls that could, in a real scenario, execute further actions or API requests. Since actual implementations are absent, flow is only conceptual.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code primarily consists of method signatures, type annotations, and overloads for AWS client interface, with no execution logic or data handling code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured, well-documented interface with type hints for the Nimble Studio boto3 client. It includes class definitions, method signatures, property definitions, and overloads to facilitate static type checking. There are no dynamic executions, code injections, or obfuscated logic. The absence of method bodies indicates this is a type stub or interface definition. No malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or security issues are detected. The use of type annotations and overloads aligns with standard type hinting practices in Python. Overall, this is a safe, non-executable interface definition with no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive, well-structured set of type annotations and interface definitions for the Nimble Studio client. It contains no executable logic, no hidden or suspicious code, and no malicious behavior. Its purpose is solely to provide static type information to aid development and static analysis tools. The security risk is negligible, and there are no indicators of obfuscation or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.99,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}