{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive set of HTML helper functions for generating form elements, links, lists, images, head tags, and model-based form bindings, facilitating HTML content creation in web applications.",
  "sources": "Function parameters, record objects (attributes or keys), and external inputs passed into helper functions such as URLs, labels, options, and form data.",
  "sinks": "HTML tags and attributes generated via 'HTML.tag' and 'literal', which incorporate data into HTML content and attributes, relying on proper escaping functions to prevent injection.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function arguments (e.g., URL, label, value) into HTML tags and attributes through helper functions, with escape functions (like 'escape' and 'HTML.tag') sanitizing output before rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, malicious code patterns, or obfuscation detected. The code is straightforward, with no dynamic code execution or network activity. ID sanitization is handled via regex, which is safe.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of standard HTML helper functions that generate form elements, links, lists, images, and head tags. Data flows into HTML tags and attributes are managed through escape functions, which are assumed to be secure. No network, file, or system operations are present. The functions handle user input and data objects safely, provided external sanitization is performed if needed. No obfuscation or malicious patterns are detected. The overall structure is clear, and the code is designed for safe HTML content generation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured set of HTML helpers with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or obfuscation. It relies on external escape functions for security, which are presumed to be properly implemented. The overall security risk is minimal, primarily dependent on external sanitization of user input. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the risk score is 0.1, reflecting a very low but cautious estimate considering external data handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}