{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for workflow management and data retrieval within Airflow, especially for tasks related to Oozie workflows, such as reversing task maps, retrieving configuration, user info, last error node, and various task details.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'context' parameter (which contains workflow-specific data), environment variables, and session queries (database). It also references properties from imported modules and function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include returning data from context and session queries, which could be used in logging or further processing; however, no direct data sinks such as network or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from context or session into functions like 'conf', 'user', and 'last_error_node', which process and return data; no external data outputs or untrusted data propagation are evident. The code primarily manipulates internal data structures.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes placeholder functions such as 'app_path', 'group', 'callback', etc., which lack implementation and may suggest incomplete or unused code. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The license and copyright notice are standard.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises utility functions for managing workflow state and metadata, with no evident malicious behavior. It primarily accesses context and database to retrieve information. No network operations, obfuscated code, or malicious logic are present. The functions perform straightforward data lookups and transformations. The placeholder functions might indicate incomplete features but are not malicious. Overall, no indicators of malware or malicious intent are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be standard, legitimate utility functions for Airflow workflow management, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It reads and processes internal workflow data without any suspicious actions. The code's structure and content do not indicate any malicious sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}