{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of wrapper functions around macOS accessibility API calls, primarily for creating observers, managing notifications, and querying or setting attributes on accessibility elements. Its purpose is to facilitate interaction with accessibility objects with error handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments such as application IDs, elements, notifications, attributes, and callback functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the callback functions (via callbackFor), and the API calls that could process untrusted data if supplied externally, especially in callback contexts or attribute values.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external inputs (e.g., application IDs, elements, attributes, callbacks) into API functions, which then perform operations and error checks. Callbacks may invoke external code, and attribute values could be influenced by external data.",
  "anomalies": "Use of callbackFor to generate callbacks could be exploited if malicious callback code is supplied; otherwise, the code structure is straightforward. No obfuscation or hidden code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a direct wrapper around macOS accessibility API functions, with error handling via errors.check_ax_error. It manages data flow from input arguments to API calls, with error messages for various error codes. The callback mechanism is standard but could be misused if malicious callback code is provided externally. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, obfuscation, or backdoors are detected. The code's design is clear, and its purpose is to facilitate accessibility interactions with proper error management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured API wrapper for macOS accessibility functions. No signs of malware, obfuscation, or malicious intent are present. The minimal security risk stems from the callback mechanism, which is standard but could be exploited if malicious callbacks are supplied externally. Overall, the code is safe and appropriate for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}