{
  "purpose": "This code provides wrapper functions around macOS accessibility API calls to facilitate raising Python exceptions on errors.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function arguments such as 'application', 'element', 'notification', 'attribute', 'value', 'action', 'x', 'y', and 'timeoutInSeconds'. It also reads error codes from the underlying API calls.",
  "sinks": "Error handling functions call 'errors.check_ax_error', which may raise exceptions based on error codes; however, there are no direct data sinks like network, file, or clipboard operations present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function arguments through API calls, which return error codes and output data; error codes are checked and may trigger exceptions, while output data (e.g., attribute values, elements, PIDs) are returned to callers.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are evident. The code is a straightforward API wrapper with error checking. The error message dictionaries are standard and descriptive.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple wrapper functions that invoke macOS accessibility API calls, check for errors, and raise exceptions accordingly. The error handling mechanism is consistent and relies on predefined error messages. There are no signs of obfuscation, hidden behavior, or malicious logic. The functions do not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification beyond error checking. Overall, the code is a clean, standard API wrapper intended for error handling and exception raising, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign, well-structured wrapper for macOS accessibility API calls with proper error handling. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident. It does not contain obfuscation or malware. The likelihood of malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}