{
  "purpose": "The code defines a framework for conducting causal inference refutation tests, including bootstrap and normal distribution significance tests, and managing refutation results.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as 'estimate' and 'simulations', environment variables are not directly used, and data is processed internally within class methods.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write untrusted data to external systems or files, nor does it execute system commands or network requests.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters to statistical functions for significance testing. No external or untrusted data source flows into sensitive functions, and there are no external sinks like network or system calls.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, no obfuscated or suspicious code segments, and no unusual dynamic code execution. Usage of logging is standard, and random seed setting is appropriate. No backdoors or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of statistical tests for causal inference validation. It uses standard libraries such as numpy, scipy, and a local utility parse_state. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors, are present. All data processing and class interactions seem consistent with the purpose of statistical hypothesis testing. The use of random.seed is safe and expected for reproducibility. No signs of code injection, obfuscated code, or malicious behavior are observed.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of statistical significance testing for causal inference validation. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage mechanisms. The structure and content are consistent with its intended purpose, and no security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 1
}