{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes and functions for causal inference refutations, significance testing, and variable selection within causal analysis workflows.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from class attributes such as self._data, and parameters passed to functions like test_significance(). It also imports modules like numpy, scipy, and dowhy.utils.api.parse_state.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain obvious sinks for untrusted data; it primarily performs statistical calculations and logging. No data is directly written to external systems, files, or network connections.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into class attributes and functions like test_significance() and choose_variables(). The test functions process the data and output statistical significance results. Variable selection functions modify and return variable lists.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation are present. The code relies on standard libraries and handles errors with logging and exceptions. There are no unusual code patterns suggesting sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard statistical tests (bootstrap, normal distribution) for causal effect estimation validation. It includes utility functions for variable selection with proper validation. There are no signs of malicious data exfiltration, network activity, or harmful code. The use of numpy, scipy, and logging is consistent with typical data analysis scripts. No suspicious dynamic execution, obfuscation, or hidden backdoors are detected. The code adheres to standard practices for statistical testing and class design, and there are no external or hidden data flows beyond normal data handling and logging.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate implementation of causal inference refutation and significance testing functions. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It performs standard statistical analysis with proper error handling and logging. The security risk is minimal, and there is no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}