{
  "purpose": "The code defines an Airflow DAG that generates a DataFrame with random integers and performs statistical summaries on it, including min, max, mean, variance, median, and standard deviation. It orchestrates tasks with dummy operators for DAG flow control.",
  "sources": "Data is generated internally within the function AtIeFOTDckzsMgZKnNNKnEHoUBHEeXmV, which creates a DataFrame with random integers. No external input sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "There are no direct data sinks or outputs involving external systems, network connections, or sensitive data exfiltration. The code only prints statistical summaries.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the DataFrame created in AtIeFOTDckzsMgZKnNNKnEHoUBHEeXmV to subsequent functions performing statistical calculations, with no external data or untrusted inputs involved.",
  "anomalies": "The variable and function names are highly obfuscated, making the code difficult to interpret. The code contains no comments or documentation. No external input sources, network operations, or credential handling are present. The code uses random number generation without seed control, but this alone is not suspicious. The obfuscated names and lack of clear purpose are typical of hiding intent but are not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard data processing pipeline using Pandas and NumPy within an Airflow DAG. It generates a DataFrame with random data, computes basic statistics, and logs the results. There are no signs of external input manipulation, data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious code segments. The obfuscated variable names seem designed to conceal the code's purpose, but there is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. The code appears to serve a data processing or demonstration purpose without security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The script is an obfuscated data processing DAG that generates random data and computes simple statistics. No malicious behavior, security risks, or suspicious activity are evident. The obfuscation appears to be for concealment rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}