{
  "purpose": "Helper functions to create map operation dictionaries for Aerospike client operations, supporting nested CDT contexts and various map manipulations.",
  "sources": "Import statements for aerospike, sys, and typing; use of function parameters for input data; no external or untrusted input sources explicitly present.",
  "sinks": "Return of operation dictionaries that are used in Aerospike client method calls (operate and operate_ordered). No direct data sinks involving network or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to construct operation dictionaries, which are then returned for execution. No untrusted data is processed in a manner that leads to system calls, network actions, or code execution within this code.",
  "anomalies": "The code consists solely of well-structured helper functions for creating dictionaries representing database operations. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious patterns are found. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or misleading variable usage.",
  "analysis": "The code is purely functional, providing structured helper functions for creating operation commands for an Aerospike client. It uses standard Python data structures and follows typical coding practices. There are no indications of malicious payloads, backdoors, or exploits. No external inputs are directly processed in a way that could lead to injection or code execution. The code does not perform any network operations, file manipulation, or system commands. It is a legitimate utility module for database operation creation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign helper module for constructing database operation dictionaries. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks. Its purpose is to facilitate safe and structured creation of map operations for Aerospike, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}