{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to interleave and concatenate datasets, supporting both map-style and iterable datasets, with options for probabilistic sampling and dataset info management.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as 'datasets', 'probabilities', 'info', and 'split'. It also imports modules and classes related to datasets.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any obvious sinks that process untrusted data into harmful actions. No network connections, file modifications, or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "The source data flows through validation checks into functions that delegate to internal dataset handling functions (_interleave_map_style_datasets, _interleave_iterable_datasets, _concatenate_map_style_datasets, _concatenate_iterable_datasets). No external or malicious data flow is observed.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or unusual behavior are detected. The code performs standard data validation and method delegation.",
  "analysis": "The code validates input lists for emptiness and correct types, raising errors if inputs are invalid. It distinguishes between map-style and iterable datasets based on the first element. The functions delegate to internal dataset functions for the actual processing. There are no dynamic code execution, network operations, or system modifications. The imports are standard, and there is no use of eval or exec. The logging setup is straightforward. Overall, the code adheres to normal dataset handling procedures without suspicious or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard dataset utility module providing interleaving and concatenation functionalities with proper input validation. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. There are no signs of supply chain attack, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}