{
  "purpose": "Provides functions to interleave and concatenate datasets, handling both map-style and iterable datasets, with validation of input datasets and options for probabilistic sampling and split management.",
  "sources": "Imports modules and functions, particularly datasets, utils, and logging; reads dataset objects, parameters, and configuration options.",
  "sinks": "No sinks identified; no untrusted data is written to external systems, files, or network connections.",
  "flows": "User calls functions with datasets and parameters -> input validation and type checking -> internal function calls to dataset-specific implementations based on dataset type.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior detected. The code performs standard dataset validation, type checks, and function dispatch. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two main functions: interleave_datasets and concatenate_datasets. Both functions perform input validation, checking for non-empty lists, correct types, and matching dataset types (Dataset vs IterableDataset). They include detailed error handling with descriptive messages. The functions then delegate to internal implementation functions (_interleave_map_style_datasets, _interleave_iterable_datasets, _concatenate_map_style_datasets, _concatenate_iterable_datasets) based on dataset type. No data leakage, code injection, or external network communication is present. There is no indication of malicious logic such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured dataset utility module focused on dataset manipulation. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious code, and no malware indicators. The implementation relies on external dataset functions, which are assumed to be safe. Overall, the code is secure with respect to supply chain attacks or malicious code, given the provided content.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}