{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for wrapping, filling, dedenting, and indenting text, mainly for formatting purposes in text processing tasks.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as 'text' and 'textchunks', especially in methods like '_split', '_wrap_chunks', 'wrap', 'fill', 'dedent', and 'indent'. No external data sources or untrusted input streams are explicitly used.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present that process untrusted data directly into system or network actions. The code outputs formatted text strings but does not interact with external systems, files, or network services.",
  "flows": "Input strings are processed through various functions that manipulate whitespace, split into chunks, and reassemble lines. No external data flows into system or network actions; data is confined within string manipulation functions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are detected. The code appears standard for text formatting with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. The regex patterns for splitting text are complex but consistent with normal text processing. No obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of text formatting utilities similar to Python's 'textwrap' module, with modifications for compatibility. It includes functions for wrapping, filling, dedenting, and indenting text, along with internal helper methods for whitespace normalization and line splitting. No external input sources, network operations, or system modifications are present. The only potential concern might be the complex regex for text splitting, but it is normal for handling Unicode punctuation and hyphenation. Overall, the code appears safe and purpose-driven without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility module for text formatting, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It processes text locally without interacting with external systems or performing harmful actions. Its complexity is consistent with normal text processing tasks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}