{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and resources for managing a MetastoreProvider in Pulumi, specifically for Databricks, including resource argument classes, state classes, and the custom resource implementation.",
  "sources": "Reads data from input parameters such as 'authentication_type', 'recipient_profile_str', 'comment', and 'name'. Also reads environment variables and resource options during resource instantiation.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include resource properties like 'authentication_type', 'comment', 'name', and 'recipient_profile_str'. No direct untrusted data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into resource property assignments, and from resource properties to outputs. There is no indication of data being sent over the network or to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The only notable aspect is the handling of 'recipient_profile_str' as a secret (via 'secret_opts'), but this is standard for sensitive data. The code contains a warning comment about being auto-generated by Pulumi's tool, which is typical. No suspicious code or hidden behavior is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up classes for resource arguments, state management, and resource creation. It includes input validation and secret handling for sensitive properties. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors such as network exfiltration, system damage, or stealthy code are present. The auto-generated nature and standard resource management patterns suggest this is boilerplate code for resource management, not malicious. There are no signs of obfuscated code or malicious payloads. The overall design appears secure, with proper handling of secrets.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Pulumi resource implementation for managing a Databricks MetastoreProvider. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. It adheres to expected patterns for resource management, secret handling, and input validation. Therefore, it appears safe with a low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}