{
  "purpose": "This code defines Pulumi resource classes and argument structures for managing a MetastoreProvider in a Databricks environment, facilitating infrastructure as code operations related to data sharing providers.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters from function arguments, class initializers, and property getters. It also reads environment and configuration data indirectly via Pulumi's get methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting resource properties and secret outputs, which could inadvertently store or expose sensitive data if misused. The code also constructs JSON strings for recipient profiles, which may contain sensitive tokens.",
  "flows": "Input data (authentication_type, recipient_profile_str, etc.) flows into resource property initialization. Sensitive data like bearer tokens are wrapped as secrets and stored in resource outputs. JSON profile data flows from inputs into resource properties.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are present. The code comments clearly state generated code warnings and avoid obfuscation. Use of 'pulumi.Output.secret' for secret data is appropriate. No unusual or malicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical Pulumi resource definition for managing Databricks MetastoreProviders. It employs standard patterns for resource arguments, getters, setters, and resource initialization. Sensitive data, such as bearer tokens, are handled as secrets, adhering to security best practices. No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious behaviors are present. The inclusion of generated code warnings indicates awareness of maintainability and safety. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate infrastructure management script with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Pulumi resource class for managing a Databricks MetastoreProvider, with proper handling of sensitive data and no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears safe and correctly structured for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}