{
  "purpose": "The code provides an entry point to run a WSGI server using CherryPy's WSGI server, supporting HTTP and HTTPS protocols.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include configuration parameters like host, port, ssl_pem, protocol_version, and other server settings passed as function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the server start and stop functions, setting SSL certificates, and printing server status messages.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters (host, port, ssl_pem, etc.) through server configuration steps to server.start() and server.stop(), with some configuration output printed to the console.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials or malicious code are evident. The SSL handling is straightforward, with optional SSL configuration. The print statements serve standard informational purposes. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or unusual behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes and configures a CherryPy WSGI server with optional SSL support. It takes parameters for network configuration and SSL certificates, setting up the server accordingly. The SSL setup does not embed any secrets within the code itself; instead, it uses provided PEM files. There is no indication of malicious data flow, data leakage, or unauthorized actions. The code includes standard server setup, SSL configuration, and status messages. No suspicious behavior, backdoors, or malware-like activities are present. The only potential concern could be if the SSL PEM files are provided from untrusted sources, but this is outside the scope of this code's logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard server setup script with configurable options. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected. It correctly handles optional SSL setup and server configuration, serving as a legitimate entry point for a CherryPy-based WSGI server.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}