{
  "purpose": "This code defines various custom exception classes for handling AMQP protocol errors, connection issues, and delivery errors in a messaging system.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from exception instantiation and attributes, such as message arguments and frame objects.",
  "sinks": "Exception messages and attributes could potentially be used in logs or error reports, but there are no direct data sinks that perform malicious actions.",
  "flows": "Exception objects are instantiated with potentially untrusted input (like message objects and frames), then formatted into strings for representation or logging.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard exception handling with formatted messages. There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns. The only minor concern is the use of message attributes in exception messages, which could leak sensitive info if message contents are untrusted, but this is typical in error reporting. No obfuscated code or unsafe dynamic execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a hierarchy of exception classes for AMQP protocol errors, connection issues, channel errors, and delivery problems. It includes custom __repr__ methods for informative string representations. The constructors accept message and frame objects, which could contain untrusted data. However, the code simply formats and stores these attributes without executing or evaluating their content. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of error classes with safe formatting practices.",
  "conclusion": "This source code serves as a structured error handling module for an AMQP client library. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain threats. The code is standard, with no suspicious patterns, hardcoded secrets, or malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}