{
  "purpose": "The code provides decorators and utility functions to facilitate parameterized and step-dependent testing workflows in pytest, including managing shared state and dependencies between test steps.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function signatures, decorator arguments, and pytest request objects. It also reads the test function's parameters and module environment.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if request objects or parameters contain sensitive data, though none are explicitly used in a malicious manner. No external network or system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data (from function parameters, decorators, and pytest request objects) flows through decorator functions to control test execution and dependency management. Data from test function signatures and request objects influence execution logic.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically creates fixtures and wraps test functions, but no unusual or suspicious code patterns such as obfuscation or hidden code are present. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic detected. Usage of caching with @lru_cache is standard for performance. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution appears malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is designed to enhance pytest with step management, dependencies, and parameterization. It uses standard Python features like decorators, function signatures, and caching. No external network activity, no system modifications, and no malicious payloads are present. The dynamic fixture creation is for test state sharing, not malicious. No evidence of code injection, data exfiltration, or reverse shell activities. The logic focuses on orchestrating test steps and dependencies with proper checks, which is typical for test frameworks.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate pytest utility for managing complex test workflows. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms. No indicators of malware or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}