{
  "purpose": "The code provides plotting functions for visualizing 3D trajectories projected onto 2D space, including line plots, colored trajectories, and scatter plots, with utility functions for adjusting axes and scaling.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are the 'points' parameter in plotting functions, which are lists or arrays of 3-tuples representing points in 3D space. Data can also originate from imported helper functions, such as 'project_sequence' from '.helpers'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include matplotlib plotting calls such as 'ax.plot', 'ax.scatter', and collection additions like 'ax.add_collection', which could process untrusted data if 'points' are externally supplied. The 'colorbar_hack' function, imported from '.colormapping', may also serve as a sink depending on its implementation, but is not inherently malicious.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'points' through 'project_sequence' to plotting functions: 'ax.plot', 'ax.scatter', and 'LineCollection'. The 'permutation' parameter influences the projection but does not introduce external untrusted data. 'colorbar_hack' could also be a flow if it processes external data. There is no indication of data being sent over networks or to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or obfuscated logic are present. The code appears to be straightforward plotting utility functions. Helper functions like 'get_cmap' and 'colorbar_hack' are imported but not shown; their behavior is unknown, but no suspicious activity can be inferred without their implementation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple plotting utilities using matplotlib, handling input points and optional parameters for coloring, colormap, and axes adjustments. The functions validate the presence of axes, create new plots if needed, and use helper functions for projection and colormap retrieval. The plotting logic is standard, with no evidence of malicious code or unusual behavior. External dependencies are limited to well-known matplotlib functions and imported helpers, which are assumed safe. The code does not contain network activity, file I/O, or dynamic code execution. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious logic are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate visualization utilities for plotting trajectories in a projected 2D space. There is no evidence of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. The security risk is minimal, and no malicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}