{
  "purpose": "The code provides various plotting functions for visualizing sequences of 3D points projected onto 2D axes, including scatter plots, curves, and color-mapped trajectories, mainly for data visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'points' parameter (list of 3-tuples), environment variables (indirectly through imported libraries), and user-supplied kwargs. It also imports helper functions from other modules.",
  "sinks": "The code sends plotting commands to matplotlib's Axes methods (e.g., plot, scatter, add_collection) which handle rendering. The only external data output is optional display of colorbars. No data is sent over the network or stored.",
  "flows": "Input data (points) is projected via 'project_sequence' and then passed to matplotlib plotting functions. Color mapping or line segments are created and added to the axes. No external sinks or data leaks are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard matplotlib functions without obfuscation. No dynamic code execution, network operations, or data exfiltration observed. The helper functions imported are not provided, but their usage appears benign.",
  "analysis": "The code defines visualization functions that process a list of 3D points, project them onto 2D space, and plot them using matplotlib. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data theft, or backdoors. The only potential concern is reliance on external helper modules, but their names and typical usage suggest benign behavior. The functions include optional features like colorbars and colormaps, but do not perform any dangerous operations. No suspicious patterns or malicious code snippets are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign visualization utility with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It solely performs plotting and visualization tasks with standard libraries. No malware or malicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}