{
  "purpose": "The code performs complex graph analysis, extracting nodes, relationships, and sequences, likely for pattern detection or path counting within a graph structure.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'graph' dictionary, specifically from its keys and nested values representing nodes and edges.",
  "sinks": "There are no external sinks such as network calls, file operations, or system commands; data is processed internally without external effects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'graph' input through nested loops, extracting nodes and sequences, then through conditional checks and list appends within internal data structures, without external data leaks or system interactions.",
  "anomalies": "Variable names are heavily obfuscated, which may hinder readability but do not indicate malicious activity. No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or external data exfiltration are present.",
  "analysis": "The code analyzes a graph structure, extracting start and end nodes, and sequences within paths. It builds adjacency relations and counts unique sequences between nodes. No external system calls, network activity, or data leaks are detected. Obfuscation is present but appears to serve concealment rather than malicious intent. The logic is consistent with a graph utility for path analysis. No malicious patterns, such as code injection, data theft, or backdoors, are evident. The obfuscation score is high due to variable naming, but this does not imply malicious behavior. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is identified. The security risk score is low (~0.2), reflecting the benign nature of the code and the obfuscation hindering readability but not indicating danger.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, albeit obfuscated, graph analysis utility with no signs of malicious intent or security vulnerabilities. The assigned scores are appropriate and consistent with the analysis. No modifications are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}