{
  "purpose": "This code provides an SDK interface for accessing AWS regional information, including static data about endpoints, facts, and region-specific attributes, primarily via class methods and properties. It facilitates region-specific configurations in AWS CDK applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from class properties and static method calls such as jsii.sget and jsii.sinvoke, which access predefined, static data within the SDK. No external or untrusted input sources are involved.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that handle untrusted data or external inputs. The code does not perform network communication, file I/O, or dynamic code execution.",
  "flows": "Data flows from static class properties and method invocations to the returned values. There are no source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted data; all data is internally defined and retrieved via static calls.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code are present. The code contains deprecated methods, but these are well-documented and do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a static SDK component that provides region-specific data for AWS services. It uses jsii to invoke static data retrieval methods, with no external data ingestion or dynamic execution. No signs of obfuscation, malicious payloads, or sabotage are detected. The code structure is straightforward, with properties and class methods accessing predefined data. The deprecation notices are standard and do not suggest malicious activity. The overall behavior is read-only, configuration data access, typical of SDK libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured SDK component for AWS regional data management. It does not contain malicious behavior, obfuscation, or sabotage signals. The low malware and obfuscation scores are appropriate, and the minimal security risk score reflects its static, read-only nature.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}