{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and data structures for interacting with Databricks Jobs via Pulumi, enabling retrieval and management of job IDs and related information.",
  "sources": "Code reads input parameters 'ids' and 'job_name_contains' for filtering jobs. It also retrieves data through 'pulumi.runtime.invoke' and 'pulumi.runtime.invoke_output' functions, which access external APIs.",
  "sinks": "Potentially, if untrusted data is passed into 'ids' or 'job_name_contains', it could influence API requests or data handling, but the code itself does not perform dangerous actions with these inputs.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into 'pulumi.runtime.invoke' and 'pulumi.runtime.invoke_output' calls; outputs are processed via 'pulumi.get' and 'apply' methods, returning structured results.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious dynamic code execution. The code contains a generated warning comment. No obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious constructs are visible. Usage of 'pulumi.runtime.invoke' appears standard for Pulumi SDK.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical generated Pulumi resource module for managing Databricks Jobs. It uses standard SDK functions to fetch and manipulate data. The parameters 'ids' and 'job_name_contains' are used for filtering but are passed directly into API calls without modification. No signs of malicious behavior such as code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The warning at the top indicates it is generated code, not handcrafted malicious code. No obfuscated or malicious patterns are evident. The functions are designed for legitimate resource management tasks.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate generated module for interacting with Databricks Jobs via Pulumi. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It is standard SDK code used for resource management, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}