{
  "purpose": "Defines classes for constructing command sequences with customizable commands, likely used in an automation or orchestration context.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for methods such as 'function', 'type', 'name', 'command', 'timeout', 'variant', 'vars', 'param', and 'params'.",
  "sinks": "Assignment of input data to internal class variables, especially '_function_name', '_execution_type', '_display_name', '_command_name', '_timeout', '_variants', '_vars', and '_params'.",
  "flows": "Input data from method parameters flows into class attributes, which are later converted to maps or lists; no external or untrusted data sources observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code detected. The code performs standard validation checks on input types. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution found.",
  "analysis": "The classes 'CommandDefinition' and 'CommandSequence' facilitate the structured creation of command objects and sequences with validation on input types. The methods are straightforward setters and appenders, with no external data fetching or command execution. No signs of code injection, network communication, or data exfiltration. The code relies solely on parameter validation and object attribute setting, which appear benign. The imported 'shrub.base' is external but not inherently suspicious; it is used for mapping key constants. There are no indications of hidden backdoors, malicious behaviors, or malicious data flow. Overall, the code appears to be standard application logic for command orchestration without any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code defines a structured framework for creating command sequences, with standard input validation and data handling. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. It appears to be a legitimate utility for command management, with no signs of malware or security issues.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}