{
  "purpose": "The code collects comprehensive system information, including hardware specs, network interfaces, external IP, GPU details, WiFi info, and system uptime, then transmits this data repeatedly over socket.io for monitoring purposes.",
  "sources": "Requests to external IP API, system info via standard libraries (psutil, platform, socket), GPU info via GPUtil, WiFi info via wifi module, and network interface data via psutil.",
  "sinks": "Emission of JSON-serialized system info over socket.io to connected clients.",
  "flows": "Data collection from system APIs and external sources -> serialization into JSON -> emission via socket.io in an infinite loop.",
  "anomalies": "Use of a hardcoded external IP API endpoint; continuous infinite loop without exit condition; no data validation or encryption; no obfuscation; potential privacy implications due to persistent data transmission.",
  "analysis": "The script functions as a system monitoring tool, gathering hardware, network, GPU, WiFi, and uptime data, then transmitting it repeatedly. It uses standard libraries and publicly available modules, with no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or covert exfiltration. The external IP is fetched via a third-party API, which is common but introduces privacy considerations. The infinite loop ensures continuous updates but could lead to resource consumption. No obfuscation or malicious behavior is detected. The data flow is straightforward, and the code's purpose appears legitimate. The external API endpoint's legitimacy is not verified but is likely benign. Overall, the code does not perform any malicious actions, and its behavior aligns with typical system monitoring tools.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign system monitoring script that collects and transmits system data continuously. It does not contain malicious behavior or payloads. The primary concerns relate to privacy and resource usage, not security. The assigned malware score of 0, obfuscation score of 0, and a low security risk score (~0.2) are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}