{
  "purpose": "Standard setup script for a Python package, defining metadata and entry points.",
  "sources": "The 'setup()' function parameters, especially the obfuscated variable names and hardcoded string 'cgpeyuwykf8ns7u9'. The unused 'read' function is also a source.",
  "sinks": "Potential use of hardcoded secrets as parameters; no direct sinks like network or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Obfuscated variable assignments feed into 'setup()' parameters; the hardcoded secret is embedded directly into the setup configuration.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable names, nonsensical parameter keys, unused 'read' function, and a hardcoded string that appears to be a secret or token. The 'setup()' call syntax appears malformed in some reports, indicating obfuscation or corruption.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical setup script with obfuscated variable names and a hardcoded secret string. The 'read' function is defined but unused, possibly dead code or obfuscation. The parameters passed to 'setup()' include nonsensical keys and values, which could be an attempt to hide malicious intent or simply obfuscation. No evidence of malicious activity such as network calls, data exfiltration, or code injection is present. The suspicious elements are primarily obfuscation and embedded secrets, which pose security concerns but do not confirm malicious behavior. Syntax anomalies in some reports suggest obfuscation or malformed code, increasing suspicion but not definitively indicating malware. Overall, the code warrants cautious review but does not provide conclusive evidence of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains obfuscated variable names and hardcoded secrets, raising security concerns. However, there is no direct evidence of malicious activity such as network communication or system compromise. The suspicion is primarily due to obfuscation and embedded secrets, which could be exploited if extracted. The overall malware likelihood is low, but the obfuscation and secrets justify a moderate security alert. Further analysis, such as deobfuscation or dynamic testing, is recommended before deployment.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}