{
  "purpose": "Analyze the provided Python code for potential malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks, focusing on obfuscation, import patterns, and code structure.",
  "sources": "The import statement 'import customers.signals' inside the method 'nOeOWyGpVqWCgRbwayHfQSyqjUeDTrRl'. The class and method names are obfuscated, and class variables set Django configurations.",
  "sinks": "The import of 'customers.signals' could execute code during import, especially if 'signals.py' contains executable code at import time.",
  "flows": "The method 'nOeOWyGpVqWCgRbwayHfQSyqjUeDTrRl' calls the import, which executes 'signals.py' upon method invocation, potentially executing signal registration code.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated class and method names; import located inside a method rather than at module level; no explicit malicious code present; no hardcoded secrets or network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code exhibits obfuscation through nonsensical class and method names, which can be a red flag but is not conclusive evidence of malicious intent. The import of 'customers.signals' inside a method is unusual in Django applications, where signals are typically registered at module load time. This pattern can be used to delay or conditionally execute code, which warrants caution. No malicious payloads, network activity, or secrets are present in the snippet. The import could execute code from 'signals.py', which might contain signal handlers or potentially malicious code, but this cannot be confirmed without inspecting that module. The low malware scores assigned in reports (0.0 to 0.2) are appropriate given the absence of explicit malicious code. The moderate security risk scores (around 0.2 to 0.4) reflect suspicion due to obfuscation and import placement but are justified. Overall, the code appears benign but suspicious due to obfuscation and unconventional import placement, warranting further review of 'signals.py'.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not demonstrate malicious behavior directly but employs obfuscation and delayed import patterns that could conceal malicious code. The current scores are appropriate; malware likelihood is low, obfuscation is high, and security risk is moderate. Further inspection of 'signals.py' is recommended to confirm benign intent.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}