{
  "purpose": "This code defines data structures and functions for retrieving and managing information about SQL warehouses in Databricks using Pulumi, a cloud infrastructure as code tool.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for resource identification and configuration, such as 'id', 'name', 'cluster_size', and various configuration dictionaries and environment variables via function parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs retrieved data, but does not write to external sources or files directly. It invokes Pulumi runtime functions to fetch resource information.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sources) flow into the get_sql_warehouse functions which invoke Pulumi's runtime to retrieve data, then flow into returned objects (GetSqlWarehouseResult). No untrusted data flows directly to sensitive sinks or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code is generated and highly structured, with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. No unusual code patterns or signs of malicious behavior are present. No network connections, system modifications, or data leaks are evident. It relies on Pulumi's runtime to manage secrets and credentials securely.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of class definitions and functions for data retrieval from Databricks resources. It uses type checks and Pulumi's invoke mechanisms, which are standard for Pulumi provider modules. No suspicious or malicious code patterns such as dynamic code execution, system modification, or data exfiltration are present. The code is clearly generated and adheres to standard SDK practices, with no signs of obfuscation or malware. The purpose is to manage cloud resources securely and transparently.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate, generated SDK module for managing Databricks SQL warehouses via Pulumi. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks. It follows best practices for resource management and data handling, with no evidence of sabotage, backdoors, or malicious payloads.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}