{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for managing AWS CloudFormation stacks, including creating, updating, describing, and deleting stacks, with support for pagination and handling specific stack states.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, environment variables (indirectly via AWS SDK, not explicitly shown), and AWS responses such as describe_stacks, describe_stack_events, and describe_change_set.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include logging output and AWS SDK calls that perform stack modifications, but no direct data leaks or unsafe executions are evident. No network connections, command executions, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from AWS API responses into the code where it influences logic (e.g., stack states) and logs; responses inform decisions like whether to delete or update stacks, with no malicious data manipulation detected.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, such as hardcoded credentials or backdoors, is present. The code is mostly standard AWS SDK usage. There are no signs of obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or unusual variable usage. The only minor concern is the concatenation and use of timestamps in change set names, which is benign.",
  "analysis": "The script provides utility functions for managing CloudFormation stacks, handling creation, updates with change sets, deletion, and pagination. It uses AWS SDK methods with proper error handling, waits for operations to complete, and logs events. No hardcoded secrets, malicious payloads, or external network communications are detected. The code structure appears straightforward and consistent with AWS SDK best practices. The use of time-based change set names is common for ensuring uniqueness. There are no indications of malicious or sabotage intent in the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility module for AWS CloudFormation stack management without malicious intent or security risks. It performs standard operations with appropriate error handling and logging. No malicious behavior or security threats are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}