{
  "purpose": "The code provides an asynchronous handler for diagnosing query performance issues by executing multiple SQL scripts and aggregating their results.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (query_id, compare_historical), context methods (ctx.info, ctx.debug, ctx.error, ctx.report_progress), and SQL scripts loaded via load_sql.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage could occur if untrusted input affects SQL execution; however, the code appears to only use controlled parameters. No direct sinks for data exfiltration or system commands are evident.",
  "flows": "The flow involves reading parameters, loading SQL scripts, executing scripts asynchronously, handling exceptions, and returning raw results. Data flows from input parameters and script files through execution functions to the return value.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, suspicious dynamic code execution, or backdoors are present. Usage of standard exception handling and logging is observed. The script loading is static, and parameters are explicitly defined.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured async handler that loads and executes predefined SQL scripts with parameters, handles exceptions properly, and returns raw results. No suspicious or malicious code patterns such as code injection, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are evident. Logging and error reporting are standard. The use of asyncio for parallel execution is appropriate. No hardcoded secrets or external network activity is observed. The overall design appears legitimate for a query diagnosis utility.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a legitimate function of diagnosing query performance with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It uses safe practices, with no hardcoded secrets, malicious code, or backdoors detected. The potential for misuse is minimal given the controlled script loading and parameter usage.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}