{
  "purpose": "The code provides an asynchronous handler function for diagnosing query performance issues in a database system, by executing multiple predefined SQL scripts and aggregating their results.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from SQL script files via load_sql, input parameters for scripts such as 'query_id' and 'historical_limit', and from the context object (ctx) for logging and reporting progress.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could originate from the results of execute_sql (which fetches database query results) and from parameters like query_id. These are processed internally; however, the results are returned as part of the output without sanitization, though they are just data outputs, not code execution points.",
  "flows": "Source: load_sql and execute_sql fetch data; ctx logs and reports progress; the data flows from database queries back into the raw_results_dict; then, if errors occur, exceptions are raised. The results are returned to the caller after completion.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward with standard async execution, SQL loading, and error handling. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or unusual language features are present. Hardcoded SQL script paths are used but are typical for such applications.",
  "analysis": "The script loads multiple SQL files and executes them asynchronously, handling errors explicitly. It uses standard error handling, logging, and progress reporting. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as code injection, backdoors, data exfiltration, or hidden network activities. The use of external SQL scripts is normal for query diagnostics. All data flows are contained within expected database and logging operations. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated elements are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate performance diagnostic handler with standard data access and error handling. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}