{
  "purpose": "This code implements an asynchronous handler for diagnosing query performance by executing multiple SQL scripts to gather performance metrics and related data for a specific query ID.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments (ctx, query_id, compare_historical), configuration functions (get_data_api_config), and loads SQL scripts from external files via load_sql.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include execute_sql (which runs SQL queries that could be manipulated if SQL or parameters are malicious), and logging functions that output debug/error messages. No external data is written to files or network in a malicious manner.",
  "flows": "Input from arguments flows into load_sql and execute_sql calls, which generate queries executed on a database. Results are collected into raw_results_dict. Errors and exceptions are propagated or logged. The flow terminates with returning raw_results_dict.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks detected. Usage of standard libraries and functions appears typical. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The only dynamic aspect is loading and executing SQL scripts based on filenames, which could be manipulated if the load_sql function is insecure, but this is a standard pattern.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily orchestrates loading SQL scripts and executing them asynchronously, with robust error handling and logging. It does not execute or generate any untrusted or external code, nor does it perform network communication or system modifications. The only potential concern relates to load_sql and execute_sql, which depend on external files and configuration, but these are standard practices in SQL execution workflows. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration are present. The code's design appears consistent with standard query diagnostic procedures.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a straightforward, well-structured implementation of a performance diagnostic handler for database queries. It does not contain malicious behavior or suspicious anomalies based on the provided code. The security risk is minimal, assuming load_sql and execute_sql are secure and properly implemented.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}