{
  "purpose": "The code defines a SamplingContext class used for managing sampling strategies, variables, and prompt generation in a prompt augmentation framework, likely for AI or prompt engineering workflows.",
  "sources": "Inputs are primarily from prompt strings, Command objects, and environment variables (via imported modules); data reading occurs in methods like process_variable_assignments and sample_prompts.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include generator_from_command (which yields results), LiteralCommand (which creates new command objects with string data), and the warnings.warn call (which logs warnings).",
  "flows": "Input prompts (string or Command) are parsed into Command objects, then passed through sampling methods to generate prompt results; variable assignments can influence subsequent command processing; data flows from inputs to generator outputs, with variable state influencing command evaluation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are evident. Usage of dynamic imports in _build_default_samplers() is typical and safe. The code employs warnings.warn for context management but no malicious intent. No obfuscated code patterns or suspicious functions are present. The sample generator functions could potentially process untrusted data, but there is no evidence of malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured and appears to implement prompt sampling logic with variable handling, sampler selection, and prompt generation. No signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, system manipulation, or data exfiltration are present. The use of warnings and dynamic imports is benign in this context. The variable assignment handling appears safe, with no embedded malicious code. The code’s overall purpose aligns with prompt generation and variable management, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate part of a prompt generation framework, with no evidence of malware, malicious backdoors, or security risks. It mainly manages prompt sampling, variable handling, and context switching securely. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}