{
  "purpose": "This code is a test suite for the SPARQLWrapper Python library, used to query RDF data stores via SPARQL endpoints. It includes various test cases to verify correct handling of different query types, formats, and HTTP methods.",
  "sources": "Reads data from hardcoded SPARQL queries, endpoint URL, and configuration variables. Also reads environment variables indirectly through imported modules and the system environment (e.g., for network requests).",
  "sinks": "Sends HTTP requests to a remote SPARQL endpoint, potentially with query data. Receives responses which are processed into different formats. No untrusted data is written to files, executed, or stored locally.",
  "flows": "Query strings and configurations are set via methods; these are sent over network requests to the specified endpoint. Responses are processed and validated within test cases.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets; the endpoint URL appears to be a public service. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution. Tests use standard HTTP methods and formats. Some tests are skipped due to unsupported features, but no malicious behavior is evident. No backdoors or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily functions as a test suite for the SPARQLWrapper library, testing various query types and response formats against a public endpoint. It employs standard Python libraries, does not execute arbitrary code from untrusted sources, nor does it perform any file manipulation or system modifications. The network interactions are standard for testing library functionality. No signs of malware, data theft, backdoors, or sabotage are present. The code is structured, uses clear variable names, and adheres to typical testing patterns. No obfuscated code or malicious behaviors are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for a library interacting with a public SPARQL endpoint. It performs network requests and verifies responses in different formats. There are no indications of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware within this code fragment. The code appears safe and aligned with its purpose as a testing utility.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}