{
  "purpose": "This code is a set of unit tests for a Python module interacting with a SPARQL endpoint, verifying correct behavior and response formats for various query types and configurations.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data such as the endpoint URL, query strings, and import statements. It also reads external modules and test inputs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests made via the SPARQLWrapper.query() method, which sends queries to an external SPARQL endpoint; it processes responses which may contain untrusted data. However, the code itself does not handle untrusted input directly, nor does it write to files or execute system commands.",
  "flows": "Queries are constructed as strings and sent via HTTP requests to the endpoint. Responses are processed based on their content-type. There are no indications of data being injected into commands or files, nor of untrusted data being executed or stored locally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No suspicious or backdoor code is present. The code performs standard testing routines. Some tests are skipped due to known issues with specific formats, but these are not malicious. The code uses standard libraries and practices. No obfuscation or suspicious language features observed.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily functions as a comprehensive test suite for a SPARQL interaction library, verifying correct request handling, response content types, and error handling. It uses well-known libraries (inspect, os, sys, unittest, warnings, rdflib, SPARQLWrapper). No code injection, backdoors, or malicious behavior is evident. All network interactions are limited to testing against a public endpoint; no malicious payloads or data leaks are present. The use of try-except blocks manages HTTP errors gracefully. The skipped tests indicate known limitations, not malicious intent. Overall, the code appears safe, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate test suite for a Python SPARQL client library, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It performs standard testing procedures and handles external responses securely. No malicious or sabotage-related behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}