{
  "purpose": "The code appears to process input data by stripping certain characters, encoding data into base64, and generating data URIs, specifically for SVG images.",
  "sources": "The functions read input data from function parameters, including 'txt' and 'mGCCkFmIOSlHosqtVOeshcOUHKHrYIyR'.",
  "sinks": "The code encodes data into base64 and constructs data URIs, which could potentially be used to embed malicious content or obfuscate payloads.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through character stripping, then base64 encoding, and finally into a data URI; in the third function, data is processed but not encoded.",
  "anomalies": "The variable names are obfuscated and non-descriptive, suggesting an attempt to hide purpose. The first function constructs a data URI with an undefined 'mime' variable, indicating incomplete or intentionally obscured code. There are undefined variables (e.g., 'b64' is used but not imported or defined). The third function's docstring mentions escaping characters for SVGs but contains references to 'JXMNtGTFJiRabquSnCXyenDjnQOYzGFy' which appears nonsensical. No explicit malicious code such as network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors is evident, but obfuscation and incomplete code raise suspicion.",
  "analysis": "The code contains functions that manipulate input strings by stripping certain characters using regex, then encoding data into base64 format and constructing data URIs. The obfuscated variable names and incomplete code (missing 'b64' definition, undefined 'mime') suggest an attempt to hide the true intent. The base64 encoding process and data URI construction could be exploited to embed malicious payloads or obfuscate malicious code. No active network connections, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications are explicitly present, but the obfuscation and lack of clarity increase suspicion. The third function's description discusses escaping characters for SVG, which is common in SVG injection attacks, but there is no direct evidence of malicious activity within this fragment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is obfuscated with nonsensical variable names and incomplete implementation details, which suggests an attempt to hide malicious intent. It processes data and constructs data URIs, potentially for embedding or obfuscating content, but lacks explicit malicious actions. The suspicious elements include undefined variables and obscured logic, warranting caution. Overall, there is a moderate risk due to obfuscation, but no definitive malicious activity is demonstrated within this snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 5
}