{
  "purpose": "The code appears to manipulate SVG image data by encoding and sanitizing input data, potentially to embed images safely or obfuscate content.",
  "sources": "Input data is received via function parameters (txt, mGCCkFmIOSlHosqtVOeshcOUHKHrYIyR). Base64 encoding and regex substitutions are performed on this data.",
  "sinks": "The functions generate data URIs with base64 encoding, which could be used to embed malicious content if the input is maliciously crafted. No network or system operations are directly invoked.",
  "flows": "Data is received from input parameters, sanitized via regex or character stripping, then encoded into base64 or data URI format, potentially for embedding in web content.",
  "anomalies": "The variable names are obfuscated and nonsensical, and there are references to undefined variables (e.g., STRIP_CHARS) which could indicate incomplete or intentionally obfuscated code. The function 'mlBHmOkKasDCKYilUYfYugxhekkEHnkC' claims to generate a URI without base64 but lacks implementation details, suggesting possible obfuscation or incomplete code.",
  "analysis": "The code performs base64 encoding of input data and sanitizes input via regex substitutions using a character set that is obscured by obfuscated variable names. The functions aim to generate data URIs, possibly SVG images. The presence of undefined variables and inconsistent documentation hints at obfuscation or incomplete code. No network activity, file operations, or system commands are present, which minimizes immediate risk. However, malicious payloads could be embedded in the data being encoded, especially if user-controlled.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears primarily to encode and sanitize data for embedding as data URIs, with obfuscated variable names and incomplete references. No explicit malicious behavior or malware is evident. The main concern is that malicious data could be embedded into the encoding functions, but the code itself does not perform malicious actions. Overall, low suspicion of malicious intent, but obfuscation warrants caution.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}