{
  "purpose": "This script performs EEG/NIRS data analysis, including plotting and statistical analysis of epochs and evoked responses.",
  "sources": "Data is read from mne epoch objects and NIRS data, particularly from 'mne_epochs' and 'MfkSIyIZZPoPpLMmaKRpdyXBYwTcbMfE' objects. Also, it reads from environment variables and possibly user inputs for labels and conditions.",
  "sinks": "Data is primarily visualized through plotting functions; no clear data leaks or untrusted data sinks are evident. No network communication or file writing observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources ('mne_epochs', 'MfkSIyIZZPoPpLMmaKRpdyXBYwTcbMfE') through processing functions, including plotting, statistical calculations, and channel renaming, without evident malicious transfer or storage.",
  "anomalies": "Use of a suspiciously named function (BwqtgtJgWgfJTHJZVJhOZZvGeYZoBSuj) with no clear purpose; repeated renaming of channels with lambda functions, but these are standard operations. Variable naming is obfuscated and inconsistent. Some undefined variables (e.g., 'condition', 'channels', 'nirs', 'label_class', 'std_class') suggest incomplete code or placeholder variables. The code prints sensitive information like channel names and data shapes, but no evident hardcoded secrets or credentials. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. The code sets log levels in an unusual way, but that appears benign.",
  "analysis": "The script performs data analysis with typical plotting and statistical functions. There are some obfuscated variable names and inconsistent references to undefined variables, which could suggest incomplete or placeholder code. No network operations, file manipulations, or suspicious commands are present. The use of renaming channels and plotting functions is standard for EEG/NIRS analysis. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are observed. The logging level adjustment is unusual but not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be standard analysis code with obfuscated naming, not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not exhibit malicious behavior or malware characteristics. Its obfuscated variable names and placeholder variables suggest incomplete or intentionally obscured code, but nothing malicious is evident. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}