{
  "purpose": "The code performs neuroimaging data analysis, including statistical calculations, plotting, and data processing using the MNE library.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from mne epoch objects, gets event IDs, and loads data via get_data(). It also reads from environment variables and uses predefined variables like 'condition', 'channels', 'nirs', 'label_class', 'std_class'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could flow through variable assignments or data manipulations, but no explicit sinks such as network connections or data exfiltration are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input variables and data loading functions into statistical computations, plotting functions, and channel renaming operations. Channel renaming via slicing indicates data manipulation that could obscure true data flow.",
  "anomalies": "Use of nonsensical function and variable names, undefined variables ('condition', 'channels', 'nirs', 'label_class', 'std_class'), repeated setting of log levels with obfuscated parameters, renaming channels by slicing off last four characters, and incomplete code snippets suggest obfuscation or code generation artifacts.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated with nonsensical identifiers, making it difficult to interpret directly. It performs standard neuroimaging analysis tasks such as plotting epoch images, computing mean and SEM, and statistical summaries. The renaming of channels by slicing is suspicious and could be an obfuscation technique. Several variables are used without prior definition, indicating incomplete or intentionally obscured code. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious commands are detected. The heavy obfuscation and undefined variables are red flags but do not necessarily imply malicious intent. The code appears to be a standard analysis script with obfuscation rather than malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is an obfuscated neuroimaging analysis script with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The obfuscation and incomplete variable definitions suggest an attempt to conceal the code's true purpose but do not indicate malicious activity. Overall security risk is low, with the primary concern being obfuscation that hampers clarity.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}