{
  "purpose": "The code appears to process EEG/NIRS epoch data, perform visualization, and compute statistical measures, likely for neuroimaging analysis.",
  "sources": "Input data from mne_epochs, environment variables (not explicitly used), and file data from MfkSIyIZZPoPpLMmaKRpdyXBYwTcbMfE.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include print statements with data shapes and statistical values; visualization functions display images and plots; no data is sent over network or stored externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input (mne_epochs, file data) through statistical calculations and visualizations, ending with printed summaries and plots. No external data flow or network activity detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains highly obfuscated variable names, inconsistent variable references (e.g., 'channels', 'nirs', 'label_class', 'std_class' used without definitions), and redundant or misplaced code snippets (e.g., undefined 'condition' and 'labels' variables, misuse of 'set_log_level' with parameters). These irregularities suggest obfuscation or incomplete code. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors observed.",
  "analysis": "The script imports neuroimaging libraries and defines functions for statistical analysis and visualization. The first function calculates mean ± standard error. The second function modifies data based on optional input, drops bad segments, and visualizes epochs with plotting functions. It also attempts to print channel info and data shapes, but references undefined variables, indicating incomplete or obfuscated code. No suspicious network activity, file access, or malicious commands are present. The obfuscated variable names and inconsistent references are suspicious, but they do not directly indicate malicious intent. The code's structure suggests it is for neuroimaging data analysis rather than malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard neuroimaging data analysis script with significant obfuscation and some incomplete or inconsistent variable references. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The primary concern is code clarity and correctness, not malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}