{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface for AWS MediaStore Data service, facilitating interaction with the service via boto3 with type hints for improved code correctness and IDE support.",
  "sources": "Import statements, class property and method definitions, and type annotations within method signatures.",
  "sinks": "None explicitly present; methods are primarily interfaces for AWS SDK operations, which do not process untrusted input directly in this code.",
  "flows": "Method calls such as generate_presigned_url, delete_object, describe_object, get_object, list_items, and put_object handle parameters that may come from untrusted sources. These parameters flow from the caller into SDK methods that execute network requests.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors detected. Use of dynamic typing and version-specific imports appear standard. No obfuscated code or malicious code constructs identified.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a client class for AWS MediaStore Data with type annotations and exception handling classes. It includes methods that interface with the AWS SDK, passing parameters via unpacked dictionaries that are type hinted. The class also offers a method to generate presigned URLs and paginate through list results. All parts follow standard SDK client patterns, with no signs of malicious behavior or hidden payloads. There are no hardcoded secrets, no network calls initiated in this code snippet, and no suspicious code logic. The only potential security consideration is that methods accepting untrusted input should be used carefully, but that is inherent to SDK clients and not specific to this code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured SDK interface with type annotations for AWS MediaStore Data. No malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks are evident. It appears to be legitimate code intended for AWS SDK usage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}