{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and interface definitions for the AWS MediaStore Data SDK client, providing static typing and documentation links.",
  "sources": "Method parameters (via **kwargs unpacked from type definitions), class attributes, and imported modules.",
  "sinks": "AWS SDK method calls, URL generation, and data handling functions that interact with AWS services.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into SDK method calls such as delete_object, describe_object, get_object, etc., which then interact with AWS endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or unusual patterns detected. The code is a standard SDK wrapper with no malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward, well-structured SDK stub for AWS MediaStore Data, primarily providing type annotations, method signatures, and documentation links. It does not contain executable logic beyond method signatures. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious patterns are present. The use of **kwargs with type definitions is typical for SDK interfaces. The import structure includes compatibility handling for different Python versions. The methods are simple signatures that wrap boto3 functionality, with no data exfiltration, network anomalies, or backdoors. The security considerations mainly involve presigned URL generation, which is a standard AWS feature and not inherently malicious. The scores assigned in the critical reports—malware=0, obfuscated=0, low security risk—are consistent with this analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard SDK interface for AWS MediaStore Data, with no signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The potential risks relate to the use of presigned URLs, which are inherent to AWS SDKs and require proper management but do not indicate malicious intent. The scores across reports are appropriate and justified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}