{
  "purpose": "This code defines type annotations and a client class wrapper for AWS MediaStore Data service, primarily for facilitating type-safe interactions with the AWS SDK (boto3) in Python.",
  "sources": "Code imports various modules and defines class methods that internally call boto3 client methods, which handle external data fetching from AWS services.",
  "sinks": "Method calls like generate_presigned_url, delete_object, describe_object, get_object, list_items, and put_object act as sinks where data flows from external AWS responses or inputs, including potentially untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (kwargs unpacked from request type defs) flow into AWS API calls; responses from AWS (like object data or metadata) flow back into method return values. The generate_presigned_url method creates URLs that could be misused if not properly controlled.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward, primarily defining a client interface with type annotations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is evident. No network connections or data exfiltration code are visible.",
  "analysis": "The code imports necessary modules for type annotations and AWS SDK interactions, defines a custom Exceptions class wrapping potential AWS errors, and a client class that wraps boto3's MediaStore Data client. All methods are standard wrappers with no signs of malicious logic, backdoors, or data leakage mechanisms. The presigned URL generation could be a concern if misused, but it is a standard AWS feature and not malicious by itself. There is no code executing hidden or unauthorized actions. Overall, the code appears to be a typical type-annotated AWS service client wrapper, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured wrapper for AWS MediaStore Data SDK with comprehensive type annotations. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The only potential concern relates to the use of presigned URLs, which should be managed carefully, but this is normal in AWS SDK usage. Overall, the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}