{
  "purpose": "This script parses Maya.env configuration files to set environment variables and modify system paths for Maya applications.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the contents of the Maya.env file read from disk, environment variables, and potentially variable substitution tokens within the file.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting environment variables (os.environ), modifying sys.path, and printing logs which could be used to leak data if combined with external inputs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from reading and parsing the Maya.env file (source), through the lexer and parser processing variable assignments and substitutions, ultimately updating environment variables and sys.path (sink).",
  "anomalies": "The code performs variable substitution based on environment variables and symbols, and appends values to existing environment variables such as PYTHONPATH. There are no hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The warnings for multiple '=' or invalid syntax are benign but could be misused if the input file is maliciously crafted to cause parsing errors, although this does not result in code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code contains a lexer-based parser to interpret Maya.env files, handling variable declarations, assignments, and substitutions. It reads files from disk and modifies environment variables and sys.path accordingly. The variable substitution supports environment variables and symbols, with conditional logic based on OS. There are no network connections, code injection points, or malicious code snippets. The use of warnings for malformed lines is standard for parsing errors. No malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms are present. The code relies on standard library functions and well-understood parsing logic, with no obfuscated or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate configuration parser for Maya environment setup. It does not contain any malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. It performs standard file reading, parsing, and environment variable modifications with appropriate warnings and error handling. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}