{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to send emails via SMTP with support for HTML content, multiple recipients, CC, and BCC.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters such as 'to', 'subject', 'content', 'cc', and 'bcc'. Retrieves SMTP server details, username, and password from initialization arguments.",
  "sinks": "Uses SMTP connection to send email messages. Potential data leaks if credentials are mishandled. Sends email content over the network.",
  "flows": "Inputs (to, cc, bcc, content, credentials) flow into email composition and SMTP connection. The SMTP login credentials flow from parameters into the SMTP server login. Email content flows from input into MIMEText and then into SMTP send_message.",
  "anomalies": "Contains hardcoded email credentials in the main block, including username and password, which are sensitive data. The password appears to be a plaintext string. The use of print statements for debugging could leak information in logs. No input validation for email addresses or content is evident. The code directly exposes email credentials in source code, which is a security risk.",
  "analysis": "The code correctly constructs and sends an email via SMTP with SSL. It uses standard libraries and proper SSL context for secure connection. However, the presence of hardcoded credentials in the main execution block is a significant security concern, exposing sensitive data. The code does not perform input validation or sanitization, but this does not necessarily imply malicious intent; rather, it indicates potential security flaws. There is no evidence of obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious code execution. The overall functionality is straightforward, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. The credential leak in the main section could be exploited if the code is shared publicly. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The primary security risk stems from hardcoded SMTP credentials, which could lead to credential theft if the code is shared or accessed by unauthorized parties. The code itself is not malicious but contains a serious security vulnerability due to credential exposure. No malicious or backdoor behavior detected. The overall malware score is low; the security risk score is elevated mainly because of hardcoded secrets. The code does not exhibit obfuscation or malicious intent, but best practices recommend removing hardcoded credentials and adding input validation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 5
}