{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to send an HTML-formatted email via SMTP with SSL encryption, supporting multiple recipients, CC, and BCC.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters: 'to', 'subject', 'content', 'cc', and 'bcc'. It also reads SMTP configuration from class attributes initialized during instantiation.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with smtplib.SMTP_SSL to send emails, which could potentially be exploited if untrusted data influences email headers or SMTP configuration. However, the code does not perform any insecure handling of data beyond standard email composition.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to compose email headers and content; data flows from parameters into the email message object and then through SMTP for sending.",
  "anomalies": "Hardcoded credentials are present ('username' and 'password') within the main execution block, which is a security concern. The code prints sensitive information such as 'Connecting to SMTP server' and other debug messages, potentially exposing internal state if logs are collected. The code does not sanitize email inputs or check for malicious content, but this is typical for email sending functions. No suspicious network activity or obfuscated code detected. The email password appears to be a real credential, which raises suspicion of credential exposure.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward email sender implementation using Python's smtplib and email libraries. It initializes with SMTP server details and credentials, constructs an email with specified headers and HTML content, and sends it over a secure SSL connection. The presence of hardcoded credentials (username and password) in the main script is a significant security risk, indicating poor secret management. There are debug print statements exposing internal states, including server connection and login steps. No malicious code or suspicious network activity is evident beyond standard email sending operations. The code does not perform any obfuscated or malicious behavior but the embedded credentials compromise security.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard email sender with SSL. However, it contains hardcoded credentials in the script, representing a critical security vulnerability. No malware or malicious behavior is detected, but credential exposure poses a significant security risk. Overall, the code should not be used as-is due to the sensitive information stored within it.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 3
}