{
  "purpose": "This code implements an email sender utility over SMTP with SSL, supporting HTML content, multiple recipients, CC, and BCC.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (to, cc, bcc, subject, content) and from hardcoded credentials in the main block.",
  "sinks": "The code sends email data over the network via SMTP_SSL connection, using user credentials for login.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (to, cc, bcc, subject, content) are used to construct the email message; credentials are used during SMTP login; the message is sent via SMTP_SSL connection.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of hardcoded SMTP server, username, and password in the main execution block; debug print statements exposing internal states; no obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard email utility that constructs and sends emails securely over SSL. The main security concern is the hardcoded credentials, which pose a risk of credential leakage if the code is shared or exposed. No malicious behavior, obfuscation, or malware is present. The debug print statements, while not malicious, could leak sensitive info if logs are accessed by unauthorized parties. The code's structure is straightforward, and the logic is clear. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious activity. The obfuscation score is 0, as the code is clear. The security risk score is high (~0.75) due to credential exposure, justified by the potential for misuse if credentials are compromised. Overall, the code is benign but insecure in its current form due to hardcoded secrets.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard email sender with a significant security vulnerability stemming from hardcoded SMTP credentials. It does not contain malware or obfuscation. The primary risk is credential exposure, which could lead to unauthorized email access or abuse. The malware score is 0, and the risk score should be high (~0.75) reflecting the security concern.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}