{
  "purpose": "The code provides an HTTP client implementation using urllib3 for the HelloSign SDK, handling HTTP requests and responses, with SSL verification and proxy support.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters in class methods (e.g., url, headers, body, query_params). It also accesses configuration attributes and environment variables indirectly through urllib3 and standard library functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests via urllib3 request methods, especially with JSON bodies, form data, or multipart data. These could be exploited if untrusted data is injected into request bodies or URL parameters.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (e.g., query_params, body, headers) flows into HTTP request methods, which then transmit data over the network. No explicit data validation or sanitization is performed on inputs before network transmission.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for an HTTP client; no suspicious or malicious code patterns, backdoors, or hardcoded credentials are present. No obfuscation or malware-like behaviors are detected. The code does not perform any malicious system actions or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of an HTTP client using urllib3, with detailed handling of different content types and proxy configurations. It manages SSL verification settings and proxy bypass logic. There are no indicators of malicious intent, such as hidden network communications, data exfiltration, or backdoors. It processes inputs to perform network requests securely, with error handling for common HTTP status codes. No suspicious data flows or anomalies are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate HTTP client implementation for the HelloSign SDK with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It focuses on secure HTTP communications and proxy handling without engaging in any malicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}