{
  "purpose": "A wrapper for making HTTP API calls to Azure DevOps, handling authentication, retries, and rate limiting.",
  "sources": "Imports external modules (requests, tenacity, os, etc.), reads files (file_path in post_file method), and uses environment variables indirectly through requests and os.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request methods (get, post, patch, put, delete, post_file) send data over the network; headers and JSON data are constructed dynamically, but no untrusted input is directly written to system commands or files.",
  "flows": "Input data from files or network triggers the request methods; headers and JSON payloads are prepared and sent via requests.Session methods. Response handling involves validation and JSON decoding.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or backdoors; the code appears standard for an API client. The code handles retries, rate limits, and response validation normally. No obfuscated or confusing code patterns; no suspicious dynamic execution.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an HTTP client class for Azure DevOps, with standard request handling, retries, and response validation. It reads files only in post_file to upload content. No suspicious data leakage, code injection, or malicious activity is evident. The only external data source is the file system (for reading files), and network communication is confined to legitimate API endpoints. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The headers include Authorization from a method, likely securely obtained via ADOAuth. The code's structure and logic are typical for such a client library, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a typical, well-structured API client for Azure DevOps with no malicious or sabotage behavior detected. It does not contain backdoors, secret exfiltration, or harmful payloads. All operations are standard for a network client library. The malware score is very low, and security risks are minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}