{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for verifying and decoding Apple App Store signed data, including renewal info, transactions, notifications, and app transactions, primarily for server-side validation.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function parameters such as signed_renewal_info, signed_transaction, signed_payload, and signed_app_transaction. Data is read from JWT tokens, base64-encoded certificate chains, and signed payloads.",
  "sinks": "Decoded and verified data structures, such as JWSRenewalInfoDecodedPayload, JWSTransactionDecodedPayload, ResponseBodyV2DecodedPayload, and AppTransaction, are produced for further processing. Cryptographic verification functions also act as sinks for the signature validation process.",
  "flows": "Input signed JWT or payloads are decoded, unverified headers are checked, certificate chains are validated, and the chain's public key is used to verify signatures. Successful verification results in structured, trusted data objects; failed verifications raise exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes optional online OCSP status checks; cache for verified public keys is maintained. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code handles certificate chain validation, which could be misused if compromised but appears standard. No obfuscated code or hidden dynamic execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard cryptographic verification of Apple-signed data, involving JWT decoding, X.509 certificate chain validation, OCSP status checks, and signature verification. It uses public cryptography libraries properly and employs caching to optimize repeated validations. Exception handling consistently raises VerificationException with explicit status codes. The logic appears aligned with standard Apple verification practices, with no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or malicious network activity beyond OCSP checks. The code's only notable behavior is optional online OCSP validation, which is a legitimate security feature.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of Apple App Store data verification procedures. No malicious or sabotage code is detected. The cryptographic operations and certificate chain validations are standard, and there are no signs of malicious payloads or unauthorized actions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}