{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of custom exception classes and utility functions for handling errors in a parsing library, specifically for the Lark parser framework. It manages syntax, lexical, and runtime errors related to parsing operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input mainly through exception parameters such as tokens, character sequences, and parser states. The methods like get_context and match_examples access input text and token data.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks that send untrusted data or system data over the network. The code does not perform file writing, network communication, or execute code based on untrusted input. No direct data leaks or injections are apparent.",
  "flows": "The flow involves capturing error context from input text or tokens during parsing failures, generating detailed error messages, and optionally matching input against example errors for diagnostics. No external or untrusted data flow to critical sinks is present.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses extensive assertions to validate assumptions about data, which could cause denial of service if assertions are triggered with malicious input. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic is detected. The use of detailed exception handling and context generation appears standard for debugging.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines error classes with methods to generate context-aware error messages, matching examples for error diagnosis, and managing parser states and tokens. All functionalities are related to error reporting and diagnostics within a parser framework. There is no evidence of code injection, malicious behavior, or malicious data handling. The use of input data is confined to generating error messages, which does not pose security risks. No network, file, or environment variable manipulation is present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of error handling classes and functions for a parsing library. It does not contain any malicious or suspicious behavior. The code appears safe and intended solely for diagnostic purposes within the parser's operation.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 1
}