{
  "purpose": "This source code provides a client interface for various image and document analysis, detection, and upload functionalities, likely to interact with a remote API service.",
  "sources": "Code reads configuration URLs, environment variables (endpoint), input parameters for image URLs, models, language, and other analysis options, as well as stream upload callbacks.",
  "sinks": "Network requests via POST, GET, and stream uploads; deserialization of responses into models; possible data leaks through network calls; and potential handling of untrusted inputs for analysis parameters.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (such as URLs, model versions, languages) flow into serialized request bodies or query parameters, which are then sent over the network to specific API endpoints; responses are received and deserialized into model objects, which may include analysis results.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to construct and send multiple API requests with serialized data; however, there are no explicit hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. Some parameter names (like 'visualFeatures', 'model-version', 'language') are consistent with expected API options. The presence of stream upload/download functions and the use of 'stream_upload' and 'stream_download' could be risky if misused, but here seem legitimate. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code provides client methods for analyzing images, OCR, detection, model listing, and upload functionalities via HTTP requests. It serializes inputs, constructs URLs, handles response statuses, deserializes responses into specific models, and manages raw stream data. There are no signs of hardcoded secrets, credential theft, or malicious network activity outside normal API communication. The methods are consistent with SDK-like behavior, and parameters are properly serialized for API calls. No evidence of malicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or system damage is found.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate SDK client for interacting with a remote analysis API, with no malicious intent or suspicious behaviors detected. It performs typical API request/response handling for image and document analysis tasks. Although it uses network communication and streaming, these are consistent with normal SDK functionality. No security risks or malware behaviors are evident in the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}