{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a client library for calling various image, OCR, and model analysis services, possibly part of an SDK for an external API.",
  "sources": "Data is read from method parameters, object attributes (such as metadata['url']), and external function calls.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests (post, get, stream_upload, stream_download), serialization/deserialization, and stream handling functions are the main sinks where data flows, especially in network operations.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data sources (method parameters, serialized input) flow into HTTP request construction and network calls, with responses deserialized into objects; data flows from inputs to network, then back to deserialized outputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains numerous methods that perform network requests without apparent input validation or sanitization. The code has many methods with cryptic or obfuscated method names, but these are typical of SDK code rather than malicious obfuscation. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The presence of stream upload/download and operation headers could be exploited if misused, but no suspicious URLs or payloads are explicitly present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class with multiple methods, each mapped to specific API endpoints (e.g., '/analyze', '/detect', '/ocr', etc.). Each method constructs request parameters and headers, serializes body content, and performs HTTP network operations such as POST, GET, stream upload, and download. The responses are deserialized into specific models. There is no evidence of malicious payloads, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors. Network requests include standard headers and use serialized parameters. No suspicious domain names or unusual network behavior is apparent. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation techniques are detected beyond the standard method naming, which is typical for an SDK. The methods handle various image and model analysis tasks, likely interacting with external services. Overall, the code functions as a client SDK for API calls without evidence of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard SDK client for external API services related to image and model analysis. No signs of malicious intent, backdoors, hardcoded secrets, or malicious network activity are detected. It primarily performs network communication with external endpoints, with structured request and response handling. Therefore, the overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}