{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a highly obfuscated Django database backend extension with methods constructing SQL queries via string formatting, posing potential SQL injection risks. No active malware or backdoors are evident, but unsafe practices increase security concerns.",
  "sources": "Methods like WySzckvwxGwzWgHzAhfCQlhHubWkDkTt and related functions that generate SQL strings through string interpolation and concatenation.",
  "sinks": "Execution of raw SQL queries via cursor.execute with interpolated strings, which can lead to SQL injection if inputs are untrusted.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into functions that build SQL strings via string formatting, then into cursor.execute calls, creating potential source-to-sink paths for injection vulnerabilities.",
  "anomalies": "Use of complex, obfuscated method and class names; dynamic SQL string construction without parameterization; multiple functions with similar patterns; minimal documentation.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs SQL commands by concatenating or formatting strings directly with input parameters, especially in methods like WySzckvwxGwzWgHzAhfCQlhHubWkDkTt. This pattern is risky if inputs are untrusted, as it can lead to SQL injection vulnerabilities. The obfuscated naming and complex logic suggest an attempt to conceal functionality, which raises suspicion but does not confirm malicious intent. No evidence of active malware, network exfiltration, or backdoors is present. The obfuscation level is high, and the unsafe SQL practices significantly elevate security risk. The malware score is low, consistent with the absence of malicious payloads. The security risk score is high due to unsafe query construction, and the obfuscation score is also high, reflecting the code's complexity and naming conventions. Overall, the code's primary concern is its unsafe SQL handling, which could be exploited if inputs are not properly sanitized. No active malicious activity is detected, but the unsafe practices warrant caution and refactoring.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex, obfuscated Django backend extension with unsafe SQL string formatting, leading to significant potential for SQL injection. While no malware or malicious payloads are evident, the insecure practices pose a security risk. Obfuscation further complicates review and maintenance. It is recommended to refactor the code to use parameterized queries, improve naming clarity, and implement input validation to mitigate injection vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}