{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to standardize and normalize taxonomic names by replacing alternative forms with canonical equivalents, handling special cases like hybrids, subgenera, and group modifiers.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the parameter 'taxon_name' in functions 'canonize' and 'make_alternative', and from internal variables during string processing.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the return statements that output the processed taxon names, which could be misused if integrated into larger workflows. No other external data sinks or system calls are present.",
  "flows": "Input 'taxon_name' is processed through string replacements, splitting, and pattern matching, then output as a standardized string. No untrusted data flows to external systems or network calls.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive string manipulations with no external input validation or sanitization, but it does not include any suspicious or malicious commands such as network access, file operations, or code execution. The handling of hybrid symbols and alternative replacements is complex but benign. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. Use of replace and split functions is straightforward and standard.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly manipulates taxonomic name strings for normalization purposes. It replaces certain abbreviations and alternative forms, handles special cases like hybrids and subgenera, and removes certain modifiers. The logic involves string splitting, replacement, and pattern detection. No external network access, file I/O, or code execution is present. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident. The functions perform predictable string transformations without side effects or hidden actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign taxonomic name normalizer and does not contain malicious behavior or malware. It performs standard string processing operations without external interactions or obfuscated logic. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. Overall, it appears safe for use in taxonomic data workflows.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}