{
  "purpose": "The code implements custom Django ORM lookups and helper functions for handling Hashid fields, including equality and comparison operators, as well as data preparation and validation functions.",
  "sources": "Input values for lookups such as 'value' in get_id_for_hashid_field, and potentially 'rhs' in custom lookup classes. Data is read from method parameters and class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Database query components generated by as_sql methods, which could be used to inject malicious SQL if inputs are untrusted, but the code properly uses parameterized queries to mitigate injection. No direct data leaks or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "Input values are processed by get_id_for_hashid_field, then used in get_db_prep_lookup, passed through process_rhs, and finally incorporated into SQL query strings via as_sql methods. The data flows from input parameters to SQL execution with parameterization, reducing risk of injection.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code follows Django ORM extension patterns and uses standard practices. No malicious privacy violations or data theft indicators are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines custom Django ORM lookup classes and helper functions for handling Hashid fields, with careful validation and use of parameterized SQL queries. The functions check input types, handle exceptions, and prevent direct SQL injection. The classes extend Django lookup mechanisms for exact, in, and comparison operators, with proper preparation of lookup values and SQL generation. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The use of exceptions and data validation appears standard and secure. Overall, the code seems legitimate and focused on enhancing Hashid support in Django ORM.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a secure, standard extension of Django ORM for Hashid fields. No malicious intent or malicious behavior is detected. It correctly validates and processes data for database lookups, adhering to safe practices. There are no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}