{
  "purpose": "This code provides custom Django ORM lookup classes and utility functions to handle Hashid-based lookups for model fields, enabling hashed ID handling and database querying with support for different lookup types like exact, in, greater than, etc.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from field values and query parameters, especially from get_id_for_hashid_field(), get_db_prep_lookup(), and process_rhs() methods. The code reads data from model fields, query sets, and lookup values.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe data sinks include database query construction in as_sql() methods and get_rhs_op() methods, which generate SQL snippets that incorporate user input. There are no direct system calls, network operations, or file manipulations.",
  "flows": "Input from user or application flows into get_id_for_hashid_field() via field and value, then into get_db_prep_lookup() which prepares values for database queries, then into process_rhs() for handling iterable lookups, and finally into SQL query generation in as_sql() and get_rhs_op() methods.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses exception handling to filter invalid lookup values. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code appears standard for Django ORM extensions, with no suspicious dynamic code execution or external network calls.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several custom lookup classes and utility functions for handling hashid fields within Django ORM queries. It processes user-provided lookup values, converting them into database query parameters. No code injection, network operations, or system modifications are detected. The logic includes filtering invalid values, handling subqueries, and constructing SQL snippets. Security considerations mainly involve ensuring that input values are validated, which the code does via try-except blocks and value checks. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The code is structured, standard for extending Django ORM, and does not perform unsafe operations beyond query string generation, which is typical for ORM layer.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate and is designed to safely integrate Hashid handling within Django ORM queries. There are no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It processes user input to generate safe SQL queries, with appropriate validation and error handling. Overall security risk is minimal, with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}