{
  "purpose": "The code appears to handle encoding and decoding data in PEM format, converting data to base64, and managing PEM markers. It is likely used for cryptographic operations such as certificate handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, especially 'YSGdYZTzBxMLVzuWDNRyBqVQzfbVjVZj' and 'OENnISKxhjhqeKzAggQmLfHfCzrpkNPr'. It processes data split from base64-encoded content, and reads PEM strings.",
  "sinks": "The code decodes base64 data into raw bytes. It encodes data into base64, then formats it with PEM headers and footers. No external sinks or data leaks are directly evident; the data is processed within the functions and returned.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into encoding/decoding steps. The input data is potentially encoded in base64, wrapped in PEM format, and then decoded back to bytes. No external transmission or insecure storage is performed.",
  "anomalies": "Variable and function names are obfuscated, which is unusual but not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or backdoors are present. The code strictly handles encoding/decoding and PEM formatting.",
  "analysis": "The code provides functions to generate PEM headers and footers from input data, parse PEM-formatted data to extract base64-encoded content, and perform base64 encoding/decoding. The functions include error handling for missing or duplicate PEM markers. Variable names are intentionally obfuscated, but the logic strictly adheres to standard PEM handling procedures. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command execution, or network activity. The code appears to be a utility for cryptographic data formatting, consistent with legitimate cryptographic workflows.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard PEM formatting and parsing utility with obfuscated variable names. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The functions perform expected cryptographic data handling tasks. The obfuscation might hinder readability but does not imply malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}