{
  "purpose": "The code generates visualizations of allele counts, coverage, ratios, and gene annotations for genomic data, primarily for research and analysis purposes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the input DataFrame 'df' (columns: 'CHROM', 'Window_start', 'Window_end', 'Mean_depth', 'Mean_ref_reads', 'Mean_alt_reads', 'Bam_file') and from optional gene annotation features 'gtf_features'. It also reads file paths for output images.",
  "sinks": "There are no direct sinks such as network connections, system commands, or file writes outside of plot saving. The only output is image files written to disk if specified.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the DataFrame into plotting functions, which process and visualize the data. No external untrusted data is fed into system commands or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes complex plotting routines with multiple subplots and detailed annotations. No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. No unusual code patterns such as obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or misleading variable names are present. The code does not perform any system modifications, network communications, or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The script is focused on data visualization for genomic and allele count data. It uses standard plotting libraries (matplotlib, numpy, pandas) and adheres to common data processing and plotting practices. The inclusion of gene annotation plotting functions appears normal and is contextual for genomic data visualization. There are no signs of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, network activity, or system harm. The only potential concern is the extensive plotting code, but it strictly handles visualization tasks. The code operates within safe boundaries, with no evident malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate genomic data visualization script with no indicators of malicious activity or sabotage. It processes input data and gene annotations to produce detailed plots, with no suspicious or harmful behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}