{
  "purpose": "The code appears to visualize astronomical data using napari, loading an image and adding tracked objects over time.",
  "sources": "Data source is 'napari' for visualization, 'skimage' (though the import is obfuscated and possibly incorrect), and numpy arrays defined within the code.",
  "sinks": "The code does not send data over the network, write to files, or execute system commands. It only visualizes data within a GUI.",
  "flows": "Data is loaded from an external astronomical dataset, processed into numpy arrays, and passed to napari for visualization; no untrusted input handling or external data sinks are involved.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated import statement from 'skimage' with a nonsensical module name; no clear purpose for such obfuscation. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code behavior detected. The import of a possibly invalid module suggests an anomaly.",
  "analysis": "The code imports napari and attempts to import a module with a nonsensical name from skimage, which appears suspicious or erroneous. It then loads astronomical data via a method 'hubble_deep_field()', which may be legitimate or a placeholder. It constructs numpy arrays representing data points and confidence levels. The data is visualized using napari's 'view_image' and 'add_tracks' functions, typical for visualization tasks. No network activity, system modification, or malicious behavior is evident. The obfuscated import may indicate an attempt to hide or disguise behavior, but it doesn't perform malicious actions itself. Overall, the code seems intended solely for visualization of data, with some suspicious import obfuscation that could warrant further inspection.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily visualizes data with no active malicious behavior. The suspicious import statement suggests possible obfuscation or an error, but no malicious actions or security risks are apparent in the code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}