{
  "purpose": "The code implements a template-based text parser (TextFSM) designed to convert human-readable text outputs into structured data records, typically for network CLI output parsing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from command-line arguments (file inputs), template files for FSM definitions, and optionally from the system stdin (via files). It also processes string inputs during parsing, such as template definitions and CLI output.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include writing parsed results to stdout, printing the template, and comparing results with reference files. No direct data leaks or system modifications are observed.",
  "flows": "Input data is read from files (templates and CLI output), then processed through the FSM to produce structured output. Data flows from file reads into parsing functions, and results are printed or compared. No external network or system calls are used to transfer data outside the local environment.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard Python modules for regex, file I/O, and command-line parsing. No obfuscated code, hidden network activity, or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly adheres to parsing and processing defined template structures and CLI text inputs. It does not perform any network communication, file manipulation beyond reading input and printing output, or access environment variables. Exception handling is used for input validation. All classes and functions serve the purpose of FSM-based text parsing, with no signs of malicious intent. The code is well-structured, with no unusual code constructs or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate open-source template parser for converting CLI output into structured data. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It solely focuses on parsing and formatting operations. Overall, it is safe for use from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}