{
  "purpose": "The code implements a template-based text parser using finite state machines (FSM) to convert human-readable CLI output into structured data, typically for network device outputs.",
  "sources": "Input sources include the template file (opened as 'template'), the CLI output text file ('args[1]'), and optional reference data file ('args[2]'). These are read from local files.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write to external networks or files directly, nor does it execute untrusted code or handle untrusted data beyond parsing and string processing. No direct data leaks or unsafe outputs are evident.",
  "flows": "The flow involves reading the template and input files, parsing and compiling regex rules, matching input lines against FSM rules, and generating structured output. Data flows from file reads into regex matching and structured data storage.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscated code. No unusual behaviors like network connections, system modifications, or hidden data exfiltration are present. The code relies on standard libraries and regex processing. There are no dynamic code executions or system calls beyond reading files and regex matching.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured implementation of a FSM-based parser, with clear separation of parsing, validation, and execution logic. It uses regex for pattern matching, with options for record management. No malicious logic, such as network activity, data theft, or backdoors, is present. The code appears to be a standard open-source utility for text processing. The only potential concern is if the input files are maliciously crafted to cause excessive resource usage via regex, but this is a common risk in regex-based parsers and not malicious in itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a FSM-based text parser for CLI output with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles data locally with standard libraries and has no hidden or suspicious functionalities. The risk of supply chain or malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}