{
  "purpose": "The code implements a template-based finite state machine (FSM) parser designed to convert human-readable text, such as command output from network devices, into structured data records. It reads template files and input data, applying regex rules to extract information.",
  "sources": "Reads template files containing Value definitions and state rules; reads input text lines for parsing; command-line arguments for file inputs.",
  "sinks": "Outputs parsed data to stdout; no external network or system modifications; no data exfiltration or malicious system interactions detected.",
  "flows": "Template parsing defines regex patterns (sources) which are matched against input lines (sources). Matched groups are assigned to variables (sources), which are then used in state transitions and record assembly (sinks). No external data flows or network activity are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded credentials, obfuscation, or dynamic code execution detected. Regex patterns are standard; no obfuscation or malicious constructs present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, open-source style FSM parser for command output. It uses standard modules, regex, and string templating. No malicious behaviors such as network activity, backdoors, or sabotage are present. The only inherent risk is regex resource exhaustion, which is a known limitation of regex parsers but not malicious. The code does not contain any suspicious or malicious code, and the logic is transparent and controlled.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, open-source FSM-based text parser with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or obfuscation. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1) are justified and consistent with the analysis. The minimal risk score reflects regex resource exhaustion potential, which is a common, non-malicious concern.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}