{
  "purpose": "This code implements a caching system for storing and retrieving data, with functions for resetting, updating, loading, and cleaning caches, as well as a decorator to automatically cache function results.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the filesystem (os.path.exists, os.mkdir, os.remove), YAML configuration files (__load_config), pickle files (write_pickle, read_pickle), and environment variables (none explicitly). It also reads function arguments and cache keys.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the read_pickle and write_pickle functions which handle arbitrary objects, and filesystem operations such as os.remove. No direct execution or command injection appears present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through cache key generation, config loading, and file operations, culminating in reading or writing pickle files. Cache management functions modify the cache state based on time and existence checks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The code performs filesystem operations and reads/writes pickle objects without sanitization or validation. The cache directory paths are hardcoded and somewhat opaque. No obfuscated code features are evident, but dynamic filename generation could pose risk if args are maliciously crafted.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a caching mechanism with configurable paths and TTL, utilizing YAML for config management and pickle for data storage. It provides functions for resetting, setting paths, checking cache validity, and cleaning outdated caches. The decorator wraps functions to cache their outputs automatically. The logic appears standard for a cache system, with no evident malicious intent. However, the use of pickle without validation and the ability to cache arbitrary objects can pose security risks if untrusted data is stored. The code’s filesystem operations could be exploited if attacker-controlled data influences file paths or arguments, but no explicit malicious behavior or backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical caching utility with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It operates on filesystem and configuration files, with standard caching logic. While it can store and retrieve arbitrary objects via pickle, this alone does not indicate malicious behavior. The code's design appears benign, though cautious use is advised when handling untrusted data.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}