{
  "purpose": "This code defines constants, enums, and mappings for metrics, tasks, objectives, and telemetry used in an AutoML framework, primarily for tracking and evaluating machine learning models across various tasks.",
  "sources": "The code reads constants, class attributes, and configuration variables such as system version, imported modules, and predefined metric/task sets.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data processing are present; the code mainly defines static constants and mappings.",
  "flows": "There are no dynamic data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks; the code is static and configuration-based.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns. The code contains only definitions and mappings for metrics, tasks, and constants. No network or system modifications are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive collection of constant definitions, enumerations, and mappings used for managing ML metrics, objectives, and tasks in an AutoML setting. It imports standard modules and defines various metric sets, ranges, objectives, and task types. There are no functions executing data processing, no I/O operations, nor code that manipulates system state or network. All imported modules are standard or part of the package's own definitions. The structure and content do not show signs of obfuscation, malicious intent, or hidden backdoors. Sensitive data like credentials are not hardcoded. The only potentially sensitive aspect is the default GPT model and prompts, but these are benign default values for an AI assistant. Overall, the code appears to be purely declarative, configuration, and constant definitions without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of static configuration constants and definitions for metrics, tasks, and objectives in an AutoML framework. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malicious payloads. It is designed for internal use to standardize metric management, not for executing untrusted code or network activities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}