{
  "purpose": "The code defines constants, enums, classes, and mappings for various machine learning metrics, tasks, objectives, and telemetry/logging configurations used within an Azure Machine Learning context. It serves as a centralized configuration and reference for AutoML metrics and tasks.",
  "sources": "The code reads data mainly from imported modules (`sys`, `enum`, `numpy`, `pkg_resources`) and from the definitions within the script itself (constants, class attributes, dictionaries, sets). No external input or untrusted sources are read at runtime.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct data sinks such as network connections, file writes, or command executions. No untrusted data is processed or forwarded to external systems.",
  "flows": "There are no explicit data flows from untrusted sources to sinks. The code primarily defines static constants and mappings; it does not execute logic that processes external input or outputs data.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscated code are present. The constants and configurations are standard for metric definitions and system settings. The version retrieval via `pkg_resources.get_distribution` is a common pattern and not malicious. No code injections, dynamic code execution, or cryptic obfuscation are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive collection of metric names, task types, ranges, objectives, and constants used in an AutoML framework within Azure ML. It primarily consists of static definitions: enums, dictionaries, sets, and constants. There are no functions or executable logic that could be exploited. The presence of hardcoded values like model names, thresholds, and system prompts are typical for configuration files. The module imports are standard, and there is no indication of code that interacts with external untrusted sources or performs actions such as network calls, file writes, or command executions. The version retrieval from `pkg_resources` is safe and standard for Python packages.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static configuration module that defines constants, mappings, and enums for metrics and tasks in an Azure ML AutoML context. It contains no malicious behavior, no data leaks, no code injections, or backdoors. It appears to be a safe, purely declarative configuration script.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}