{
  "purpose": "The code is a test script using Selenium to automate testing of dynamic raw ID widgets in a Django admin interface, verifying lookup and value display functionalities.",
  "sources": "Reads include URL parameters, element IDs, and data from the Django database models (User, IntPrimaryKeyModel, CharPrimaryKeyModel, UUIDPrimaryKeyModel). It also interacts with Selenium's WebDriver for browser control.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink is the use of selenium.find_element() and execute_script() functions which can execute code within the browser context, but in this case, they are used for element interaction and styling, not maliciously. No untrusted data is sent over the network or executed as code outside of Selenium commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the webpage elements (inputs, links) to the assertions and selenium commands, and back to the database through ORM queries to verify values. No untrusted external sources are directly used for data injection.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or unusual behavior. The code uses standard testing and selenium practices. There are commented debugging lines but nothing malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script performs automated UI testing of Django admin widgets, interacting with elements identified by IDs and link texts, switching browser windows, and verifying displayed values against database queries. It uses standard Selenium commands and Django ORM queries. There is no evidence of code injection, malicious network activity, or backdoors. The code's behavior aligns with legitimate testing procedures. The only minor potential concern could be the use of implicit waits, but these are standard testing practices and not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate test script for Django admin widgets with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs UI automation to verify widget behavior, relying solely on standard Selenium and Django ORM functions without executing or transmitting untrusted code or data maliciously.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}