{
  "purpose": "This code is a Django settings configuration file primarily used for development purposes, containing database setup, middleware, templates, installed apps, logging, and secret keys.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from environment variables (e.g., local_settings import), hardcoded secrets (SECRET_KEY, AWS credentials), and file paths (BASE_PATH, TEMPLATE_DIRS).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the SECRET_KEY and AWS credentials, which if exposed or misused, could lead to security breaches. Logging handlers could also leak sensitive info if misconfigured.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment variables and local_settings into configuration parameters like SECRET_KEY and AWS credentials; these are used during application runtime, but no malicious data flow is evident.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or backdoors are present. The only concern is insecure hardcoded secrets and DEBUG=True, which are typical in development but pose security risks if used in production.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Django configuration with no malicious or obfuscated code. It contains insecure practices like hardcoded SECRET_KEY and DEBUG=True, which are common in development environments. The import of local_settings introduces potential risk if the local file is compromised, but no malicious code is detected. The AWS credentials are empty, indicating incomplete configuration but not malicious intent. Logging setup is standard, and no suspicious data flows or anomalies are present. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious behavior or obfuscation, but insecure secrets and settings pose a moderate security risk if deployed improperly.",
  "conclusion": "The supply chain appears benign with no evidence of malicious code or obfuscation. The main security concern is the insecure configuration suitable for development, not malicious activity. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk score is approximately 0.3 due to insecure secrets and debug mode. Proper secret management and environment-specific configurations are recommended before deploying to production.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}