{
  "purpose": "Shared utilities for handling HTTP requests, responses, and retry logic within Google resumable media operations.",
  "sources": "Imports modules like http.client, requests.exceptions, urllib3.exceptions, and internal modules for retry strategy and helpers.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include handling of response content, error handling, and retry logic which could be manipulated if response data or exceptions are influenced by untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Response objects are read from network, their status codes and headers are accessed, and response bodies are retrieved. Errors during network communication are caught and retried according to strategy. Retry logic involves delays and exception handling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code predominantly implements standard HTTP request handling and retry logic. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility classes and functions for HTTP response handling and retry logic. It imports standard modules and internal helpers, and includes well-defined retry mechanisms based on exception types and status codes. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system compromise features are evident. The response content handling checks for specific conditions, but this aligns with normal response processing. The exception handling is typical for network requests, and there is no use of untrusted inputs in a way that suggests malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be standard utility code for HTTP operations with no suspicious or malicious activity detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of HTTP response handling and retry mechanisms used in network communication libraries. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The structure and content are consistent with legitimate utility functions for managing HTTP requests and retries.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}