{
  "purpose": "Shared utilities for handling HTTP requests and retries in Google resumable media workflows, specifically tailored for requests-like transports.",
  "sources": "Reading environment variables, making HTTP requests via requests or urllib3, handling response content and status codes.",
  "sinks": "Potentially exposing or mishandling response content, performing retries which could be misused to cause Denial of Service (DoS), or leaking data if response content is mishandled improperly.",
  "flows": "HTTP responses are retrieved via requests or urllib3, processed for status, headers, and content; responses may trigger retries based on status codes; errors during request attempts lead to retries with exponential backoff.",
  "anomalies": "Use of private attributes like response._content and response._content, which bypass standard response handling and could be misused to access or modify response data. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external connections are observed. The code implements a retry mechanism based on a customizable strategy. No obfuscation or malicious code constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for handling HTTP responses and a retry mechanism with exponential backoff. It reads response content via standard or mix-in methods, handles connection errors, and retries based on a defined strategy. The use of private response attributes (_content) is potentially unsafe but not malicious. There are no signs of data leakage, secret exfiltration, backdoors, or external malicious connections. The retry logic and error handling appear standard and benign. No obfuscated code or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be standard utility code for handling HTTP responses and retries, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It uses private attributes in a way that could be unsafe but not malicious. Overall, the code is for normal operation within an HTTP request context without any malicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}