{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of classes, attributes, and utility functions related to hardware description and verification, including VHDL post-processing, attribute handling, and formal verification controls.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from parameters, class attributes, and function arguments such as 'text' in post_process, 'code' in _YosysInlineCode, and various attribute instances.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include string replacements in post_process, formatted strings returning VHDL constructs, and global flags for formal verification. No direct data leak or system command execution observed.",
  "flows": "Input data from function parameters and class attributes flow through string manipulations and attribute wrappers. No untrusted data appears to be used in critical system operations or external communications.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. Use of global flags (_formal_tools_active) is straightforward and controlled. No obfuscated code or unusual code constructs are present. All code appears to be standard for hardware description utilities.",
  "analysis": "The code provides hardware description utilities, including post-processing VHDL text, attribute handling with wrappers for signal annotations, and control for formal verification features. All functions and classes perform clear, standard roles with no signs of malicious behavior. String replacements and attribute handling are typical in hardware description libraries. The global variable controlling formal tools active state is used with proper assertions to prevent misuse. There are no external system calls, network operations, or sensitive data handling identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard hardware description utility module, with no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It primarily manages hardware attributes, VHDL text processing, and verification flags. Overall, it is low risk from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}