{
  "purpose": "The code defines a framework for loading, preprocessing, and embedding text and images using ONNX models, with support for parallel processing.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include method parameters such as 'documents', 'images', 'documents', and 'images'. Data is read from function arguments, batch iterators, and external files via PIL.Image.",
  "sinks": "Data outputs include the model's 'run' method outputs, which produce embeddings. These are returned as 'OnnxOutputContext' objects containing numpy arrays. No external data sinks like network connections are present.",
  "flows": "Sources (input data) flow into tokenization or image processing functions, then into model inference ('model.run'), with outputs processed by post-processing methods, returning embeddings. No suspicious data flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secret tokens, or unusual code constructs. The code uses standard library functions and well-known third-party packages without obfuscation. No backdoors or hidden behaviors are evident. Control flow is straightforward and conforms to expected patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement a typical ONNX-based multimodal embedding system, with clear separation of concerns, input preprocessing, and optional parallelization. It uses external libraries responsibly, handles inputs safely, and does not perform any suspicious operations such as network communication, system modification, or data exfiltration. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security breaches are detected. The structure and logic suggest a legitimate use case with standard practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears benign, implementing standard data processing and inference workflows for text and image embeddings. No malicious intent or suspicious patterns are identified. It operates within the scope of typical AI model serving code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}