{
  "purpose": "This code is designed for parsing, analyzing, and manipulating SQL queries for security checks, extraction of table references, and query modifications within a web application framework, likely for data access control and validation.",
  "sources": "The code reads SQL statements from input strings, tokenizes and parses SQL using sqlparse and sqloxide, extracts table names and clauses, and reads configuration or environment info (e.g., from database models).",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or security effects could occur at points where the code interacts with database models or injects RLS predicates into queries, but no direct untrusted data output or network transmission occurs here. The code does not execute SQL directly or send data over network.",
  "flows": "Data flows from SQL strings through parsing functions, extraction routines, and into query modification functions such as insert_rls_as_subquery and insert_rls_in_predicate. It also flows into security checks (e.g., check_sql_functions_exist) and extraction of table dependencies. These functions process input SQL to enforce policies or extract info.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code employs multiple SQL parsing methods, including fallback mechanisms. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The code properly isolates its functions and does not execute code dynamically or insecurely.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs safe parsing and analysis of SQL statements, extracting tables, clauses, and adding RLS predicates. It uses established libraries (sqlparse, sqloxide) with fallback strategies. It avoids executing or directly exposing untrusted data. No signs of malicious behavior, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors, are evident. The only potential concern is the insertion of RLS predicates, which is intended for security, not malicious activity. Overall, the code demonstrates careful handling of SQL with appropriate safeguards, with no malicious signals detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for SQL analysis and modification to support security policies. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage features. Its operations are consistent with legitimate security, auditing, and query transformation purposes. No evidence of malware or security risks was identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}