{
  "purpose": "This code provides SQL parsing, validation, and manipulation functions, including extraction of table references, handling of SQL clauses, and RLS predicate insertion for security purposes within a larger application.",
  "sources": "Reading SQL statements from input strings; parsing SQL statements using sqlparse and sqloxide; reading database schema information via ORM queries; accessing configuration variables and environment data.",
  "sinks": "SQL parsing functions that convert or manipulate SQL queries; database ORM queries; insertion of RLS predicates into SQL tokens; formatting and reassembling SQL statements.",
  "flows": "Input SQL strings are parsed and analyzed for table references, function presence, or CTE structure. Potentially malicious or malformed SQL could flow through parsing functions into reformatting, RLS insertion, or execution. ORM database queries read schema info and may influence predicate insertion.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls are present. The code uses external libraries like sqlparse, sqloxide, and ORM for schema access. The use of SQL parsing to modify queries could be misused if malicious SQL is inserted or if schema data is misused, but no direct malicious intent is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is mainly focused on SQL parsing, validation, and query manipulation. It employs standard libraries and ORM queries to analyze and modify SQL statements, including handling of CTEs, limits, and RLS predicates. There are no signs of obfuscated code or hidden malicious payloads. The code's behavior is consistent with secure SQL processing, with careful handling of tokens and clauses. No external network connections or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The schema querying functions do not transmit or leak data outside of expected ORM use. Overall, the code appears to be designed for security and correctness, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a comprehensive SQL parsing and validation module intended for secure query handling in a larger system. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. Its primary functions involve safe manipulation and validation of SQL queries, with appropriate use of external libraries. There is no indication of malicious sabotage or privacy violations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}