{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client class definition for interacting with AWS QLDB service via boto3, facilitating typed method calls and exception handling.",
  "sources": "Import statements, class method signatures, type annotations, and docstrings describing API calls.",
  "sinks": "Method implementations (e.g., cancel_journal_kinesis_stream, create_ledger, delete_ledger, etc.), especially where kwargs are unpacked from request type definitions, and return statements.",
  "flows": "Input data (kwargs) flows into method parameters; these are unpacked from specific request type definitions, then used to form API requests. Responses are returned as typed data structures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code primarily defines type annotations, method signatures, and documentation. No code performs network operations, file system modifications, or data exfiltration. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or hidden behavior is present.",
  "analysis": "The code serves as a type stub and client class for AWS QLDB, with detailed method signatures and type annotations to facilitate static type checking and IDE assistance. It imports standard and third-party typing modules, defines an exception class, and a client class with method signatures corresponding to AWS API operations. No executable logic, data processing, or malicious actions are present. The code appears to be a well-structured, auto-generated interface for boto3, focusing on type safety rather than runtime behavior. There are no signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or data leaks. The inclusion of detailed documentation links and structured type annotations further indicates its benign, purpose-driven design.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a type stub and client interface for AWS QLDB, primarily serving as a static type reference. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is safe for use, with no signs of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}