{
  "purpose": "This code provides various classes and functions for normalization and scaling of data, primarily intended for proteomics or similar data analysis workflows, including fixed-value, value-dependent, categorical, and z-score normalization methods.",
  "sources": "Code reads input dataframes for normalization (`table`, `reference_table`), and utilizes external libraries such as numpy, pandas, statsmodels, and custom modules. Data is read via pandas DataFrame methods, particularly in fit and transform functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage points involve reading dataframes; however, no direct sinks such as network, file writing, or command execution are present. The code does not execute untrusted code or write to system resources.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input dataframes into normalization routines (fit and transform). In fit methods, data is analyzed for statistical measures (mean, median, mode, etc.). In transform methods, the fitted parameters are applied to modify the input dataframes accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code performs statistical normalization routines without unusual logic. There are no signs of obfuscation, suspicious dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors. The external modules are standard for data analysis, and their use appears appropriate.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured into multiple normalizer classes implementing various normalization strategies, all of which perform standard statistical operations and data manipulations. Functions like 'confirm_is_fitted' include validation but do not contain malicious logic. No suspicious network, file, or command execution is present. External dependencies are typical for scientific data processing. The code does not manipulate or exfiltrate data outside its scope, nor does it include hidden or obfuscated logic. Overall, the code seems well-structured for its purpose without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be legitimate normalization utilities for data analysis, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It reads data, computes statistical parameters, and applies normalization without executing external commands or handling sensitive credentials. The presence of external libraries and custom modules is typical for this context. Overall, the code is safe and primarily focused on data normalization tasks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}