{
  "purpose": "The code provides various normalization classes for scientific data processing, including fixed-value, value-dependent, median, mode, lowess, categorical, and z-score normalizers. It aims to standardize data for downstream analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from pandas DataFrames, particularly during fitting and transforming processes, and uses internal functions and external libraries (numpy, pandas, statsmodels). No external untrusted input sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed within DataFrames; no network, file I/O, or external data leaks are present. The code returns normalized DataFrames and internal parameters (e.g., get_fits), but does not perform external communication.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input DataFrames into normalization functions, where it is processed and transformed, often referencing internal stored parameters (e.g., normalization factors). No external data flows or network activities are involved.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. The code is clear, well-structured, and uses standard libraries for statistical operations.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard normalization techniques with validation functions ensuring proper usage. It does not include dynamic code execution, network operations, or suspicious data handling. The functions for fitting and transforming are typical for data normalization utilities. The only minor concern is that some classes expose internal state (e.g., get_fits), which could be misused if the code were part of a malicious pipeline, but this does not constitute malicious behavior. The code is free of obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious payloads. The overall structure and dependencies are standard for scientific data processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured set of normalization utilities with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or obfuscation. The minimal security risk score assigned in some reports (0.1) is justified by the potential misuse of internal state exposure but does not indicate malicious activity. Overall, the code is safe and appropriate for use in scientific workflows.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}