{
  "purpose": "The code provides low-level Windows console API interactions, including handle retrieval, console info querying, and manipulation functions, likely for console management or automation.",
  "sources": "Reads console handles via Windows API functions, retrieves console info, and sets console properties.",
  "sinks": "Modifies console attributes, titles, fills output, and reads console info; no external data exfiltration or network activity detected.",
  "flows": "Console handle retrieval functions feed into console manipulation functions such as setting titles, filling output, and querying console info.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation with obscure variable names, dynamic DLL loading, and low-level API usage without clear context; no malicious code or network activity present.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically loads Windows console API functions, wraps them in obfuscated functions, and performs console manipulations. No network, file, or external communication is evident. Obfuscation suggests an intent to conceal, but the API calls are legitimate for console control. The malware score is low (0.2), consistent with no direct malicious activity. The obfuscation score is high (~0.8), reflecting the obscured variable names and dynamic loading. The security risk score is moderate (~0.3-0.4), considering potential misuse of obfuscation but no active malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate console utility or library with obfuscation, not malicious on its own.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Windows console API wrapper with heavy obfuscation. There is no evidence of malware or sabotage. The low malware score and high obfuscation score are justified. The moderate risk score accounts for potential misuse due to obfuscation. Overall, the code appears benign but warrants cautious review if part of a larger supply chain or deployed environment.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}