{
  "purpose": "Define a configuration data class that reads environment variables for database, API, paths, and logging settings.",
  "sources": "Environment variables such as MYSQL_HOST, MYSQL_PORT, MYSQL_USER, MYSQL_PASSWORD, MYSQL_DATABASE, BATCH_SIZE, EDGE_ENV, EDGE_USERNAME, EDGE_PASSWORD, STORAGE_PATH, SRC_PATH, DEST_PATH, TABLE_NAME, LABEL_FILE, COMPANY, TITLE, LOG_LEVEL, LOG_FORMAT, LOG_DATE_FORMAT.",
  "sinks": "Use of environment variables for database credentials, API endpoints, paths, and logging configurations.",
  "flows": "Environment variables are read at class definition time; the data is stored in class attributes and potentially used elsewhere.",
  "anomalies": "Sensitive data such as database passwords and client passwords are obtained from environment variables, which is standard but can be risky if env vars are exposed. The code constructs a file path with os.path.join based on env vars without validation, which could lead to directory traversal issues if environment variables are manipulated. No apparent malicious logic or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Config data class that pulls various configuration settings from environment variables. It defaults to common values for database connection details and API endpoints. The usage of environment variables for sensitive data like passwords is typical, but if environment variables are compromised, credentials may be exposed. The construction of DEST_PATH involves os.path.join with env vars, which could be manipulated to access unintended directories. No code executes external commands, network requests, or contains obfuscated or suspicious logic. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward configuration class that reads environment variables for setup. It does not contain any malicious intent or behavior. The handling of sensitive data relies on environment variable security. No malware or malicious activity is evident. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}