{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for the CodeMie Plugins CLI, including configuration management, toolkit discovery, display helpers, and graceful shutdown registration.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration files (config.json, pyproject.toml), environment variables, and filesystem directories for toolkits.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes to configuration files, reads environment variables, imports modules dynamically, and manages asyncio tasks.",
  "flows": "Loads config -> checks environment -> imports modules -> manages asyncio tasks -> saves config",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic import with error handling, reads and parses pyproject.toml manually, and registers objects for shutdown via a built-in function if available.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard utility functions with no evident malicious code. It dynamically reads configuration and version info, discovers toolkits, and manages asyncio tasks. The dynamic import of toolkit modules appears controlled and is checked for existence. Environment variables are read securely without execution. The code avoids dangerous operations like executing arbitrary code or accessing sensitive data. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. Use of external libraries is typical for CLI utilities. The only potentially suspicious behavior is the dynamic import, but it is appropriately guarded with existence checks and error handling, and no malicious code is injected during import. The registration for graceful shutdown relies on an externally defined built-in function, which is not suspicious in this context. Overall, no malicious intent or malware is detected, and the security risk is minimal.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for CLI tools, with proper safeguards and no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. The dynamic import is controlled and not malicious. Overall, the code is safe, with no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}