{
  "purpose": "Provide utility functions for the CodeMie Plugins CLI, including configuration management, toolkit discovery, and display helpers.",
  "sources": "Reads from configuration files (config.json, pyproject.toml), environment variables, and filesystem (toolkit directories).",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include reading and writing JSON config files, importing modules dynamically, and cancelling asyncio tasks.",
  "flows": "Configuration values are read from environment variables or config files; modules are dynamically imported based on toolkit names; asyncio tasks are cancelled with suppressed exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. The dynamic import of toolkits based solely on directory presence is normal. No obfuscated code or unusual logic was identified. The function to register processes assumes a custom built-in function, which could be misuse if exploited, but this appears standard for shutdown handling.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical utility operations: reading config from JSON and environment variables, saving configs, discovering toolkit directories, dynamically importing modules, and managing asyncio tasks. All file and directory accesses seem standard and safe. The dynamic import based on directory structure is a common pattern, not inherently malicious. The use of regular expressions for version extraction from pyproject.toml is straightforward. The functions for cancelling tasks and registering shutdown objects are standard asyncio and threading practices. There are no signs of code injection, backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious logic. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious behavior are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be standard utility code with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It performs expected configuration, display, and module management tasks safely. No malware or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}