{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for managing configuration, displaying banners, discovering toolkits, and handling asynchronous tasks in the CodeMie Plugins CLI.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration files, environment variables, and the pyproject.toml for version info. Imports modules dynamically based on toolkit names.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include reading and writing JSON config files, dynamically importing modules, and cancelling asyncio tasks.",
  "flows": "Configuration values can flow from environment variables or files; toolkit names are used to dynamically import modules; asyncio task cancellation may suppress errors.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code observed. The dynamic import of toolkit modules could be misused if the toolkit directories are tampered with. No obfuscation or malicious obfuscation techniques present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of standard utility functions for configuration management, banner display, version retrieval, dynamic module discovery, and safe task cancellation. It reads configuration and version info from files and environment variables, with proper error handling. The dynamic import mechanism for toolkits checks for the existence of main.py files and imports modules accordingly, which could be exploited if toolkit directories are maliciously manipulated, but this is a controlled pattern typical of plugin systems. The task cancellation functions include measures to suppress exceptions. The registration function relies on a built-in hook that might be absent, but this is not suspicious. Overall, no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or covert data exfiltration are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard set of utility functions for CLI support, with no malicious behavior. The dynamic module import could pose a risk if toolkit directories are compromised, but within normal usage, it is a standard plugin pattern. No malware or malicious code detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}