{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to manage Azure AD B2C users via the Microsoft Graph API, including creating, updating, deleting, and retrieving user data.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user details from external systems (e.g., user_details dictionaries), and data fetched from API responses such as user information and tokens.",
  "sinks": "Data sinks include HTTP requests to Microsoft Graph API endpoints (e.g., creating, updating, deleting users), and JSON data being sent in request bodies.",
  "flows": "User details are used to build user objects; these are then sent via API requests to create or update users in Azure AD B2C. Tokens are fetched and used for authorization in API headers. Data retrieved from API calls is processed and filtered as needed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present, but passwords are hardcoded ('eightamAdmin!23', 'eightam!23') within code, which is insecure. The method of appending branch_id to email addresses might cause data consistency issues, but does not seem malicious. The code uses API calls with potential for information leakage if misused, but no evidence of malicious intent such as data exfiltration or backdoors is present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of Azure AD B2C user management functions with no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. Passwords are hardcoded, which is insecure but not malicious. The code interacts with external APIs securely using tokens, with no indication of malicious behaviors such as unauthorized data exfiltration, backdoors, or system damage. No malicious code injection, reverse shells, or privacy violations are evident. The use of string concatenation for email modification could be a source of bugs but not malicious. Overall, the code functions as intended for user management without exhibiting malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a user management utility for Azure AD B2C with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. Its main security concern is the use of hardcoded passwords, which is a security risk but not malicious per se. There are no indications of supply chain attacks or malicious code injections. Overall, the package appears to be for legitimate administrative purposes without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}