{
  "purpose": "Provide functionality to manage Azure AD B2C users via Microsoft Graph API, including creation, update, retrieval, and deletion.",
  "sources": "Input data from function parameters (user_details, user_id, email, etc.), environment variables indirectly through token_request_data, and API responses from Microsoft Graph.",
  "sinks": "API requests to Microsoft Graph endpoints for user management, and potential data leakage through JSON responses or request payloads.",
  "flows": "User input data flows into build_user_object functions, which generate JSON payloads sent to Microsoft Graph API. API responses are processed and returned to callers. Authorization tokens are retrieved via OAuth2 flows.",
  "anomalies": "Hardcoded passwords in build_local_user_object (e.g., 'eightamAdmin!23' and 'eightam!23') may indicate insecure defaults. The password is set directly in user details, potentially leading to predictable credentials. No evident code injection or obfuscation. Email modification with '+branch_id' is a simple string concatenation; no malicious intent detected. The code appears standard for API interaction; no backdoors or hidden behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard API interaction patterns with Azure AD B2C, including token retrieval, user creation, updating, retrieval, and deletion. Hardcoded passwords in build_local_user_object could pose security issues if not managed properly but do not constitute malicious behavior. The email modification technique with '+' is common for aliasing and does not indicate malicious activity. No obfuscated code, suspicious network activity, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The design relies on environment variables and function parameters, with no evident insecure practices beyond the hardcoded credentials.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily standard for managing Azure AD B2C users via Microsoft Graph API. The only noteworthy security concern is the presence of hardcoded default passwords, which could be exploited if not changed in production. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration are detected. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate user management code with minor security considerations.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}