{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions and a class to manage users in Azure AD B2C via the Microsoft Graph API, including creating, updating, deleting, and retrieving user information.",
  "sources": "Data sources include user input dictionaries (user_details, user_id, email), environment variables for tokens, and API responses.",
  "sinks": "API calls to Microsoft Graph endpoints for creating, updating, deleting, and retrieving users, as well as HTTP requests for token acquisition.",
  "flows": "User data from input sources flow into build functions which generate user objects, then into API calls for creation, update, or deletion. Token retrieval functions flow into API request headers.",
  "anomalies": "Use of hardcoded passwords ('eightamAdmin!23' and 'eightam!23') in build_local_user_object, which may be security risk. The email modification for branch_id appends '+' and branch_id to email local-part without sanitization. No explicit input validation or sanitization is evident for user inputs or email addresses. No suspicious obfuscation or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages user lifecycle operations with standard API interactions. The presence of hardcoded passwords in build_local_user_object constitutes a security concern, as these credentials are predictable and could be exploited if exposed. The email modification logic for branch_id could lead to issues if not properly validated, potentially enabling malformed email addresses. Other functions correctly use API requests and do not contain obfuscated or malicious logic. No backdoors, network exfiltration, or malicious behaviors are detected; however, hardcoded secrets pose a security risk. The overall structure aligns with typical user management code, with no suspicious code or malicious intent evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs user management operations for Azure AD B2C through the Microsoft Graph API, with no indication of malicious intent. The main concern is the hardcoded passwords, which are security risks but not malicious. No malware or sabotage behaviors are identified. Overall, it is standard user management code with a notable security risk due to embedded passwords.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}