{
  "purpose": "Defines data classes and utility functions for SQL lineage analysis, representing schema objects like tables, columns, functions, paths, subqueries, and context for query analysis.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from parameters in class constructors (e.g., name, uri, subquery, alias), and method arguments (e.g., subquery, alias, column).",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data are present; the code does not perform network, file I/O, or command execution directly.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are assigned to class attributes; no data flows to external systems or untrusted sinks. Methods like __str__ and to_source_columns generate strings or collections from internal data, without external effects.",
  "anomalies": "Use of escape_identifier_name for all input strings raises potential concern if that function is malicious, but it's likely for sanitization. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. No obfuscation, dynamic execution, or suspicious behaviors are apparent. Warnings are used for format notices but are benign. Exception handling is limited to input validation in table and function names.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data classes with methods for representation, equality, hashing, and some validation. It sanitizes inputs using escape_identifier_name, presumably for SQL safety. No network, file, or system commands are invoked. No input data is processed in a way that leads to data leaks or command injection. The only potential concern is reliance on escape_identifier_name, which could be malicious if improperly implemented, but likely intended for sanitization. The code is well-structured with no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of SQL object representations used in lineage analysis, with no evidence of malicious intent or harmful behavior. It relies on external functions for sanitization but does not perform dangerous operations itself. No malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}