{
  "purpose": "The code implements an OAuth 2.0 authorization server component managing authorization codes, access tokens, and refresh tokens, including token creation, validation, and scope handling.",
  "sources": "Input sources include authorization requests, token exchange requests, token refresh requests, and external data like subject identifiers and authorization codes stored in dictionaries or external storage.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include writing tokens and authorization codes to in-memory dictionaries or storage objects, and logging debug information; no data is sent over the network or written to system files.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (authorization requests, token exchanges) through validation and token creation functions, storing tokens and codes in internal dictionaries, with logging for debugging. No external data flows over the network.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains obfuscated class and method names, no hardcoded credentials or secrets, and extensive use of dynamically generated UUIDs for tokens. No clear malicious backdoors or hidden behavior detected. The code relies on external libraries and internal storage mechanisms without suspicious manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard OAuth 2.0 token management system with functions for creating authorization codes, issuing access and refresh tokens, validating tokens, and handling scope. It uses obfuscated naming but no signs of malicious code such as network exfiltration, reverse shells, or data theft. The token generation is in-memory or via provided storage classes, and no code injection, environment variable misuse, or system manipulation observed. The logging is for debugging and normal operation. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The obfuscation seems solely due to non-descriptive naming conventions rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical OAuth token management module with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The obfuscated names do not indicate malicious obfuscation but hinder readability. No external network activity or harmful actions are present. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate component with low security risk and malware likelihood.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}