{
  "purpose": "The code implements statistical analysis for Gage R&R measurement system variation using numpy, scipy, and enum. It calculates various metrics related to measurement system evaluation.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'data' numpy array passed to the GageRnR class during initialization. No external inputs or user inputs are explicitly read within the code.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations and returns results; it does not write data, send data over the network, or execute system commands. No sinks are present that could lead to data leaks or malicious effects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input numpy array through various calculation methods, generating statistical metrics such as means, variances, F-values, and P-values. No untrusted external data sources or outputs are identified.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, unusual code, or suspicious constructs are present. The code appears to be straightforward, focusing on statistical computations. No obfuscated code or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of Gage R&R statistical analysis, using numpy and scipy for numerical computations. It contains no input/output operations that could be malicious, and it does not interact with external systems or networks. It relies solely on data provided at instantiation. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious logic are found. The methods perform typical calculations for variance, F-test, and p-values, consistent with industry-standard approaches. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, purpose-driven statistical analysis module with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate statistical analysis implementation for Gage R&R measurements. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It solely performs data analysis based on input numpy arrays and returns results without external side effects.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}