{
  "purpose": "The code implements statistical analysis for Gage R&R (Repeatability and Reproducibility), a quality measurement tool used in manufacturing and quality control processes.",
  "sources": "Input data is provided via the constructor parameter 'data', which is a NumPy array, and optional 'labels'. The data is read in during class initialization and used throughout various calculation methods.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations and does not include any data sinks such as network communication, file writing, or external system calls. It uses standard libraries (NumPy, SciPy) for computations, which are common and not suspicious.",
  "flows": "Data flows from initialization through calculations: data input → statistical computations (mean, std, sum of deviations, variances, F/P values) → final results stored in self.result.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are present. The code strictly performs statistical calculations and data processing with no suspicious logic. There is no obfuscated code or unusual language features. The structure and flow are typical for a scientific computation module.",
  "analysis": "The code defines Enums and dictionaries for organized referencing of statistical components and results. The main classes, Statistics and GageRnR, perform statistical calculations on 3D numpy arrays, including means, variances, sum of squares, F and P-values. The calculations involve standard formulas for Gage R&R analysis and do not execute any external commands, network operations, or sensitive data handling. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious patterns are detected. Usage of NumPy and SciPy libraries is standard for scientific computing. No obfuscation, malware, or malicious behaviors are present. The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of Gage R&R analysis functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward, well-structured implementation of statistical analysis for Gage R&R, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It employs standard scientific libraries for calculations and does not include any suspicious or malicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}