{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions for preparing OAuth 1.0a authorization headers, form-encoded bodies, and URI queries, mainly for signing requests according to the OAuth specification.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as oauth_params, headers, realm, body, and uri. It also uses external functions extract_params and urlencode from oauthlib.common.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs HTTP headers, query strings, and request bodies that may include OAuth parameters. These outputs could potentially be used in HTTP requests, but there are no direct data leaks or malicious actions performed by this code.",
  "flows": "Input oauth_params and other parameters are processed, escaped, and inserted into headers or URL components. The functions build authorization headers, append OAuth parameters to request bodies, and modify URI query strings, passing sanitized data through encoding and string formatting functions.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code primarily performs encoding, string concatenation, and URL parsing, consistent with standard OAuth signing procedures.",
  "analysis": "The code follows standard OAuth 1.0a protocol implementations for preparing headers and request components. It uses proper encoding functions and safe string operations. No dynamic code execution, network communication, or system commands are present. The functions are designed for correct OAuth request signing. External functions like 'extract_params' and 'urlencode' are assumed safe and standard. There are no signs of obfuscated or malicious code. The code's purpose aligns with legitimate OAuth signing processes, and it does not introduce security risks beyond the standard handling of OAuth parameters.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of OAuth request preparation functions. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It safely processes OAuth parameters and constructs HTTP headers and URL components for OAuth 1.0a compliance. No malware or suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}