{
  "purpose": "Implement a rate limiting mechanism for the WhiteBit MCP server API to prevent exceeding quotas and ensure fair usage.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data for rate limits, timestamps of requests, and API endpoint names from function arguments, class attributes, and internal data structures.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the asyncio.sleep call which waits for rate limit resets, and the logging functions that could be exploited to leak sensitive info if misused in a broader context.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves checking if a request can be made via can_request(), waiting if necessary, then recording the request with add_request(). The flow is straightforward and self-contained within the rate limiting logic.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks are present. The code strictly implements standard rate limiting logic without obfuscation or unusual language features. No suspicious external network connections or data exfiltration code are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a well-structured rate limiter with configurable rules, utilizing timestamps to enforce API request quotas. It uses standard Python modules, with no evidence of malicious payloads or external malicious interactions. Logging is used for transparency, not malicious purposes. The request handling logic appears safe, with no indication of data leakage or harmful actions. The global rate limiter is a common pattern, and the decorator facilitates seamless integration into async functions. The code is clear, purpose-driven, and lacks malicious or suspicious elements.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a rate limiting system without any signs of malicious intent or security risks. It contains no malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling. Overall, it appears safe and compliant with expected functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}