{
  "purpose": "This code extends and customizes the HR expense sheet and expense models in Odoo to handle budget management, approval workflows, and related actions.",
  "sources": "Reads include model fields (expense_line_ids, sheet_id, account_move_ids, etc.), environment variables (context), and method parameters. Data is also read during method calls such as recompute_budget_move, unlink, and action methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods that modify data (write, unlink, recompute_budget_move, commit_budget), and the use of super() calls that perform database operations. No direct data leaks or external calls are visible.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources such as expense lines, sheet approval states, and environment context into functions that modify or recompute budgets, move lines, and validation processes. No external or network flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious external calls, or unusual code patterns. The code mainly consists of standard Odoo model extensions and workflow controls. The code appears well-structured with no obfuscation or hidden behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code extends Odoo models to manage HR expense sheets and expenses, adding budget move management, approval workflows, and validation. It relies on Odoo's ORM for data access and updates, with no signs of malicious code. The use of environment variables (context) and super() methods are standard. No external network interactions, code injection, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The logic appears aligned with normal application behavior for budget and expense management. There are no suspicious or malicious behaviors identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements typical workflow and budget management functions in Odoo, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It is well-structured and uses standard practices without obfuscation or malicious features. Overall, the code is safe based on the provided snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}