{
  "purpose": "The code provides a build interface for creating obfuscated Python wheels using pyarmor, setuptools, and wheel, with custom processing of the wheel files.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from 'pyproject.toml', 'setup.py', files in the package source directory, wheel files, and configuration data via pip's internal configuration.",
  "sinks": "Executes pyarmor obfuscation ('pyarmor_main'), unpacks and repacks wheel files ('WheelFile', 'pack'), and writes to RECORD files. Uses 'shutil.rmtree' for cleanup.",
  "flows": "Reads configuration and package files -> builds wheel with setuptools -> unpacks wheel -> applies obfuscation via pyarmor -> modifies wheel contents -> repacks wheel -> cleans up temporary files.",
  "anomalies": "Uses internal pip configuration ('pip._internal.configuration') which is unconventional; runs 'pyarmor_main' with obfuscation options that include paths, but the obfuscation process itself appears standard. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obvious backdoors or hidden code. The code dynamically manipulates wheel files and applies obfuscation, which could potentially hide malicious code if 'pyarmor_main' is malicious, but 'pyarmor_main' is a known obfuscator. No suspicious network activity or system calls outside intended build process.",
  "analysis": "The script orchestrates building and obfuscating Python wheel files. It reads build configurations, modifies build options, unpacks wheels, applies obfuscation, appends runtime files, and repacks the wheel. The use of 'pyarmor' suggests obfuscation for security or license protection. No direct malicious activity is evident. However, because 'pyarmor_main' is invoked with parameters that can include arbitrary files, if 'pyarmor' is malicious or compromised, it could execute harmful obfuscation routines. The code does not contain network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The cleanup step removes temporary build directories, which is standard. Overall, the code appears to be a controlled build script with obfuscation functionality; no malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a build and obfuscation tool for Python wheels, leveraging pyarmor. No malicious activity or backdoors are evident. Potential concerns depend on the trustworthiness of 'pyarmor', but within this script, no malicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}