{
  "purpose": "Analysis of open-source dependency code for malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks, focusing on suspicious patterns, obfuscation, and malicious indicators.",
  "sources": "Input data from environment variables, user inputs, network connections, dynamic code execution points (eval/exec), hardcoded secrets, misleading variable names.",
  "sinks": "Network communication, file system modifications, environment variable access, potential data exfiltration points, dynamic code execution results.",
  "flows": "Sources such as environment variables or user inputs flow into eval/exec or network functions, potentially leading to malicious actions or data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval/exec with untrusted data, hardcoded credentials, obfuscated variable names, complex or misleading logic, dynamic code execution, suspicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code exhibits varying levels of suspicious behavior across reports. Reports 1-3 show benign, straightforward code with no malicious indicators. Report 4 demonstrates significant suspicious activity, including hardcoded credentials, dynamic code execution with untrusted input, obfuscation, and network activity, indicating high risk. Report 5 shows some obfuscation and risky features like eval/exec but lacks concrete malicious payloads. Based on the evidence, the malware score for report 4 should be increased from 0.4 to approximately 0.5 to better reflect the potential maliciousness. Obfuscation scores in reports 4 and 5 are justified at 0.6 and 0.2 respectively, but an overall obfuscation estimate around 0.3-0.4 is appropriate. The security risk scores align with the suspicious behaviors, with moderate overall risk. The confidence levels are consistent with the evidence provided.",
  "conclusion": "Most reports correctly identify benign code with low risk. Report 4 indicates notable suspicious activity, warranting a higher malware score (~0.5). Report 5's behaviors suggest moderate suspicion; increasing malware to ~0.5 and obfuscation to ~0.4 improves accuracy. Overall, the security risk remains moderate (~0.4-0.5). The scores should be adjusted to better reflect the observed behaviors, especially in report 4, to ensure accurate risk assessment.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.35,
  "malware": 0.5,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}