{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and methods for registering, managing, and calling user-defined table functions (UDTFs) in Snowflake's Snowpark environment, including support for vectorized processing, from local files or inline code.",
  "sources": "Input data from user-provided handler classes, input arguments to UDTFs, external file paths, and environment variables related to stage locations and package imports.",
  "sinks": "Generated SQL expressions, stage uploads, and registration artifacts. No direct data leakage or untrusted data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Handler classes and file paths flow into registration functions, which generate ASTs, upload files to stages, and create UDTFs. Input arguments and configuration parameters flow into registration processes. No untrusted data is directly passed to system sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behavior detected. The code uses standard SDK functions for registration, with no evident obfuscation or malicious obfuscation techniques. All external interactions are related to standard file uploads, imports, and registration steps.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of UDTF registration and invocation in Snowflake, involving file handling, AST creation, import resolution, and environment checks. It uses well-structured APIs and handles exceptions carefully, including cleanup on failure. There are no signs of malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or covert network activity. The functions rely on standard SDK modules, and all external interactions are consistent with normal UDTF registration workflows. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious network connections, or code injections are present. The code primarily manages registration metadata, file uploads, and configuration, with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate and standard implementation of Snowflake UDTF registration with no evidence of malicious activity. It handles registration workflows securely, with appropriate exception handling and no suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}