{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and methods for registering and invoking user-defined table functions (UDTFs) in Snowflake, allowing Python classes or functions to be used as table functions within Snowflake's environment.",
  "sources": "Reading input data from user-provided classes or functions, function arguments, file paths for external Python files, and environment variables for stage locations, external integrations, and secrets.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks via secrets or environment variables; registration processes involving file uploads and external stage access; function execution that may access external resources or secrets.",
  "flows": "Input data from handler classes or files flows into registration functions; registration parameters flow into UDTF creation and deployment; files and secrets may be uploaded to stages during registration; UDTFs are invoked via generated TableFunctionCall objects which may access secrets or external stages.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation. It uses standard Snowflake APIs and methods for registering Python UDTFs. There are extensive options for external files, secrets, and stage locations, which could be abused if misused, but are legitimate for UDTF registration. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, such as system calls, network communication, or data exfiltration, are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for registering and invoking user-defined table functions in Snowflake, including mechanisms for local or remote file registration, handling of external imports and packages, and detailed parameters for security and performance. It handles the creation of UDTFs via standard APIs, uploads files to stages, and manages registration metadata. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as hidden network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors. All operations involve standard registration, registration validation, and function invocation procedures. The use of external files, secrets, and stages is consistent with legitimate UDTF deployment processes. No suspicious data flows or anomalous code patterns are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of UDTF registration and invocation in Snowflake's Python environment. It handles external files, secrets, and stages securely and provides flexible options for UDTF creation. There are no indications of malicious intent or sabotage within this code. Its design is consistent with legitimate deployment of user-defined functions, with appropriate safeguards and external resource management. Overall, the code appears safe and free of malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}