{
  "purpose": "This code imports internal modules and functions related to an agent system, sets the __all__ variable for exports, and attempts to run a subprocess to import a module from 'shopeeloggingtool'.",
  "sources": "The code reads from internal modules (_internal.sp_agent, _internal.constant, errors, version) and executes subprocess commands.",
  "sinks": "The subprocess calls are potential sinks where untrusted input could lead to code execution or system commands if inputs are manipulated, but in this static analysis, they are hardcoded commands.",
  "flows": "The import statements are straightforward, with no flow of untrusted data. The subprocess commands execute fixed strings; no external data is involved.",
  "anomalies": "The subprocess calls execute Python commands that import 'shopeeloggingtool'. The second attempt ignores errors and suppresses warnings. These subprocess calls are unusual because they run code dynamically, which could be suspicious if the inputs were variable. The code does not handle or sanitize any external input here but executing code via subprocess is noteworthy.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily imports internal modules and functions, which is typical for a package. The __all__ list defines what is publicly accessible. The subprocess commands run fixed Python commands that import a module from 'shopeeloggingtool'. Although they do not use external input, executing code via subprocess, especially with 'python -c', can be exploited if manipulated. The second attempt suppresses warnings and continues silently on failure. There is no evidence of data leakage, hardcoded secrets, or malicious payloads in the static code, but the pattern of executing code via subprocess warrants caution.\n\nOverall, the subprocess calls are unusual but not explicitly malicious in this static snapshot. No network communication or suspicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily for importing internal modules and functions, with unusual subprocess calls that dynamically execute Python code importing a module. These subprocess executions could be suspicious if manipulated or if they run untrusted code, but in this static analysis, they appear to be benign. No malicious behavior or supply chain attack indicators are evident, though the subprocess pattern is worth monitoring.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}