{
  "purpose": "The code primarily imports internal modules, constants, errors, and version information, and attempts to run a subprocess executing code from 'shopeeloggingtool'.",
  "sources": "The code reads internal module attributes, constants, errors, and version info. It also reads from the subprocess command arguments and attempts to execute a subprocess with specified commands.",
  "sinks": "The subprocess.Popen calls are potential sinks if the commands are influenced by untrusted input, but here they are static. No other external data input sources are present.",
  "flows": "The code flows from importing modules and constants, then attempts to execute a subprocess with fixed commands. If the first subprocess fails, it falls back to a second command, which also uses static strings.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual behavior includes the subprocess calls executing Python code that imports 'shopeeloggingtool.dist_util' without clear context. This might be an attempt to trigger or invoke external code. No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or obfuscation are present. The fallback command suppresses warnings, which is somewhat suspicious but not malicious by itself.",
  "analysis": "The script imports multiple modules and constants, then makes two attempts to spawn subprocesses executing specific Python code. Both subprocess commands are static and do not incorporate user input, reducing risk of injection. The purpose of executing 'import shopeeloggingtool.dist_util' is unclear but could be part of a legitimate process or an attempt to load external code. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration code are evident. The use of try-except blocks indicates an attempt to silently fail, which can be suspicious but also can be normal in fallback mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard import setup with an additional subprocess execution that attempts to load external utility code from 'shopeeloggingtool'. There is no clear malicious activity or malicious intent observed. The subprocess calls could be benign or potentially malicious if the 'shopeeloggingtool' package is compromised, but based on this code alone, no malicious behavior is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}