{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of build, package, upload, clean, and test tasks for a Python project using Invoke. It primarily orchestrates calling functions from project modules for building and deployment processes.",
  "sources": "import statements, especially dynamic imports within task functions (e.g., 'from wowool.lingware.build...'), Path operations, subprocess call to 'run' in 'package_all', and environment variables indirectly through imported modules.",
  "sinks": "The subprocess 'run' command in 'package_all', dynamic imports, and any data passed into task parameters (e.g., 'context', 'verbose', 'pattern') that could influence command execution or function behavior.",
  "flows": "No explicit flow of untrusted data from external sources to sinks is evident. The subprocess command executes a fixed command with controlled parameters, and the rest are internal function calls. Dynamic import statements are static and controlled by the code structure.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'shell=True' in subprocess.run which could pose command injection risks if parameters are derived from untrusted input (although in this code, parameters appear static). No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are visible. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up various build and deployment tasks using Invoke, with imports confined to internal modules. The only potentially risky part is the 'run' command in 'package_all', which uses 'shell=True'. However, the command string appears constructed with controlled variables, and no user input is directly incorporated into it. The dynamic import statements are within task functions and rely on internal modules. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. The structure is typical for build scripts and does not exhibit malware behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build and deployment script for a Python project, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. The only minor concern is the use of 'shell=True' in subprocess, but in this context, it appears safe as command parameters are controlled. Overall, it does not contain malware or suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}