{
  "purpose": "This script defines build, package, upload, clean, and test tasks for a Python project using Invoke, facilitating automation of common development workflows.",
  "sources": "Imports from os, pathlib, invoke, logging, shutil, and internal wowool.lingware modules; user input via function parameters (fp_root, clean, verbose, etc.).",
  "sinks": "Execution of subprocess command 'python -m build --wheel' via run(), dynamic import and function execution from internal modules, and file system operations like rmtree and file uploads.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., fp_root, clean, etc.) influence filesystem operations and subprocess execution; function calls within tasks handle build/upload procedures; run() executes external build commands.",
  "anomalies": "Use of shell=True in subprocess.run(), which could pose risks if inputs are manipulated, though currently inputs appear controlled. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments identified. The dynamic import of internal modules is standard for such build scripts. No obfuscated code, no suspicious network activity, no data leaks detected.",
  "analysis": "The code predominantly manages build tasks and packaging workflows. It dynamically imports internal modules and executes system commands for building Python packages. The use of subprocess with shell=True warrants attention, but as the command is static and based on controlled parameters, it is not inherently malicious. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code does not handle untrusted input in a way that could lead to command injection or data leaks. The structure and logic are typical for automation scripts, with no suspicious or malicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an automation script for project build and deployment tasks. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks based on the analysis. The use of subprocess with shell=True is acceptable given the static command, but in a different context could pose risks. Overall, the code appears safe and intended solely for project management purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}