{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of build, package, upload, clean, and test tasks for a Python project, utilizing the Invoke task execution library. It mainly orchestrates project workflows such as building language and domain files, packaging, deploying, cleaning, and testing.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from environment via import statements, function parameters, and file system checks. It also reads configuration paths like 'fp_root' and dynamically imports modules based on function calls.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks are evident; no code explicitly executes untrusted input, writes sensitive data, or connects to external systems without validation. subprocess.run is used for packaging, but it is called with controlled parameters.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-supplied 'fp_root' path through filesystem checks, and into functions that perform filesystem operations or invoke subprocesses. No untrusted external data sources or external command execution with untrusted input is detected.",
  "anomalies": "The use of 'shell=True' in subprocess.run could be risky if parameters were untrusted; however, here it is used with controlled command strings. No hardcoded secrets or unusual code patterns are present. The code mainly dynamically imports modules and manages task execution flow.",
  "analysis": "The script is a structured task orchestrator for project build, package, deploy, clean, and test operations. It uses safe imports, controlled file operations, and subprocess calls with static commands. No suspicious code, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. No obfuscation or malicious data leakage mechanisms are detected. The code does not process untrusted external input for execution beyond standard filesystem and module imports, and subprocess calls are safely controlled.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate build and deployment script without any malicious intent. It employs standard Python practices for project automation, with no signs of malware, backdoors, or security risks. The use of subprocess with controlled parameters is safe in this context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}