{
  "purpose": "This script sets up build, package, upload, clean, and test tasks for a Python project using Invoke, focusing on language and domain files within the wowool.lingware.build package.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (os, pathlib, shutil, logging), and dynamic imports within task functions (e.g., wowool.lingware.build.*, wowool.build.pypi, wowool.lingware.unittest.unittest). Data is read from parameters (fp_root, clean, verbose, etc.), environment via getcwd(), and internal function calls.",
  "sinks": "Execution of subprocess commands (run in package_all), dynamic imports and function calls, file system modifications (rmtree, Path operations), and logging. The subprocess call executes shell command 'python -m build --wheel', which could potentially be misused if input is manipulated, but here it appears static. No direct network or data exfiltration code detected.",
  "flows": "Input from parameters and getcwd() feeds into directory paths, which are then used in file operations, subprocess calls, and import functions. The subprocess in package_all executes a build command; no external untrusted data flows into this command in the provided code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code detected. All dynamic imports and subprocess calls appear to be standard for build automation. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The use of 'shell=True' in subprocess.run is generally discouraged but not inherently malicious here, given static input. No evidence of malicious data exfiltration or stealthy behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple Invoke tasks for building, packaging, uploading, cleaning, and testing a Python project. It dynamically imports modules for project-specific build steps, which are standard in build scripts. The subprocess call in package_all executes a build command; however, the input appears static and controlled. No external data sources, network communications, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code structure and usage align with typical build automation practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard build and deployment script for a Python project, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It primarily manages filesystem operations, subprocess execution of build commands, and dynamic task registration. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}