{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive class for creating, customizing, and saving various types of plots using Plotly, including pie charts, heatmaps, and standard line/bar charts, with support for annotations and layout adjustments.",
  "sources": "Data is read from pandas DataFrame objects, specifically from columns specified in function parameters and from the DataFrame index for time series. User inputs influence file save paths and plot options.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink points include the 'save_fig' method where file paths are constructed with os.path.join using user-supplied 'save_directory'. Annotations and plot configurations are generated from DataFrame data and user options.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DataFrame columns into plot traces; user inputs influence file paths and plot options; the save_fig method writes images or HTML files based on constructed paths.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious anomalies detected. Minor concern about the use of user-controlled 'save_directory' without validation, which could lead to directory traversal if exploited.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard visualization utility leveraging Plotly and pandas, with functions for plotting various chart types, adding annotations, and saving figures. It does not perform network operations, data exfiltration, or contain obfuscated code. The only potential security concern is the handling of file paths in 'save_fig', which could be exploited for directory traversal if inputs are malicious. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is present. The obfuscation score is 0, given the code's clarity. The security risk score is set at 0.2 to reflect the minor path validation concern, which is a common security consideration but not indicative of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured data visualization utility with no malware or malicious intent. The only minor security consideration involves validating user-supplied file paths to prevent directory traversal. The assigned scores are appropriate and consistent with the code's behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}