{
  "purpose": "The code is a Python class designed for creating, customizing, and exporting various types of plots and charts using Plotly, primarily for data visualization purposes in analytical or reporting contexts.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from pandas DataFrames (e.g., df, axes_data), and also uses input parameters such as file paths, configuration options, and annotation data provided through function arguments and class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include file writing operations (save_fig method writes images or HTML files), and any plot annotations or external display functions. No network operations or data exfiltration appear directly embedded in this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from pandas DataFrames through plotting functions, with potential user-supplied configuration options influencing layout and data processing. Data is used for visualization and exported via file saves; annotations and figures are constructed based on data and options.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns detected; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. The code primarily focuses on visualization with standard library calls. There are no signs of obfuscation, code injection, or malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive plotting utility that leverages Plotly and pandas for data visualization. It handles multiple chart types, including pie, heatmap, line, bar, and area charts, with extensive options for customization, annotations, and export. No network operations, data leaks, or malicious functions are present. All data handling appears standard for visualization purposes. The functions include file saving and display logic, which are common in such tools. The code does not include any suspicious dynamic code execution, hidden backdoors, or malicious intent. Overall, it seems to be a legitimate visualization library component with no malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, complex visualization utility for plotting with Plotly, handling multiple chart types and exporting figures. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The code appears to serve legitimate data visualization purposes, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}