{
  "purpose": "The code implements functions for calculating infidelity metrics for model explanations, specifically for attribution methods. It provides utilities for perturbing inputs, computing the infidelity score, and handling input/baseline formatting.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function arguments such as 'inputs', 'attributions', 'baselines', and 'additional_forward_args'. Data can also originate from 'forward_func' computations and perturbation functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows include calls to 'forward_func', 'perturb_func', and 'torch.repeat_interleave'. These functions produce tensors that are used for calculations but do not directly cause side effects like network or file operations.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the 'inputs', 'baselines', and 'attributions' variables through formatting and expansion functions; then through perturbation generation; followed by model forward passes; then to attribution and perturbation product calculations; finally leading to the infidelity score output.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs no obvious anomalous or malicious operations. It employs standard PyTorch tensor operations and utility functions for attribution analysis. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks are evident. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of infidelity metric computation for explanation evaluation. It includes input validation, tensor formatting, batching, and calculation of mean squared errors between model outputs and input perturbations. All functions perform legitimate tensor operations without side effects or external network/file interactions. The use of utility functions from 'captum' and 'torch' aligns with typical model interpretability tasks. There are no signs of hidden malicious behavior or sabotage. The code appears well-structured for its purpose and does not contain obfuscation or suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate implementation of infidelity metrics for model explanation validation. It contains no malicious or suspicious behavior. The logic is standard, with no evidence of sabotage, data exfiltration, or harmful operations. It is safe for use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 2
}