{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for computing infidelity scores for model explanations, particularly attribution methods, using input perturbations. It includes decorators for perturbation functions, input validation, and batch processing to evaluate the quality of explanation methods.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data, baselines, and attribution scores from function arguments. It also reads additional arguments for model forward passes and target labels.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe operations include model forward passes, tensor manipulations, and input perturbation calculations. These could lead to data leakage if inputs contain sensitive information, or misuse if model outputs are exploited maliciously.",
  "flows": "Inputs are formatted and validated; perturbations are generated; model is invoked on perturbed inputs; attribution scores are expanded; and then tensor operations compute the infidelity metrics, forming source-to-sink flows.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code constructs, hardcoded secrets, or hidden behaviors are observed. The code uses standard tensor operations, decorators, and model invocation patterns. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious network operations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured into utility functions for perturbation generation, validation, and calculation of infidelity scores. It handles batching, input formatting, and model evaluation with safeguards against unsupported features like futures. There are no signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, network communication, or backdoors. The functions rely on standard tensor operations and model calls, with careful validation and handling of inputs. The overall design aligns with typical explanation evaluation procedures without suspicious or malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation for assessing explanation fidelity through input perturbations, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It securely processes model inputs and explanations, performing batch computations and validations. There are no indications of malware, data leakage, or other security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}