{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a setup script for building and installing a Python package with C++ extension modules, specifically for OCR-related functionality involving Tesseract.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (TRAVIS_TAG), filesystem files ('README.md'), and package metadata. Loads C++ source files via glob('src/*.cpp').",
  "sinks": "Uses environment variables, file reading (possibly sensitive info), and runs compilation commands with compiler flags.",
  "flows": "Environment variable TRAVIS_TAG -> package version setting; filesystem 'README.md' -> package description; C++ source files -> compilation and extension building.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable names (e.g., jKBknUyRCSUpBGTHsTEIlDULSMqOuqBK, KEqXVsDEzWJhExeTxqLARxIAwktUOifr), dynamic import of 'pybind11', aggressive cleanup of 'var' directory at script end, and inline complex functions for compiler feature detection. No hardcoded credentials or network activity observed.",
  "analysis": "The script performs typical package setup tasks with obfuscated variable names, possibly to hinder analysis. It dynamically determines package version from environment, reads source files for extension compilation, and configures compiler options based on platform and compiler capabilities. The inclusion of 'pybind11' suggests extension with C++ code for performance. The removal of 'var' directory at the end is unusual but not malicious. No evidence of network activity, credential handling, or hidden backdoors was found. Obfuscation appears to be an attempt to complicate static analysis but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard (albeit obfuscated) setup script for building a Python package with C++ extensions. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. The obfuscation does not appear malicious but may be intended to hinder analysis. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}