{
  "purpose": "This code implements an API client for the TypeForm service, allowing requests to be made to the API with proper headers and data handling.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the token parameter in __init__, the method, url, data, params, and headers in request, and the API_BASE_URL constant. It reads token, method, url, data, params, and headers, as well as response text.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the requests.request call, which sends HTTP requests with user-provided method, URL, headers, and data. JSON serialization occurs before sending data. The response is processed with json.loads and potential exceptions are handled.",
  "flows": "Source: token and request parameters → request() method → buildUrlWithParams and mergeDict for URL and headers → requests.request call → response processing in __validator → potential exception raising or return of parsed body.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses mutable default arguments for headers and data (empty dicts), which is a known Python anti-pattern but not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code are present. No obfuscation or malicious code is detected. The code appears straightforward and standard for an API client.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard API request handling: merging headers, serializing data to JSON, making HTTP requests, and parsing JSON responses. It properly handles error responses by raising exceptions. No suspicious behaviors, backdoors, or malicious activities are present. The code uses a helper function buildUrlWithParams which could be scrutinized if available, but its usage appears normal. Overall, the code does not contain malware or security vulnerabilities based on the provided snippet.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical API client implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. Minor code practices such as default mutable arguments are present but do not pose security threats. The code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}