{
  "purpose": "A client for interacting with the TypeForm API via HTTP requests, handling request setup, sending, and response validation.",
  "sources": "Token provided during initialization, data, headers, URL parameters, and request method.",
  "sinks": "The requests.request call where untrusted input could influence the URL, headers, or data sent over the network.",
  "flows": "Input data (token, headers, request data, URL params) flow into request construction; request is sent via requests.request; response is validated and returned.",
  "anomalies": "Use of default mutable headers argument; no explicit validation of token or other inputs; dynamic request construction is typical but not inherently suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs HTTP requests to the API using user-supplied tokens, data, headers, and parameters. The mergeDict function merges headers, which could potentially lead to overriding important headers if misused but is not malicious itself. The request method builds request URL and headers, serializes data as JSON if it's a dict or list, and sends the request. Response handling attempts JSON parsing; if an error occurs, it defaults to an empty dict. Error conditions raise exceptions with messages from the response body or reason. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive information are stored; the token is supplied externally. The code does not execute untrusted input or perform any malicious actions. There are no signs of backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior. Use of mutable default argument for headers is a minor concern but not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a standard API client with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client implementation that interacts with an external service. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The only minor concern is the mutable default argument for headers, which is a common issue but not security-related. Overall, the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}