{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes and methods to interact with Databricks workspace via API, including listing directories, importing, and exporting files.",
  "sources": "Input sources include file reads (import_source method), API responses from requests (requests.get/post), and potentially user-supplied parameters (paths, tokens).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are API requests (requests.get/post), file writes (open/write), and base64 encoding/decoding, which could be misused if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file inputs or API responses into processing functions (like base64 encoding/decoding), then to API requests or file outputs. For example, file content is read and base64 encoded before API import; API responses are decoded and written to files.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The base64 encoding in _payload is unconventional but not malicious. No hardcoded credentials found, but the token is expected to be supplied externally. API URL construction may improperly handle URLs if databricks_url lacks proper formatting.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a straightforward API client for Databricks workspace operations. It encodes file content into base64 for import, decodes API response content for export, and reads from files for import. No suspicious behaviors such as hidden network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. However, the base64 encoding/decoding steps could be misused if untrusted input is provided; the API token handling depends on external input, which could be sensitive. The code does not perform any operations that would constitute malware or malicious behavior. The overall structure is typical of API wrapper classes, with proper separation of concerns. No anomalies suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client for Databricks workspace management and file import/export operations. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected. It processes and transfers data securely via API calls and file operations, with no signs of malware or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}