{
  "purpose": "This module provides classes and functions to handle OAuth2.0 / OIDC tokens, including ID tokens, access tokens, and serialization utilities, for authentication and authorization workflows.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from token strings, JWT claims, and cryptographic keys. It accesses environment via class properties and method parameters, and utilizes external libraries for cryptography and requests.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include cryptographic operations, token validation, and serialization/deserialization. Sensitive data like tokens and cryptographic keys are processed and validated within the code.",
  "flows": "Tokens and cryptographic keys are input into validation functions, which verify signatures, issuer, audience, nonce, and other claims. The validation process involves decrypting encrypted tokens, checking signatures, and comparing claim values, then possibly raising exceptions or returning validated tokens.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are evident. Usage of cryptography libraries appears standard. The serialization methods employ compression and encoding, but this is typical for session storage. No obfuscated or malicious constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard OAuth2.0 / OIDC token handling, including token validation, signature verification, claim checks, and serialization. It makes appropriate use of cryptography libraries and adheres to protocol specifications. No suspicious behaviors such as network data exfiltration, system modifications, or hidden backdoors are present. The code's complexity is consistent with typical token processing logic. External dependencies are reputable and used for common purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of OAuth2.0 / OIDC token management, with no indications of malicious intent or security sabotage. It properly validates tokens, manages cryptographic verification, and serializes tokens for storage. No malware behaviors or supply chain security issues are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}