{
  "purpose": "Define regex patterns for identifying variable references in SQL code and set up logging and custom exceptions for SQL content handling.",
  "sources": "The regex patterns read SQL code strings to identify variable references; logging setup may read configuration or environment variables if configured elsewhere.",
  "sinks": "The regex patterns are not inherently sinks, but if used unsafely in constructing SQL queries, they could contribute to vulnerabilities like SQL injection. Logging may expose sensitive data if misconfigured.",
  "flows": "Input SQL code is matched against regex patterns to identify variables, which could be used downstream to generate or modify queries. Logging could output sensitive information if configured improperly.",
  "anomalies": "The regex patterns include comments indicating some platform-specific assumptions (e.g., PostgreSQL, MySQL). There are no obvious malicious or backdoor constructs. The code contains placeholder comments (FIXME, NOTE) suggesting incomplete implementation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two regex patterns intended to identify variable references in SQL code, with support for quoted strings to avoid false positives. The patterns include comments about platform-specific behaviors and potential improvements. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or credential handling is present. The logging setup is minimal, with no immediate evidence of malicious behavior. Custom exception classes are standard and do not pose security risks. Overall, the code appears to be utility functions for SQL parsing, with no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This source code consists of regex patterns for parsing SQL variables and basic exception and logging setup. There are no signs of malicious behavior or malware. The code may be incomplete or in development, but as presented, it is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}