{
  "purpose": "The code defines Pulumi resource classes for managing Docker image tags, specifically creating, referencing, and manipulating Docker tags within infrastructure as code.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters from function arguments, environment variables (implicitly via Pulumi's resource management), and Pulumi's internal property management functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include property getters/setters that may log or expose data, but there are no apparent data leaks or unsafe operations. No network calls, file writes, or external system interactions are present in this snippet.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are set during resource creation, stored in Pulumi properties, and retrieved via getter methods. No untrusted data flows into system commands or external calls.",
  "anomalies": "The code is auto-generated with a warning indicating it should not be manually edited. It does not contain obfuscated code, unusual control flow, or suspicious constructs. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious behaviors are evident. The only potential concern is reliance on external Docker images and resource properties, but these are standard for Pulumi resources.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical Pulumi resource definition for Docker image tags, generated by a code generator tool (Pulumi Terraform Bridge). It includes class definitions, property getters/setters, and resource initialization logic. No network activity, no file I/O, and no data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code structure is straightforward and adheres to standard Pulumi SDK patterns. No malicious or suspicious activity is evident. The code is well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard, auto-generated Pulumi resource class for managing Docker tags. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It is safe to use from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}