{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes to generate SQL-MR/Analytical queries, UAF queries, and stored procedure calls for Teradata systems, primarily for use within analytics workflows.",
  "sources": "Input data includes function names, SQL argument lists, table/view references, filter expressions, and argument values, which are passed via class constructors and method parameters.",
  "sinks": "Generated SQL strings such as SELECT statements, invocation commands (e.g., GLM(...)), and stored procedure calls. These strings are returned or used for execution in a database context.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., function names, arguments, filters) through internal methods that assemble SQL strings, involving string concatenation, argument processing, and clause generation, leading to execution commands like SELECT or CALL.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors observed. The code dynamically constructs SQL queries based on user inputs but does not directly execute or transmit data externally. The use of class methods for query building appears standard and controlled.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a query builder for Teradata SQL-MR, UAF, and stored procedures. It utilizes input parameters to generate SQL strings with appropriate clauses. The only potential concern is the dynamic string construction which could, if misused externally, lead to SQL injection vulnerabilities. However, no direct execution or data transmission occurs within this code segment. The code relies on proper input validation elsewhere. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. It does not contain any logic to send system data over the network, connect to suspicious domains, or perform unauthorized system actions. The use of string formatting for SQL string assembly is standard for query generation, assuming external inputs are sanitized appropriately. Overall, this code does not exhibit malware behavior or security risks in its current form.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate query generation module for Teradata analytics, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs dynamic SQL string construction based on inputs, which is typical for such utilities. There are no indicators of malware, backdoors, or external data exfiltration. The main security consideration is ensuring that inputs used for string concatenation are validated elsewhere to prevent SQL injection.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}