{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and configures Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) settings for a Flask application, allowing controlled cross-origin HTTP requests based on specified resource patterns and options.",
  "sources": "Request path (request.path), request headers (implicitly via CORS headers), application configuration (get_cors_options, app attributes), resources parameter (pattern and options).",
  "sinks": "set_cors_headers function, which sets CORS-related headers in the HTTP response.",
  "flows": "Normalized request path from unquote_plus -> matching against resource regex patterns -> if matched, invoke set_cors_headers to modify response headers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code; use of regular expressions for resource matching is expected for flexible URL handling. No obfuscated code or hidden behavior observed. The logging of CORS configurations appears standard and non-malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured way to apply CORS headers based on resource path matching using regex patterns. It includes proper modular functions for configuration parsing, matching, and response modification. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior such as network communication to suspicious domains, backdoors, or unauthorized data access is evident. The logic primarily deals with setting headers conditionally based on request path matches. The use of Flask's after_request and exception handling wrappers appears standard and safe. No signs of hardcoded credentials, malicious code, or obfuscation are present. All functions and flow control mechanisms seem legitimate, aiming to enforce security policies on cross-origin requests.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of CORS middleware for Flask with no malicious intent. It correctly applies headers based on configurable resource patterns, and there are no signs of malware or security risks. It appears safe for use in a production environment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}