{
  "purpose": "The code provides API endpoints for user authentication, session management, and user data management within a Django application using REST framework, including login, logout, password reset, and user detail update functionalities.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from request.data in methods like post() and dispatch() for login, password reset, password change, etc.",
  "sinks": "Output responses with serialized data, setting cookies for JWT tokens, and deleting cookies during logout.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from request.data to serializer validation, then to token creation or password update functions, with responses returning serialized data or cookie manipulations.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard Django and DRF practices; no hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns observed. Token handling via jwt_encode and create_token is standard, with no signs of data exfiltration or backdoors. Cookie handling for JWT tokens is standard; no suspicious domain or IP references. No obfuscated or malicious code present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard authentication workflows using Django and REST framework, with secure handling of passwords and tokens. No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or suspicious data flows are evident. It properly uses Django's security features like sensitive_post_parameters to protect password data. Token management (JWT or session tokens) appears to follow best practices. No evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware functions such as unauthorized data exfiltration or system damage. The code's structure and logic align with typical secure authentication implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of authentication endpoints in a Django REST framework project. It appears secure, with no signs of malicious intent, supply chain sabotage, or malware. The handling of tokens, cookies, and user data follows accepted best practices. Confidence in the security assessment is high, and no obfuscation or malicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}