{
  "purpose": "Analysis of open-source Python dependency code for malicious behavior, security risks, obfuscation, and suspicious patterns.",
  "sources": "Untrusted data sources, environment variables, dynamic imports, eval/exec statements, input handling functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential data exfiltration points, network connections, file modifications, environment variable access, dynamic code execution pathways.",
  "flows": "Data flows from sources such as untrusted inputs or environment variables to sinks like eval/exec, network, or file system, often via dynamic imports or unvalidated data handling.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval/exec with untrusted data, dynamic imports, ambiguous variable names, minimal or no code in some reports, inconsistent obfuscation indicators, suspicious patterns without confirmed malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The reports generally align their scores with observed patterns. Reports 1 and 2 lack code, justifying low malware and risk scores. Reports 3 and 4 exhibit dynamic code features such as eval, exec, and dynamic imports, which are common vectors for malicious activity, warranting moderate malware scores (~0.3). The risk scores reflect the potential for exploitation due to these patterns. Report 5 shows benign code with no suspicious features, justifying zero malware and low risk. The confidence levels are appropriate given the limited code context. Overall, the scores are consistent with the described behaviors, and no significant discrepancies are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The overall assessment indicates low to moderate malicious potential primarily driven by dynamic code features. The scores are justified and aligned with the evidence. Slightly increasing malware scores for reports 3 and 4 to 0.4 could better reflect the suspicion level, but current scores are acceptable. The risk scores appropriately capture the potential vulnerabilities. No false positives or overestimations are evident; continued monitoring is recommended if code patterns persist.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0.4,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}