{
  "purpose": "This module provides decorators and context managers for authentication, authorization, and user injection in Sanic web applications, ensuring protected routes and scope validation.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from request objects, URL parameters, and potentially from the request payload via auth extraction methods.",
  "sinks": "Response objects such as redirects, return values from user-defined handlers, and internal function calls that may produce HTTP responses or trigger actions based on authentication logic.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data (e.g., request, payload) flows into authentication checks and scope validation; successful authentication or scope validation results in proceeding with request handlers, while failures trigger redirects or exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns identified. The code uses standard libraries and practices. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or unusual variable names. The only noteworthy point is reliance on external auth methods which could be misconfigured, but that is outside the code scope.",
  "analysis": "The code employs typical authentication and authorization mechanisms for a web framework (Sanic). It uses context managers for temporary configuration, async functions for authentication checks, and decorators for route protection and user injection. The flow is standard: validate auth, check scopes, handle OPTIONS method, redirect on failure, and raise exceptions when needed. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system manipulation are present. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets or obfuscated sections, and all data flows are predictable within the context of web request handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of route protection and user injection with no signs of malicious intent. It relies on external authentication mechanisms and proper configuration. There are no indicators of malware, backdoors, or malicious data leakage. Overall, the code appears safe, with a very low malware and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}