{
  "purpose": "The code provides decorators and context managers for handling authentication, authorization, and user injection in a Sanic web application, focusing on security enforcement mechanisms.",
  "sources": "The code reads request data via the 'request' parameter, extracts payloads with 'extract_payload', and retrieves user info via 'retrieve_user'. It also accesses 'instance.ctx.auth' for configuration and methods, and reads configuration via 'instance.ctx.auth.config'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include redirect responses, raising exceptions, calling handler functions 'f' with user or response data, and modifying the response flow based on authentication and authorization checks.",
  "flows": "Input data from request (headers, payloads) flows into 'extract_payload' and 'extract_scopes'. These are used in '_do_protection' and 'scoped' to determine authorization, potentially leading to redirects or exceptions. User info is injected into handlers via 'inject_user'.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code does not perform suspicious network activities or data exfiltration. No obfuscation or misleading constructs are evident. The use of 'deepcopy' and 'isawaitable' is standard. All functions appear to serve their documented purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code defines security-related decorators for authentication and scope validation, utilizing context managers to temporarily cache configuration settings. It performs runtime checks to determine if requests are authenticated and authorized, redirecting or raising exceptions upon failure. The code handles both synchronous and asynchronous handler functions appropriately. No malicious behavior, data leaks, or backdoors are identified. The structure appears consistent with common security enforcement patterns in web frameworks.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements standard security enforcement mechanisms in a Sanic application, including authentication, scope validation, and user injection. There are no indications of malicious intent or malicious behavior. The code is well-structured and functions as expected for securing endpoints, with no suspicious or malicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}