{
  "purpose": "The code appears to parse, format, and process Python code strings, possibly for code analysis, formatting, or transformation purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input through the 'file_contents' parameter, which is parsed with 'parso.parse'. It also reads code via 'eesDGInDFPosLRXLKYBIyidIKlqGmRrA.get_code()'.",
  "sinks": "The code formats code strings using 'black.format_str' and processes the parse tree with various functions, but does not write or transmit data externally.",
  "flows": "Source: 'file_contents' input -> parsing with 'parso' -> processing of parse tree with functions -> formatting with 'black' -> re-parsing -> analysis with custom functions.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic formatting and parsing in a manner that might obscure intent; reliance on external modules with obscure names; no clear security-sensitive operations like network or file access; no hardcoded secrets found.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by parsing the input file contents into an AST. It then processes the AST with functions from custom modules, likely for code analysis or transformation. It formats the code with 'black', handling exceptions. The process repeats: re-parsing and further analysis. No external data transmission, network activity, or file system modifications are evident. The code uses obfuscated module names and functions, but their purpose seems limited to code parsing, formatting, and analysis, not malicious activity. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious behaviors are detected. The use of exception handling around 'black.format_str' is standard. The functions invoked do not reveal malicious intent, assuming they are legitimate analysis functions.",
  "conclusion": "This code primarily handles code parsing, formatting, and analysis within a controlled scope. There are no indicators of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. The obscurity of module and function names suggests some level of obfuscation, but their purpose appears benign. No malicious activity or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}