{
  "purpose": "This code appears to process Python source code: parsing, formatting, and analyzing it through various custom functions, and finally returning the formatted source code.",
  "sources": "The code reads input via the 'file_contents' parameter, which is parsed into an AST using 'parso.parse'. It also reads the code string from 'file_contents' during formatting.",
  "sinks": "The formatted code from 'black.format_str' is a sink where untrusted code could be processed or executed if further actions are taken outside this snippet.",
  "flows": "The code reads 'file_contents' -> parses to AST -> processes AST with multiple functions -> formats code with 'black' -> parses formatted code -> further analysis on AST nodes -> returns formatted code.",
  "anomalies": "The code imports numerous modules from 'globality_black' with obfuscated names, suggesting potential code concealment. The code uses a custom exception class and multiple function calls passing AST nodes without clear purpose. No direct execution of untrusted data, but reliance on external, potentially obfuscated modules, and the heavy use of parsing and formatting could be suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code's primary function is to parse, analyze, and reformat a Python source code string. It employs 'parso' for parsing and 'black' for formatting. The code iterates over specific AST node types, passing them to various imported functions, which are obfuscated in name, making their purpose unclear. There are no direct network operations, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications within this snippet. However, the obfuscated imports and the heavy AST processing without transparent logic may indicate attempts at concealment. The code does not seem to perform any harmful actions directly but could be part of a larger, malicious pipeline especially if the imported functions perform nefarious tasks. Overall, no clear malicious behavior is evident within this code fragment itself, but the obfuscation and structure warrant caution.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions as a source code parser and formatter with multiple layers of obfuscated imported functions. There are no overt signs of malware or malicious actions within this snippet. The heavy use of obfuscated modules could be a sign of concealment, but based solely on this code, there is no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. The overall security risk score is low, but caution is advised if the external functions are malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}