{
  "purpose": "This code appears to parse, format, and process Python source files, likely for code analysis or formatting purposes.",
  "sources": "File contents provided as 'file_contents', parsed via 'parso.parse'. Also, external input could come from the 'file_contents' parameter.",
  "sinks": "The code writes back formatted code via 'black.format_str' and then re-parses it. No evidence of network, file, or environment data leakage; no direct untrusted data sinks identified.",
  "flows": "Input ('file_contents') -> parse -> process with various functions -> format with 'black' -> output 'code' string.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; code primarily uses external libraries and functions; no obfuscated code, suspicious dynamic execution, or hidden backdoors detected. Use of extensive external functions makes full static analysis challenging, but no suspicious patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code processes a source code string: parsing, applying multiple transformations via functions imported from 'globality_black', formatting with 'black', and re-parsing. These transformations are typical of code formatting or linting tools. No network activity, no suspicious code injections, or credential handling are observed. The use of exception handling around 'black.format_str' is standard. No anomalous or malicious behavior is apparent in the visible code. External functions are invoked without inspection, but their usage appears consistent with legitimate processing. Overall, the code functions as a source code formatter or processor with no suspicious or malicious intent evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a source code processing pipeline utilizing parsing, formatting, and transformation functions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leaks, or malicious code injection. It appears to serve a legitimate purpose related to code formatting or analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}