{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface definitions for the boto3 Backup service, enabling type-safe interactions with AWS Backup API.",
  "sources": "The code primarily reads configuration, imports modules, and defines class structures, properties, method signatures, and type annotations. It also reads from system version info to determine imports.",
  "sinks": "The methods generate URLs, handle kwargs for API calls, and return data structures. There are no explicit data sinks like network connections or file writes in this code; all interactions are via method signatures and property accesses.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves method signatures that accept input parameters (via **kwargs) unpacked from specific type definitions, and return typed data structures. The flow is static, focusing on method signatures rather than dynamic execution or data processing.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic are evident. The code predominantly consists of method signatures, type annotations, property definitions, and import statements. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or malicious payloads are present.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a client interface class for AWS Backup, including method signatures aligned with the AWS SDK, type annotations, and overloads for paginators. It uses conditional imports for compatibility and defines exception types. There are no indications of malicious logic or behavior. The structure is consistent with SDK interface definitions. The code appears to be a type-safe wrapper or stub for an AWS SDK client, with no evidence of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "This source code functions as a type-safe interface and stub definitions for the AWS Backup SDK client. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is designed solely for static typing, documentation, and type checking purposes. Overall, it is safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}