{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for managing deprecation warnings and backward compatibility, including classes and functions to deprecate modules, methods, properties, and functions, as well as to temporarily suppress warnings.",
  "sources": "Imports sys, types, warnings; accesses sys.modules, sys._getframe; reads object attributes and globals.",
  "sinks": "Uses warnings.warn to issue deprecation warnings; modifies sys.modules and module attributes; executes __import__ for module relocation.",
  "flows": "Deprecate functions or modules trigger warnings; sys.modules modifications and attribute reassignments occur; deprecated modules or functions are replaced or wrapped with warning triggers.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code dynamically manipulates modules and attributes, which is typical for deprecation handling but could potentially be misused if combined with malicious code elsewhere. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, network activity, or system damage within this code.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple classes and functions for deprecation handling, including warnings for deprecated features. It uses standard Python modules such as sys, types, and warnings. The __show__ switch manages warning suppression. The deprecate function can wrap functions, modules, or properties for deprecation warnings, and the moved function handles module relocation with warnings. All actions involve standard module and attribute manipulations for deprecation purposes. No external data inputs, network activities, or system modifications indicating malicious behavior are detected. The code's purpose aligns with backward compatibility and deprecation management, which is common and benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility module for deprecation management and backward compatibility, performing standard operations such as issuing warnings and modifying module attributes. There is no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, data theft, or malicious network activity. It appears safe and solely intended for maintenance and version management.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}