{
  "purpose": "This module provides utilities for handling deprecation warnings and backward compatibility in Python code, including proxy and wrapper classes to deprecate attributes, modules, functions, and properties.",
  "sources": "Reads the module object, global variables, and attributes via __getattribute__, __setattr__, and __delattr__ methods. Uses sys._getframe() to access calling frame information, and sys.modules to access loaded modules.",
  "sinks": "Potentially warnings.warn calls for deprecated names and messages. Accesses module dictionaries and attributes, but no direct sinks for untrusted data or external communication are present.",
  "flows": "The code checks and issues warnings when deprecated attributes, methods, or modules are accessed, and dynamically modifies module attributes via sys.modules and attribute operations.",
  "anomalies": "Uses sys._getframe() to inspect call stacks, which can be sensitive. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or malicious data leakage detected. The code's behavior is consistent with deprecation utilities, not malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code implements various classes and functions to mark existing modules, functions, properties, and attributes as deprecated, issuing warnings when accessed. It also allows temporarily suppressing warnings and moving modules. The use of sys._getframe() is typical in such deprecation utilities, and no external network calls or data leaks are present. The code does not contain obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious behavior. It primarily manages deprecation warnings with dynamic attribute access.",
  "conclusion": "The module is a standard implementation for handling deprecation and backward compatibility in Python code. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. Its purpose is solely to manage deprecation warnings, with no evidence of malicious intent or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}