{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for managing deprecation warnings, backward compatibility, and module attribute deprecation handling in Python projects.",
  "sources": "The code reads from sys._getframe(), sys.modules, and module attributes, and also accesses function and property objects for wrapping and warning.",
  "sinks": "The code can generate warnings via the warnings.warn() function. It also imports modules dynamically with __import__ and assigns/deletes module attributes, but does not execute untrusted input or data directly.",
  "flows": "Code reads call stacks and module dictionaries, then depending on the type, issues warnings and manipulates module attributes, or wraps functions and properties to emit deprecation warnings when accessed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The dynamic importing via __import__ could potentially be misused if called with untrusted module names, but in this context, it is part of a deprecation utility. No obfuscated code or malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple classes and functions to handle deprecation notices, including proxy classes that warn when deprecated modules, attributes, or methods are accessed. The use of sys._getframe() indicates it inspects caller context, but this is standard for such utilities. Dynamic attribute management and warnings are employed appropriately. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors is present. The module's purpose appears solely to facilitate backward compatibility and deprecation warnings.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a utility module for managing deprecation and backward compatibility warnings. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It uses standard Python mechanisms for warning and module attribute manipulation. The potential misuse of dynamic module import and attribute access is typical for such utilities and does not constitute malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}