{
  "purpose": "This module provides various equations and functions for modeling compressible gas flow in pipelines, including calculations for flow rate, pressures, temperatures, and related properties.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as pressures (P1, P2), flow rate (Q), pipe dimensions (D, L), and gas properties (SG, Tavg, mu, etc.) are read as function arguments. Internal constants and mathematical functions are used for calculations.",
  "sinks": "Outputs are primarily flow-related results such as flow rate (Q), pressures (P1, P2), pipe dimensions (D, L), and other flow parameters. No untrusted data is directly written or transmitted over the network.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sources) flow into computational formulas and numerical solvers like 'brenth', 'secant', and 'secant' functions to produce calculated outputs. The functions do not include code injection, external command execution, or dynamic code evaluation. Mathematical computations are straightforward and based on formulas from literature.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes some functions with internal numerical solvers (brenth, secant) which are used for root-finding; these are standard numerical methods. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated or unusual language features are detected; the functions follow conventional engineering formulas. All functions process known physical formulas and constants without suspicious modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of physics-based equations for gas pipeline modeling, implemented using standard Python math functions and numerical methods. It reads inputs, applies formulae, and returns results without any suspicious side-effects. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden code. The internal constants and formulas are consistent with references, and no code snippets suggest malicious intent. The only dynamic aspect is the use of numerical root finders, which are standard and safe within this context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of scientific computation functions for gas flow modeling, implemented in a standard, transparent manner. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. All computations are based on published formulas with no suspicious or harmful side effects.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 1
}