{
  "purpose": "The code defines an asynchronous client for Google Cloud KMS EKM Service, providing methods to manage external cryptographic keys and connections.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration and credentials from imported libraries, environment variables, and method parameters; it also reads request data for API calls.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network calls to Google Cloud services, where request data is sent over the network, and logging outputs.",
  "flows": "Input data (parameters, request objects, credentials) flows into method calls, then through wrapped RPC methods, and finally over network requests to Google Cloud APIs. Responses are received and returned to the caller.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code uses standard Google Cloud client libraries and practices. No unusual dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard auto-generated Google Cloud asynchronous client implementation, adhering to expected patterns for API client libraries. It uses safe request handling, parameter validation, and proper metadata headers. No malicious behavior, code injection, or sabotage mechanisms are found. It utilizes common libraries for logging, request wrapping, and metadata routing. The credential management is standard and does not include hardcoded secrets or unsafe practices. The network interactions are typical for cloud SDKs and do not involve suspicious domains or data exfiltration. No signs of malware, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard auto-generated client library for Google Cloud KMS EKM Service. It shows no evidence of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. Its functions are safe, well-structured, and follow best practices for cloud SDKs.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}