{
  "purpose": "This code provides implementations for managing secrets either locally via a file or remotely via Robocorp Vault, including encryption, decryption, and API interactions.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include environment variables, local secrets file, and API responses from Robocorp Vault (e.g., secrets and public keys).",
  "sinks": "Sensitive data may be written to local files (secrets.json or YAML), transmitted over network via API requests, or stored in environment variables (via resolved paths).",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment variables and files into in-memory data structures, then to encryption/decryption routines, API requests, and local storage; also from API responses through decryption to in-memory structures.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses deep copying in payload handling, which is not inherently suspicious. No hardcoded credentials or secret keys are present. Uses standard cryptography functions and environment variables for configuration. No obfuscated code, no suspicious dynamic execution, and no hidden backdoors are evident. The API interactions are for secret retrieval/storage with proper encryption handling, not malicious. No unusual code patterns or logic anomalies detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of secrets management with local and remote storage options, utilizing cryptography for secure storage and transfer. Environment variables are used for configuration, and cryptography functions follow best practices without evident flaws. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or malicious logic. The structure and functions are consistent with legitimate secrets management workflows. The deep copy and JSON handling are standard, and no suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate secrets management code implementing standard cryptographic and API interaction patterns. There are no indicators of malicious intent or sabotage, and the cryptography use aligns with best practices. Overall, the code poses no significant security risks or malicious behavior based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}