{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes for managing secrets, either stored locally in files or in Robocorp Vault, including encryption/decryption mechanisms for secure storage and retrieval.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables for configuration; reads secret data from local files via JSON or YAML; retrieves secrets from a remote API via HTTP requests; and reads cryptographic keys and encrypted payloads for decryption.",
  "sinks": "The code writes secret data back to local files; sends HTTP PUT requests to store secrets; and processes cryptographic keys and encrypted data. It also loads environment variables and reads/writes files.",
  "flows": "Secrets are retrieved from environment/configuration, loaded from files or retrieved via API, decrypted using private RSA keys and AES-GCM, and stored or updated via API or file system. Encrypted payloads flow from API responses through decryption functions, then into SecretContainer objects.",
  "anomalies": "The code generates RSA keys dynamically within the class, which may be unnecessary or suspicious if intended to be persistent. The secret setting method encrypts data but does not verify or log the process thoroughly. No explicit hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected. The environment variables are used for configuration, which is typical.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement standard secrets management functionality with cryptographic operations for secure storage. It uses cryptography libraries correctly and performs encryption/decryption with proper schemes (RSA, AES-GCM). The private key is generated on demand, which may be normal for ephemeral keys but could be suspicious if persistent keys are expected. The API interactions include typical error handling. No malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious network behavior is evident. The only potential concern is the dynamic generation of RSA keys each time, which might be unnecessary or could be exploited if misused, but not inherently malicious. Overall, the code follows secure practices for secret management without evident malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements standard secrets management with cryptography, correctly handling encryption and decryption, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It manages secrets securely, uses environment variables properly, and performs expected cryptographic operations. No malicious activities or supply chain attacks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}