{
  "purpose": "The code implements secrets management using local file storage and remote API (Robocorp Vault), employing cryptography (RSA, AES-GCM) for secure handling of secrets. It manages secrets via environment variables, supports encryption/decryption, and handles API interactions with error handling.",
  "sources": "Environment variables for configuration; file I/O for local secrets; API responses for remote secrets; cryptographic functions for encryption/decryption.",
  "sinks": "Decrypted secret data stored in memory; encrypted payloads sent over network; API responses processed for secret retrieval.",
  "flows": "Secrets are read from environment or files (sources), encrypted/decrypted via cryptography routines, and stored or retrieved through API calls (sinks). Data flows through cryptographic functions during set/get operations, with error handling managing failures.",
  "anomalies": "Use of ephemeral RSA key generation per class instance, which is resource-intensive but not malicious; deep copying payloads during decryption, which is standard; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard cryptographic practices with correct use of RSA and AES-GCM. Environment variables are used for configuration, avoiding hardcoded secrets. The dynamic RSA key generation is unusual but likely intended for ephemeral keys, not malicious. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or data leaks are evident. Error handling is appropriate, and cryptography routines follow best practices. The absence of obfuscation and malicious code indicates a legitimate implementation. The minor resource concern about ephemeral keys does not elevate the risk score significantly.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears secure, legitimate, and free of malicious intent. It correctly implements secrets management with proper cryptography and configuration handling. No signs of sabotage, backdoors, or supply chain compromise are present. The assigned malware score of 0 and low security risk score (~0.2) are justified and consistent with the detailed analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}