{
  "purpose": "The code implements a proxy server for MCP (Meta Control Protocol) that forwards requests to a base server, manages subscriptions, and checks for resource updates periodically.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration parameters, subscription URLs, resource requests, tool call requests, and prompt requests.",
  "sinks": "Forwards requests and responses to and from the base server, updates subscriptions, and triggers resource update notifications.",
  "flows": "Input data from subscription URLs or client requests flow through functions like add_subscription and check_subscriptions, leading to calls to external tools, resource retrieval, or notification triggers.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs network calls to external URIs via call_tool_from_uri without validation or sanitization. It uses hashing of retrieved content for change detection, which is normal but could be exploited if the external content is maliciously crafted. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution observed. The code includes standard logging, exception handling, and request forwarding.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a proxy managing subscriptions and resource updates for MCP servers. It utilizes asynchronous operations, external resource checks, and request forwarding. There are no indications of malicious code such as data exfiltration, system tampering, or backdoors. The external call to call_tool_from_uri may introduce risks if the external resource is malicious or untrusted, but this is part of normal proxy behavior. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The code's external interactions and hashing are standard for resource change detection. Overall, the code appears intended for legitimate resource monitoring and request forwarding without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard MCP proxy with subscription management and resource update checks. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security exploits are evident. The external URI calls warrant cautious use depending on trust in external sources, but this is typical for such systems. No obfuscated or malicious code detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}