{
  "purpose": "The code implements a proxy server that intercepts, forwards, and manages requests between clients and a base MCP server, with additional subscription and resource update checking functionalities.",
  "sources": "Input sources include command-line arguments for server command and poll interval, and data read from the MCP server and client stdin/stdout streams. Data is also read during subscription checks via call_tool_from_uri.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network communication to the base server and client, as well as handling of resource data and request forwarding. Logging functions are used but do not represent data sinks.",
  "flows": "Input data from command-line arguments and MCP streams flows through request handlers, subscription checks, and data forwarding functions, with resource content updates triggering server notifications. Data from call_tool_from_uri flows into subscription hashes and resource updates.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are evident. Use of MD5 for hashing in subscriptions is weak but not malicious. No unusual or malicious code patterns are detected. The code correctly manages exceptions and does not execute untrusted code dynamically or insecurely. The presence of verbose logging and subscription management appears legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a proxy with subscription management and resource update checking. It forwards requests and responses between a client and a base server, maintaining subscriptions by periodically calling external tools via call_tool_from_uri. No suspicious or malicious behaviors, such as system compromise, data exfiltration, or reverse shells, are observed. The use of MD5 hashing for content change detection is weak but not malicious. All data flows seem intended for resource management, and no code indicates malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate proxy server for managing MCP subscriptions and resource updates without any malicious or sabotage behavior. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}