{
  "purpose": "This code is a builder class for generating and formatting menu interfaces in a console application, allowing customization of styles, borders, margins, and content sections.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include method parameters such as title, subtitle, prologue_text, epilogue_text, items, and prompt, as well as style configuration methods set by the user.",
  "sinks": "The primary output is the formatted menu string generated by the 'format' method, which compiles various sections into a string for display. No direct data leaks or insecure data handling are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are assigned to section properties (e.g., title, text), then sections are generated and concatenated into a string. The data flows from method inputs into section properties, then into the final string output.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard menu builder with no hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors. No suspicious network calls, file access, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The style factory pattern and padding adjustments are typical configuration steps.",
  "analysis": "The class provides a structured way to construct console menus with customizable styles and layout. It uses clear setters for styles, margins, and section visibility, and constructs the output string by concatenating generated sections. There are no dynamic code execution, data leaks, or suspicious data handling observed. All data transformations are straightforward assignments and method calls. No external or untrusted data sources are used beyond method parameters, and the output is purely a formatted string. The code relies on standard class attributes and method calls, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions solely as a menu formatting utility with no malicious intent or security risks. It adheres to expected patterns for such UI builders and does not contain malware, backdoors, or suspicious operations. Overall, it is safe and trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}