{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a class for processing and normalizing text for language analysis, including handling Unicode normalization, language-specific transformations, and generation of n-grams for text analysis.",
  "sources": "User input characters via add_char(), external message strings via messages.get_string(), Unicode block detection via unicode_block().",
  "sinks": "Return statements within normalize() and normalize_vi() functions, which process and modify characters; no external data sinks or network interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Input characters are processed through add_char() and normalize() methods; normalize() calls unicode_block() to determine character normalization; messages.get_string() provides configuration strings; normalize_vi() processes text for Vietnamese normalization.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. Use of messages.get_string() for retrieving configuration data is typical; normalization logic appears standard and language-specific. No network or file operations, reverse shells, or data leaks are present. The code is complex but uses common language features and normal Unicode processing techniques.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an NGram class focused on text normalization and processing, including Unicode block identification and normalization for multiple scripts. It leverages message strings for configuration, which is typical for localization or customizable behavior. The methods involve character normalization, language-specific transformations, and mapping characters to representative forms. No external data transfers, network communications, or malicious code patterns such as system calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors are observed. The code’s structure and functions are consistent with legitimate text processing tasks. It is self-contained, with no indication of obfuscated or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Unicode text normalization and n-gram processing class without any malicious intent. It performs language-specific character normalization and mapping for text analysis purposes. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or security risks present in this code segment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}