{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for normalizing and processing character n-grams for text analysis, including Unicode normalization, language-specific character adjustments, and CJK (Chinese, Japanese, Korean) character mapping.",
  "sources": "The code reads input characters through the add_char() method; it also accesses various message strings via messages.get_string() calls for configuration and mapping data.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks such as network or file I/O operations are present. The code processes and normalizes text but does not interact with external systems or data stores.",
  "flows": "Input characters are normalized via normalize() and normalize_vi(); they are added to internal state in add_char(). Mappings for CJK characters are established at class initialization, affecting subsequent normalization.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No code for network access, data exfiltration, or system modification is present. All operations are related to text normalization and mapping. Use of messages.get_string() for large configuration data could be a vector if message data is maliciously injected, but this depends on message content management outside this code.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly defines a class for Unicode normalization and character processing, relying on external message strings for configuration data. The normalization functions handle Unicode blocks and replace certain characters with standardized equivalents. The code does not perform any I/O, network access, or execute external commands. It uses class-level data structures and static methods to perform character normalization. The only potential concern is the reliance on external message strings for configuration, which could be manipulated if message sources are compromised, but this is outside the scope of the code itself. No malicious patterns, such as network communication, data leakage, or code injection, are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard text normalization utility for linguistic processing, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. Its design does not include any suspicious activities like data exfiltration, code injection, or external system interaction. The reliance on message configuration is typical for localization and normalization purposes. Overall, it is a benign component for text processing.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}