{
  "purpose": "This code appears to implement an N-gram language processing utility, including normalization of characters for various scripts and languages, likely for text analysis or filtering purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input characters via the add_char() method, which processes individual characters, and string data from messages (for string constants). It also reads configuration strings from the messages module, which likely retrieves strings from external sources.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any data output, network communication, or file writing. It does perform normalization functions that process and possibly alter input characters but not in a way that leads to data leaks or malicious effects.",
  "flows": "Input characters flow through normalize() during add_char() for normalization, and string constants from messages are used in class variables for normalization maps and configurations. There are no external sinks like network or file I/O, nor data leaks in the logic.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are detected. The code uses dynamic string retrieval via messages.get_string() but this is typical for localization or configuration. There is no hardcoded credential, backdoor, or malicious logic. The CJK map and normalization are standard mappings, and no code injection or unsafe practices are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles text normalization, including Unicode block checks, character replacements, and language-specific normalization routines. It does not contain any network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration. The usage of external string resources via messages.get_string() is for mapping and configuration, not malicious. The code structure and logic are consistent with language processing tools. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious data handling, or malicious side-effects. The overall logic is safe, focusing on character normalization for text processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a language processing utility for text normalization, with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It handles Unicode normalization and language-specific character mappings securely and as intended. There are no suspicious data flows or external communications. Therefore, it is safe from a cybersecurity perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}