{
  "purpose": "The code appears to set up a signaling mechanism, potentially for event handling or plugin architecture, with optional support for the 'blinker' library. It defines decorators for pre- and post-processing around functions, likely to facilitate signals or callbacks.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include imported modules ('inspect', 'functools'), environment conditions (try-except for 'blinker'), and function parameters that accept arbitrary arguments and keyword arguments. The code reads module attributes, function arguments, and possibly external signals.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include signal emission via the 'blinker' interface or the fallback class methods that do nothing. There are no clear data leaks, network operations, or file modifications observed. The code could, in theory, invoke user-supplied functions or callbacks, but no malicious data handling or output is evident.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves decorating functions with 'wzxnSvjQMHMDnucpPlPvytlmxzdBoOmS', which wraps the original functions with pre- and post-signal handlers. These handlers invoke methods that interface with 'blinker' or the fallback class. Data flows from input parameters to function calls and signal emissions, but no external or untrusted data sources are directly used in a suspicious manner.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual features include heavily obfuscated variable names, dynamically generated function names, and conditional support for an external library ('blinker'). The code employs dynamic inspection and wraps functions for signaling, which might be misused for covert signaling or obfuscation. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are apparent. The use of lambda functions for attribute access is unusual but not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a signaling framework that uses decorators to wrap functions with pre- and post-processing hooks, possibly for event notification. It includes a fallback implementation when 'blinker' is not installed, which raises runtime errors if signaling is attempted without the library. The obfuscated variable names and dynamic attribute access obscure intent but do not demonstrate malicious activity. There are no network calls, file manipulations, or data exfiltration. The pattern suggests legitimate signal handling code that could be exploited if misused but does not show malicious behavior by itself.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a signal handling utility with obfuscated naming and conditional dependency on 'blinker'. It does not contain malware or malicious payloads but could potentially be misused for covert signaling. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate framework component rather than malicious code.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}