{
  "purpose": "The code functions as a remote node management CLI, enabling operations such as adding, editing, deleting nodes, executing commands via SSH, network scanning, and file transfers. It facilitates centralized control over distributed nodes.",
  "sources": "Command-line arguments, filesystem files (node data, keys), environment variables, and user inputs during execution.",
  "sinks": "System commands executed via os.popen (e.g., copying files, running commands), SSH connection functions, file read/write operations, and network scan functions.",
  "flows": "User inputs (e.g., filenames, commands, node IDs) influence system commands and file operations; unsanitized inputs are passed directly to system calls, creating potential injection points.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated variable and function names, dynamic command construction with user-controlled data, key generation without explicit validation, and reliance on os.popen with unvalidated inputs. No explicit malicious payloads are present, but patterns suggest potential misuse.",
  "analysis": "The script manages remote nodes and performs network and file operations. It reads command-line arguments, manages node data files, and executes system commands based on user inputs. The use of os.popen with user-controlled filenames or commands introduces command injection risks. Obfuscated naming and dynamic command building complicate security auditing. While no direct malware (e.g., backdoors, data exfiltration, remote shells) is evident, the code's capabilities could be exploited if inputs are malicious. The key generation and file handling are typical for management tools but require proper validation to prevent misuse. The low malware scores across reports align with the absence of explicit malicious payloads, but the moderate security risk reflects the insecure command execution patterns and obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a remote node management framework with powerful capabilities that could be exploited if inputs are not validated. No explicit malware is detected, but insecure command execution and obfuscation pose security concerns. Proper input validation, avoiding unsafe system calls, and code de-obfuscation are recommended to mitigate risks.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}