{
  "purpose": "This code performs open-source Python-based nonlinear curve fitting and simulation for multiple datasets using Levenberg-Marquardt optimization, including bootstrap-based confidence interval calculations and optional parallel execution.",
  "sources": "Data input via 'data' dict with 'x', 'y', 'ye'; model functions provided by user; internal data conversions and resampling; user-provided logging and progress callbacks.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data inputs: model parameters, data arrays; outputs are mostly numpy arrays, with optional logging and callback functions.",
  "flows": "Data read from input dicts → conversions to numpy arrays → model evaluations for residuals and curves → residuals used in cost/Jacobian → parameter updates via LM → optional bootstrap resampling → CI calculation → output of results and curves.",
  "anomalies": "None evident. Code follows standard data processing and optimization routines. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior observed. Logging functions default to no-ops or print, no obfuscation or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly performs numerical modeling, residual computation, Jacobian estimation, covariance calculation, and bootstrap resampling. No external network communication, file access, or dynamic code evaluation present. Use of multiprocessing is for parallel fitting, with safe queue management and no suspicious data leakage or malicious payloads. Error handling is robust, no sign of hidden backdoors or data exfiltration. Functions are transparent and well-structured for typical scientific computation. No anomalous or malicious signals identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of nonlinear least squares fitting with advanced features like bootstrap CI. No malicious activity, sabotage, or security risks are evident based on the provided code. It adheres to standard numerical and parallel processing practices, with no signs of obfuscation or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}