{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a set of functions for cleaning, formatting, and structuring SQL queries. It is intended to standardize SQL query formatting, including comment handling, statement capitalization, and line length management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input SQL strings in functions like clean_query, preformat_statements, lowercase_query, add_whitespaces_query, format_select, format_from, format_join, format_on, format_where, format_statement_line, format_statements, format_multiline_comments, add_semicolon, format_simple_sql, and format_sql.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs formatted SQL query strings. It does not contain any direct data sinks that transmit untrusted data externally or perform network operations. No evidence of data exfiltration or external communication exists within these functions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input SQL query strings through various formatting and cleaning functions, ultimately returning a formatted SQL string. There are no source-to-sink pathways that involve external data transmission or malicious activity.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not include any hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious payloads. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or misleading variable names are present. All regex patterns and functions serve legitimate formatting purposes. There are no signs of hidden malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code focuses exclusively on SQL query parsing, cleaning, and formatting. It manipulates strings, comments, and whitespace, and manages line length for readability. All functions serve the purpose of query beautification and structure enforcement. No external data communication, file operations, or network interactions are performed. No suspicious patterns, such as code injection or data leakage, are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SQL formatting utility with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or malicious payloads. The only concern might be if used with untrusted SQL input, but as a formatting tool, it does not pose security threats by itself.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}