{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a set of functions for parsing, cleaning, and formatting SQL queries, likely for code formatting or analysis tools.",
  "sources": "Functions reading input data include the `clean_query`, `preformat_statements`, `lowercase_query`, `add_whitespaces_query`, and various formatting functions that process strings containing SQL code. They read SQL query strings and comment or quote segments within these strings.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include string manipulations where untrusted SQL code could be reformatted or modified, but no explicit data leaks or command executions are present. There are no network calls, file writes, or code execution functions.",
  "flows": "Input SQL strings are processed through multiple functions, involving splitting, cleaning, reformatting, and reassembling the strings. No untrusted data is executed or transmitted; flows are confined to string processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The functions perform typical string parsing and formatting tasks. There is no obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or code that could be used maliciously. Comment markers and regex-based reformatting are standard in code formatting tools.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of utilities for SQL query parsing and formatting, including cleaning whitespace, managing comments, formatting specific SQL clauses, and handling nested queries. It does not include any network activity, file access, command execution, or other malicious behaviors. The code appears to be a legitimate tool for SQL beautification or analysis, with no signs of malicious intent. The use of regex for string manipulation and string splitting is typical for such utilities, with no evidence of obfuscation or malicious injection points.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign SQL formatting and parsing utility, with no indications of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It only processes strings for formatting purposes and does not perform any potentially dangerous actions. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}