{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to encode and decode secp256k1 EC private keys in DER format, supporting DER structure creation and parsing for key storage and retrieval.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters: 'private_key', 'public_key', and 'der_data'. It also uses imported functions like 'int_to_bytes' from 'coincurve.utils'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data to external systems, networks, or files. It processes data internally and returns byte strings. There are no indications of data leaks or external communication.",
  "flows": "The data flows from input parameters through encoding/decoding functions, with data being parsed and assembled internally. No external sinks or network flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. It strictly handles cryptographic key encoding/decoding, with no suspicious or unusual code constructs. No obfuscation, malicious payloads, or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script implements ASN.1 DER encoding and decoding for EC private keys specific to secp256k1, adhering to relevant standards. It uses standard cryptographic encoding techniques, with no dynamic code execution or external dependencies beyond 'coincurve.utils'. The functions perform expected operations for ASN.1 encoding and decoding, with proper validation of DER structure. No suspicious or malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors is present. The code is well-structured for its purpose and appears safe for cryptographic key handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of ASN.1 DER encoding/decoding for secp256k1 EC private keys. It does not contain malware or malicious behaviors. The structure and functions are consistent with standard cryptographic utilities. No security risks are evident within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}