{
  "purpose": "The code processes schema-like data structures, extracting primary keys, updating properties, handling foreign keys, and constructing data model objects.",
  "sources": "Data structures representing schema definitions, including 'columns', 'properties', 'attrs', and 'full_data'. No external input sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "No external sinks such as network, file, or system commands; data is processed internally and instantiated into data classes.",
  "flows": "Schema data flows from input structures through functions that modify and extract properties, culminating in object instantiation with no external effects.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation via nonsensical variable and function names; import from an obfuscated module; no malicious code or network activity observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs schema processing tasks, including extracting primary keys, updating properties, resolving foreign keys, and creating data model instances. Obfuscation is prominent but appears to serve concealment rather than malicious intent. No external network, file, or command execution is present. The import of an obscure module is suspicious but not conclusive. The logic is consistent with ORM or schema setup routines, with no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, sabotage, or code injection. The high obfuscation score is justified, but malware activity is not evidenced. The overall security risk is low, primarily elevated by obfuscation, which warrants cautious review but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a schema or metadata processing utility with heavy obfuscation. No malicious activity or vulnerabilities are detected. The obfuscation and suspicious import are red flags but not definitive. The scores assigned in the reports are reasonable, with a very low malware likelihood. Further static or dynamic analysis is recommended if sourced from untrusted origins, but based on current information, it appears benign.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}