{
  "purpose": "The code defines a static list of character pairs representing typographical similarities, creates a symmetric typo similarity table with associated scores, and provides a function to print this table. When executed, it outputs the table based on predefined data, likely for typo correction or fuzzy matching purposes.",
  "sources": "The static list '__sp_table' containing character pairs, used as input to create the typo table.",
  "sinks": "The code only prints the generated typo table to standard output; no external data reading or writing occurs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the static list '__sp_table' to the 'create_typo_table' function, which constructs a dictionary of dictionaries, then to 'print_typo_table' for display.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hidden code, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code is straightforward, well-structured, and static.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a static list of character pairs indicating typographical similarities. It includes functions to generate a symmetric typo similarity table with a specified score and to print this table in a formatted manner. The main execution prints the table based on the predefined list. There are no external inputs, network activities, or file operations. The code is purely utility-focused, with no obfuscation or malicious intent. The functions perform simple dictionary manipulations, and the data is static and safe. No logical flaws or security issues are evident. The code's purpose appears to be utility for typo correction or fuzzy matching, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility for creating and displaying a typo similarity table. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. The static data and straightforward functions confirm its safety. The previous reports' assessments and scores are accurate and appropriate.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}