{
  "purpose": "The code provides low-level bindings to macOS system libraries for retrieving file and volume attributes, using ctypes to interface with libc functions such as getattrlist, statfs, and fstatfs. It parses system buffers into Python structures for attribute access.",
  "sources": "System calls to libc functions (getattrlist, statfs, fgetattrlist, fstatfs) that read filesystem and volume metadata into buffers.",
  "sinks": "Buffer parsing and decoding functions that interpret raw system data into Python objects; no network, file modification, or external command execution.",
  "flows": "System calls retrieve raw attribute data into buffers, which are then processed by buffer decoding functions to produce structured attribute information.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, no obfuscation, no network activity, and no malicious code patterns detected. The code is a standard low-level system attribute interface.",
  "analysis": "The code interfaces with macOS system libraries to retrieve filesystem and volume attributes via libc calls. It defines numerous structures and constants for attribute parsing. Buffer sizes are calculated based on attribute masks, and buffers are decoded into Python objects with careful offset management. Error handling is present for system call failures. No signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or sabotage are evident. The code's purpose is legitimate system introspection, and its complexity stems from low-level system call interfacing, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, low-level utility for accessing filesystem attributes on macOS. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or obfuscation. The security risk is minimal, and the malware likelihood is negligible. The current scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2 are justified and consistent with the code's behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}