{
  "purpose": "This source code defines functions and classes for interacting with Docker container logs using Pulumi, facilitating log retrieval and management in an infrastructure as code context.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for log retrieval such as 'details', 'discard_headers', 'follow', 'name', 'show_stderr', 'show_stdout', 'since', 'tail', 'timestamps', and 'until'. It also reads configuration options via 'pulumi.runtime.invoke' and 'pulumi.runtime.invoke_output'.",
  "sinks": "Data flows from the input parameters to Pulumi's invoke functions, which likely communicate with the Pulumi engine or provider APIs. There are no explicit sinks leading to network, file system, or external data exfiltration in the code itself.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are packaged into dictionaries and passed to Pulumi's invoke functions, then the responses are processed and returned as GetLogsResult objects. No untrusted data flows directly into unsafe sinks; data is handled within the Pulumi SDK framework.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for a Pulumi provider wrapper: no hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious constructs. The warning comments indicate the file was generated by a tool, not manually written, but this is typical for SDK code. No malicious behavior or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code provides strongly-typed classes and functions for retrieving Docker logs via Pulumi. It performs input validation, such as type checks, and wraps Pulumi SDK calls. There are no signs of code injection, external network connections beyond Pulumi's API calls, or malicious data handling. The use of Pulumi's invoke functions aligns with typical infrastructure code patterns. The initial warning indicates this is auto-generated, reducing suspicion of intentional malicious code. No anomalies or malicious behaviors are observed.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard Pulumi SDK wrapper for Docker log retrieval, with no malicious intent, suspicious behavior, or security risks. It is a typical auto-generated module with no evident backdoors or malware. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}