{
  "purpose": "The code manages account statements, including models, workflows, import mechanisms, reconciliation, and dynamic data processing. It handles file uploads, database operations, and complex business logic related to financial data.",
  "sources": "Data is read from configuration flags, user inputs, database queries, files (binary uploads), and environment variables. It also dynamically constructs SQL and invokes methods based on runtime conditions.",
  "sinks": "Potential points include file handling (uploads), database writes and schema modifications (drop columns/constraints), dynamic SQL execution, and data updates. No explicit network or system command activity is detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file uploads or user inputs into database models, with dynamic method calls and SQL operations modifying schemas or data. Complex joins and groupings process the data before persistence.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated variable and class names, dynamic method invocation, eval usage, schema modifications (drop columns/constraints), and complex, dynamic SQL statements suggest obfuscation and potential sabotage. The code structure is highly complex with cryptic identifiers.",
  "analysis": "The code exhibits significant obfuscation through cryptic naming and dynamic behaviors, including eval and schema alterations. These features could be used to hide malicious activities or sabotage data integrity. No explicit malicious payloads such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system damage commands are present. The complex logic and obfuscation justify suspicion but do not confirm malicious intent. The malware score is low (0.25), reflecting the absence of concrete malicious payloads. The obfuscation score is high (~0.65), justified by the variable and class name obfuscation, as well as dynamic code features. The overall security risk is moderate (~0.4), considering the potential for misuse of schema modifications and obfuscation to hide malicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is complex and obfuscated, with dynamic SQL and schema modifications that could be exploited maliciously. However, no direct evidence of malware or active malicious payloads is detected. The suspicion level warrants caution, and further dynamic analysis or runtime review is recommended before deployment.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.65,
  "malware": 0.25,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}