{
  "purpose": "Provides data structures for CloudEvents and change events, and manages initialization callbacks for serverless functions.",
  "sources": "The init() function where a callback is registered; the global variables _init_callback and _did_init; the decorated functions that invoke the callback.",
  "sinks": "The callback function invoked within _with_init, which can execute arbitrary code if malicious or untrusted.",
  "flows": "The init() function sets _init_callback; the first call to a decorated function triggers _with_init, which invokes _init_callback; subsequent calls do not invoke the callback.",
  "anomalies": "Use of global variables for callback storage; lack of validation or restrictions on the callback; potential for executing malicious code if callback is untrusted.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data classes for CloudEvents and change events, which are straightforward and contain no malicious logic. The init() function allows registration of a callback intended to run once before other functions, stored globally. The _with_init decorator ensures the callback executes only once during the first decorated function call. This pattern is common for setup routines but introduces a potential attack surface if the callback is malicious or supplied by an untrusted source. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or network activity are present. The primary security concern is the execution of an external callback, which could be exploited if malicious. The malware score is 0, as no malicious code exists. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear. The security risk score is around 0.2, reflecting the potential for malicious callback execution if misused. Overall, the code is low risk, with the main consideration being the trustworthiness of the callback function supplied by the user.",
  "conclusion": "The code is standard utility code for event handling and initialization, with no embedded malicious behavior or obfuscation. The primary security concern is the execution of user-supplied callbacks, which is a common pattern but should be used cautiously. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate; the malware and obfuscated scores are 0, and the risk score around 0.2 accurately reflects the potential for callback misuse. No modifications are necessary, but caution should be exercised in environments where callbacks could be untrusted.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}