{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to sanitize sensitive information from HTTP request and response data during testing, particularly in the context of recording VCR cassettes for test reproducibility.",
  "sources": "Reading environment variables (GARMINTOKENS), request body decoding, request headers ('Cookie'), response headers ('set-cookie', 'Set-Cookie'), response body decoding.",
  "sinks": "Modifying request.body, request.headers['Cookie'], response headers ('set-cookie', 'Set-Cookie'), response body string.",
  "flows": "Input data from environment variables or HTTP request/response is read, then sanitized by replacing sensitive tokens and cookies with placeholders, and then re-encoded and stored back into request or response objects.",
  "anomalies": "The code only sanitizes data; it does not perform malicious activities. It uses generic regex replacements for token and cookie sanitization. No suspicious network activity or backdoors are present. No obfuscation or unusual language features are used. No hardcoded credentials are present besides environment variable assertion.",
  "analysis": "The code's primary function is to sanitize sensitive tokens and cookies from HTTP requests and responses in a testing context, particularly for VCR recordings. It verifies the presence of environment variables, decodes request and response bodies, replaces tokens with placeholders, and sanitizes cookies in headers. It also sanitizes JSON bodies with known token fields. No malicious payloads or behavior are evident. All operations are standard sanitization routines aimed at privacy and test data safety. The code does not include any network connections, data exfiltration, or system modification mechanisms. It operates strictly on in-memory data, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign sanitization utility used within testing frameworks to anonymize sensitive data from HTTP interactions. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It serves a privacy-preserving purpose and does not perform any harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}