{
  "purpose": "The code defines data classes, parsing functions, and utilities for working with various types of grammars (CFG, PCFG, dependency grammars, etc.) used in natural language processing and syntax analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads input strings for grammars and production rules, and parses them into internal data structures. It also reads dependency trees in CoNLL format and grammar definitions from strings or files.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any obvious sinks that could lead to data leakage or execution of untrusted code. It primarily performs parsing, data structure creation, and string processing.",
  "flows": "Input strings are parsed into data structures such as Nonterminals, Productions, and Grammars. These data structures are then used for grammar manipulation, checks, and printing. There are no flows leading to system commands, network, or file operations outside controlled parsing.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of grammar classes and parsing functions. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. No obfuscation or unusual language features are detected. There are no signs of malicious behavior, hidden code, or sabotage.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily consists of class definitions for Nonterminal symbols, Productions, and various grammar types, along with functions to read, parse, and manipulate grammar rules from strings or files. It performs standard checks and transformations related to context-free and dependency grammars. The code lacks any network operations, system calls, or dynamic code execution. It does not include code that could inject malicious behavior or exfiltrate data. All operations are limited to data parsing, object creation, and printing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard and well-structured implementation of grammar data classes and parsing utilities for NLP tasks. There are no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It performs expected operations without suspicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}