{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Python class for rendering HTML widgets used in Azure Machine Learning platforms, primarily for displaying run details and visualizations.",
  "sources": "Input data includes class attributes such as run_logs, run_properties, run_metrics, and other run-related data that are used to generate the widget's HTML content.",
  "sinks": "The generated HTML is rendered through Jinja2 templating, and includes embedded JavaScript that loads external scripts and renders widgets based on data. Base64 encoding of run_logs may lead to decoding issues but is not inherently malicious.",
  "flows": "Data from class attributes (sources) is serialized into JSON-like structure, passed into the Jinja2 template, which is then rendered into an HTML string. The HTML includes embedded scripts that load external resources and execute rendering logic based on runType.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious URLs, or hidden backdoors are present. External scripts are loaded from trusted Azure Blob Storage URLs. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code detected. The base64 encoding/decoding of run_logs is straightforward and used for safe embedding.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily creates a template for rendering widgets with run data. It uses standard libraries such as datetime, base64, uuid, and jinja2. The HTML template includes external script URLs from Azure Blob Storage, which are typical in such environments. The base64 encoding of run_logs ensures safe embedding in HTML. The function _walk_and_update_time_object converts datetime objects into ISO format for JSON serialization, preventing issues with date formats. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The external URLs are standard and do not exhibit suspicious patterns. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate, with no malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate widget rendering class used in AzureML, with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It safely serializes run data into HTML, loading external scripts from trusted sources. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}