{
  "purpose": "This code defines a widget class for rendering interactive HTML widgets in a platform supporting non-interactive HTML widgets, specifically for visualization of run data in an AzureML environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from class attributes such as run_logs, run_metrics, run_id, run_arguments, child_runs, child_runs_metrics, workbench_uri, and graph. It also generates UUIDs and encodes run_logs in base64.",
  "sinks": "The code renders an HTML template with embedded JavaScript that loads external scripts and renders different views based on runType. Potential sinks include the embedded JavaScript code that executes with the provided data and external script dependencies.",
  "flows": "Data from class attributes flows into the value dictionary, which is then passed into the Jinja2 template rendering. The JavaScript code receives this data as parameters and executes accordingly. The run_logs are base64-encoded before being injected into the template.",
  "anomalies": "Use of jinja2.Template for rendering user-controlled data, potential lack of sanitization in template rendering, and the embedding of base64-encoded logs directly into HTML/JavaScript without sanitization could pose injection risks. The code dynamically constructs JavaScript variables with data that could potentially be manipulated if maliciously crafted data is introduced.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs a data dictionary from class attributes, encodes run_logs, updates datetime objects to ISO format, and then renders a static HTML template that includes JavaScript code. The external scripts loaded are from trusted URLs, and the template rendering uses jinja2 without evident user input. There is no evident data validation or sanitization, but given the context of static class attributes and internal data, direct injection risks are limited. However, if malicious data were introduced into the class attributes, especially in attributes like run_logs, run_metrics, or others, and if these were to contain malicious code, it could potentially be executed via the embedded JavaScript. The code does not dynamically execute or eval untrusted code; it mainly renders static HTML and JavaScript. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are observed. The code's functionality appears to be standard widget rendering with no suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard widget rendering class with no evidence of malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities. It relies on external scripts and dynamically renders HTML with embedded data, which is typical for such widgets. There is no indication of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious data flow. Risks are minimal, assuming the data attributes are controlled internally and not externally manipulated maliciously.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}