{
  "purpose": "This code defines a widget class for rendering HTML-based widgets in a platform that supports non-interactive HTML widgets, primarily for displaying Azure Machine Learning run information.",
  "sources": "Data sources include class attributes (e.g., run_logs, run_metrics, run_id, etc.) and external URLs for CSS and JS resources, as well as the base64 encoding of run_logs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of base64 decoding and encoding, and rendering data into HTML/JavaScript. The code renders data into a template, which is then injected into a script for client-side execution.",
  "flows": "Data flows from class attributes (e.g., run_logs, run_metrics) into the get_html() method, where they are processed, encoded, and embedded into an HTML template. The template uses JavaScript require.js to load external scripts and execute rendering functions based on runType.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The use of base64 encoding/decoding appears standard for data serialization. External URLs are static and from a trusted source. No obfuscation, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. The code is straightforward and primarily for rendering UI components.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class with a method to generate HTML content for a widget. It processes internal data attributes, encodes run_logs with base64, converts datetime objects to ISO strings, and then renders an HTML template with embedded JavaScript. The JavaScript dynamically loads scripts from a CDN and calls specific rendering functions based on runType. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The external resources are from a trusted Azure ML CDN. The use of base64 encoding is standard for passing binary data into JavaScript. Overall, the code is a UI widget renderer with no suspicious or malicious elements.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard widget rendering class for Azure ML platform, with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It handles data serialization and rendering securely, relying on external resources from a trusted CDN. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}