{
  "purpose": "Define a base class for rendering HTML widgets with embedded scripts and data for visualization within a platform supporting non-interactive HTML widgets.",
  "sources": "Input data includes class attributes such as run_logs, run_properties, run_metrics, and other instance variables; data is processed and serialized within get_html().",
  "sinks": "HTML template rendering via jinja2, JavaScript code execution embedded in the HTML, base64 decoding of run_logs, and dynamic content injection into scripts and HTML elements.",
  "flows": "Instance variables are assembled into a dictionary, serialized, base64-encoded, and injected into JavaScript code within the HTML. The rendered HTML contains scripts that dynamically load modules and render views based on runType.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network calls, or malicious code patterns. Use of base64 encoding/decoding is standard for data serialization. The JavaScript dynamically loads scripts from a CDN, which is typical for widget rendering. No obfuscated code, no suspicious dynamic code execution, no backdoors or malicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a widget class that prepares data, including run logs, for visualization via an embedded HTML template. It encodes data with base64 to embed within scripts, then renders the HTML with embedded JavaScript that loads modules and displays different views based on runType. No malicious behavior is evident; the data handling is straightforward, and external scripts are loaded from legitimate CDN sources. The code does not include any network activity that sends data elsewhere, nor does it execute any suspicious or malicious commands. The structure and logic are consistent with typical widget rendering code.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign widget rendering class intended for visualization within a platform. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It relies on external CDN scripts and processes data for display purposes only.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}