{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and classes for interacting with Pulumi's infrastructure as code SDK, managing resource and module registration, version handling, environment variable access, and some decorators for function behavior. It is intended for use within a Pulumi-based Python project to facilitate resource management and provider construction.",
  "sources": "Environment variables accessed via get_env, get_env_bool, get_env_int, get_env_float functions; importlib.metadata for version info; importlib.util and sys.modules for lazy imports; JSON input for resource modules and packages; functions calling Pulumi's runtime API (e.g., register_resource_package, register_resource_module, call).",
  "sinks": "None of the code writes untrusted data to external systems or executes untrusted code directly. The only potential sink is the 'call_plain' function which executes Pulumi runtime calls and applies the result. No network or file output or data exfiltration is directly visible.",
  "flows": "Environment variables are read in get_env functions; version info is retrieved from package metadata and converted; resource/module construction functions (construct_provider, construct) use lazy imports and resource registration functions, but do not execute untrusted code with user input; 'call_plain' invokes Pulumi runtime methods and processes their output.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a warning indicating it was generated automatically by pulumi-language-python, which is standard. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious logic are present. The only unconventional aspect is the presence of a placeholder get_plugin_download_url() returning None, which does not pose a security risk. No obfuscated code or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles version parsing, environment variable access, dynamic import, resource and module registration, and function decorators. It uses standard library functions and Pulumi SDK APIs without executing any untrusted code or performing actions that could harm or exfiltrate data. No hardcoded credentials, malicious network activity, or backdoors are present. The lazy import functions and registration routines are standard practices for plugin systems. The 'call_plain' function wraps Pulumi's runtime call, which is expected in this context and does not introduce malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears to be a standard utility library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a utility module for Pulumi Python SDK, focusing on version management, resource registration, environment access, and safe function decoration. It contains no malicious code or suspicious behavior. It appears safe and intended for legitimate infrastructure management purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}