{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for normalizing Arabic text by removing diacritics, tatweel, and normalizing certain characters and spelling errors, used for search and indexing.",
  "sources": "Import of the 'araby' module (try-except fallback import), regex patterns and functions from 'araby' module, and function parameters taking user input text.",
  "sinks": "None explicitly; the functions process text data but do not write to files, network, or environment variables. No external or untrusted data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input text flows through normalization functions, calling regex substitutions and external 'araby' module functions; no untrusted external data flows to dangerous sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to rely heavily on an external module 'araby' for core functions, but this module's content is unknown. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or backdoors detected. Exception handling for import does not process or log errors explicitly, which might obscure import issues but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several text normalization functions for Arabic script, primarily involving regex substitutions and external 'araby' module functions. No network activity, file I/O, or environment variable usage is present. The exception handling for module import is broad but does not perform malicious actions. The functions process text data only, with no signs of data exfiltration or malicious behavior. No suspicious code structures or obfuscation present. The reliance on an external 'araby' module could be a concern if the module itself is malicious, but within this code, no malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of normalization utilities for Arabic text with no apparent malicious intent. It relies on an external module whose security depends on its own implementation, but this script itself does not contain malware or security risks. No suspicious or malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}