{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to asynchronously receive events from an Azure Event Hub, decode the event payloads using JSON Schema validation, and output the decoded content.",
  "sources": "Environment variables: EVENT_HUB_CONN_STR, EVENT_HUB_NAME, SCHEMAREGISTRY_JSON_FULLY_QUALIFIED_NAMESPACE, SCHEMAREGISTRY_GROUP. Event data received through the EventHubConsumerClient.",
  "sinks": "Print statements displaying event data, including raw bytes and decoded JSON content.",
  "flows": "Event data is received from the Event Hub, raw bytes are printed, then the data is decoded via json_schema_encoder.decode(event), which retrieves schemas from Azure Schema Registry; decoded content is printed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets present in the code. Usage of environment variables for sensitive data is standard. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution observed. The code appears straightforward in its flow.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up an asynchronous Event Hub consumer and JSON schema decoder, both utilizing Azure SDKs with credentials managed through environment variables. It processes incoming events by printing raw byte payloads and decoding the content via Azure Schema Registry, which is a legitimate operation. No suspicious or malicious code, such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or privilege escalation mechanisms, is present. The logic is clear, and no anomalies suggest malicious intent. The use of environment variables for sensitive data indicates standard secure practices rather than embedded secrets. No signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for consuming and decoding Azure Event Hub messages using Azure SDKs with proper credential handling. It contains no malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. It functions as expected for an event processing script, with no security risks evident from the provided code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}