{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface definitions for the boto3 Schemas service, facilitating type-safe API interactions.",
  "sources": "Imports from sys, typing, botocore, local modules (paginator, type_defs, waiter), and class/method definitions within the code.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or execution points are the method parameters (via **kwargs unpacking), especially those that may involve user input or external data, and methods generating URLs or interacting with AWS services.",
  "flows": "External data (kwargs) flows into API method calls which then invoke AWS API endpoints; URL generation could potentially leak data if misused, but no such behavior is evident here.",
  "anomalies": "The code is primarily type annotation and method stub definitions with no explicit data processing, input validation, or code execution logic. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. Usage of `Unpack[]` in method signatures is standard for dynamic kwargs, no obfuscation observed. No suspicious loops or unusual code constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code serves as a type-safe interface for the AWS Schemas client, with method signatures that correspond to AWS API operations. It includes overloads for paginators and waiters, with no data processing or external code execution. The unpacking of kwargs suggests dynamic parameter passing, typical for SDK wrappers, not malicious. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are detectable. The structure and imports are consistent with standard SDK stub files. There are no signs of data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious code intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured SDK interface with type annotations and method signatures. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate, benign SDK stub implementation.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}