{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for handling and encoding IP addresses and domain names, including parsing address strings with ports and encoding/decoding addresses for SOCKS proxy communication.",
  "sources": "Input sources include address strings or byte sequences provided to functions such as encode_address, decode_address, split_address_port_from_string, and get_address_port_tuple_from_address.",
  "sinks": "The functions output encoded/decoded address data, or tuples of address and port, which are typically used for network communication; no direct data leaks or unsafe sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Addresses or address strings are processed to identify address type, encoded or decoded, and parsed into address-port tuples. Data flows from input parameters through regex matching, decoding, or socket functions to the return values.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code uses standard libraries and practices for IP parsing. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or suspicious behavior are present. The use of regex and socket functions is normal for this context.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utilities for parsing and encoding IP addresses and domain names, including handling IPv4, IPv6, and domain names, with validation via socket functions. It includes functions to parse address strings with ports, handle byte or string input, and convert between representations. Usage of regular expressions and socket library functions are standard and do not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets, network connections, or suspicious data handling observed. Functions operate solely on provided input data, with no external data collection or communication.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, safe utility module for network address handling within a SOCKS proxy context. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It performs expected operations without insecure practices or malicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}