{
  "purpose": "The code defines paginator classes for the 'migration-hub-refactor-spaces' AWS service client, providing type annotations and method signatures for paginated API responses.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration (e.g., sys.version_info), and defines classes and methods that handle pagination with type annotations. No external input or untrusted data sources are explicitly read within this code.",
  "sinks": "There are no apparent sinks where untrusted data leads to data leaks or system effects. The only potential 'sink' would be method calls, but they are standard class method definitions with no data processing.",
  "flows": "The flow is from method calls like 'paginate' which accept keyword arguments, but since these are just class method definitions with type annotations, no actual data flow or untrusted data handling occurs here.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors are observed. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code is a straightforward implementation of paginator classes with type annotations, referencing external documentation.",
  "analysis": "The code provides type-annotated classes for AWS SDK pagination, importing type definitions and defining classes with 'paginate' methods. It includes conditional imports based on Python version, which is standard. The classes extend from 'Paginator' with specified response types, and the methods are stubs only with docstrings. No execution of untrusted data, network communication, or security-sensitive operations is present. The code appears to be auto-generated or boilerplate for type safety and API interaction, not containing any malicious or security-compromising code.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard, well-structured set of paginator class definitions for AWS SDK with type annotations. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It is intended for type safety and API interaction. No malicious intent or security issues are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}