{
  "purpose": "Defines AWS CloudFormation resources and constructs for managing CodeGuru Profiler profiling groups within AWS CDK, including classes, properties, and helper functions.",
  "sources": "Imports external modules, class constructors, property accessors, and type hints within the class definitions and functions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous operations are minimal; the main sinks involve jsii.create and jsii.invoke calls which instantiate or manipulate cloud resources, and access to jsii attributes. No data leaks, network operations, or system modifications are directly present.",
  "flows": "Construction of resource objects (jsii.create) and method invocations (jsii.invoke) constitute the main flows, with data flow mainly involving resource property values and parameters passed to methods.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code appears to be standard AWS CDK resource definition code, following expected patterns for resource modeling. No obfuscated language features or misleading variable names observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of class definitions for AWS CloudFormation resource types related to CodeGuru Profiler, including resource properties, resource classes, and interface definitions for profiling groups. It uses jsii for inter-language compatibility, which is standard in AWS CDK. The functions and classes follow typical patterns for resource instantiation, property setting, and resource importing. No network communication, file modifications, or hidden behavior detected. The code is well-structured and adheres to normal conventions for infrastructure as code libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a standard implementation of AWS CDK constructs for CodeGuru Profiling Groups, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It contains no harmful operations or suspicious behaviors. It appears to be an open-source library component designed for resource management. The malware score is low, and no security risks are evident from the code.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 5
}