{
  "purpose": "The code provides various data transformation and reshaping functions for pandas DataFrames, including pivoting, aggregating, transposing, and resampling, mainly for data analysis workflows.",
  "sources": "Global state data via 'global_state.get_data', 'global_state.get_query', and 'global_state.get_context_variables'; configuration dictionaries passed to class constructors; pandas DataFrame methods; user-defined functions for aggregation and data manipulation.",
  "sinks": "Generated code strings via 'build_code' methods; data returned from 'reshape' methods; pandas functions such as 'pivot_table', 'groupby', 'resample', 'apply', and 'agg'.",
  "flows": "Data from global state sources flows into data manipulation functions, which produce transformed DataFrames or code strings for execution. The 'run_query' function executes dynamic queries based on global state data, and data is reshaped or aggregated accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code detected. Usage of 'stats.gmean' and string joiners is legitimate for data aggregation. No obfuscated code patterns or unnecessary dynamic code execution observed. No network operations or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily deals with data reshaping, aggregation, and pivoting operations using pandas, scipy, and dtale utilities. It includes methods to generate executable code snippets for these operations. The functions and classes perform typical data analysis tasks with proper handling of DataFrame structures. No input or data source appears malicious or suspicious, and no external network calls, system modifications, or hidden behaviors are present. The code uses safe pandas and scipy functions, and the dynamic code generation appears intended for user inspection or execution within a controlled environment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of data transformation utilities with no evidence of malicious intent or harmful behavior. It is designed for data analysis workflows, with safe usage of pandas and scipy libraries. No malicious activity, backdoors, or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}