{
  "purpose": "The code manages and resolves Python type annotations within the Strawberry GraphQL framework, converting string or raw annotations into Strawberry-specific types for schema generation.",
  "sources": "Annotations provided as strings or objects, accessed during type resolution and evaluation, especially via the 'raw_annotation' attribute and the 'evaluate' method.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the 'eval_type' function, which evaluates string annotations potentially executing code or resolving types dynamically. Also, access to 'sys.modules' for namespace resolution.",
  "flows": "Annotations (source) are evaluated through 'eval_type' (sink), with the resolved types cached and used for further type creation or resolution, including handling of lazy types, enums, optionals, unions, and Strawberry types.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'eval_type' on string annotations poses a potential risk if inputs are untrusted; dynamic access to 'sys.modules' for namespace setting is standard but could be exploited if module names are manipulated. No obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive annotation resolver that evaluates annotations, caches results, and creates appropriate Strawberry types. It carefully distinguishes between different type categories (enums, optionals, unions, lazy types, etc.). The reliance on 'eval_type' is typical in schema compilation but warrants trust in its safety. The use of 'sys.modules' for namespace setting is standard. No external system calls, network activity, or data exfiltration observed. The code is well-structured, clear, and free of obfuscation. The primary security concern is the evaluation of string annotations, which is controlled within the framework.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, legitimate part of Strawberry's type handling system. It does not contain malicious behavior or obfuscation. The only potential risk stems from evaluating string annotations with 'eval_type', which should be trusted within the framework's context. Overall, it is safe and appropriate for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}