{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class StrawberryAnnotation for handling and resolving type annotations in a GraphQL schema using Strawberry library, including type evaluation, resolution, and creation of various GraphQL types.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to class methods such as annotation, namespace, field, and raw_annotation; evaluation of annotations through eval_type; get_args and get_origin functions; module imports; class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Methods that instantiate or return complex types (create_list, create_optional, create_union, create_enum, create_concrete_type, create_type_var) potentially involved in schema generation; no direct data sinks such as network or file I/O; no code that executes untrusted input or performs insecure operations.",
  "flows": "Annotations provided to StrawberryAnnotation are evaluated and resolved, potentially involving creation of types and enums; no flow leads to external systems, network, or file operations. The code primarily manipulates in-memory type objects and definitions.",
  "anomalies": "The code involves evaluation of string annotations, which could lead to import issues or evaluation errors, but these are handled via try/except. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. Usage of warnings for duplicate union detection is benign. The only potential concern is the dynamic evaluation of string annotations with eval_type, but this is standard and controlled within the schema compilation context.",
  "analysis": "The code is focused on handling and resolving Python type annotations into Strawberry GraphQL schema types. It includes multiple type checks, conversions, and object creations. No malicious code such as network access, file manipulation, code injection, or credential theft is present. The code does not perform any unsafe evaluation of external input or execute system commands. Its structure is standard for a type resolution class with cache optimization. All functions operate on in-memory data, and there are no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate schema handling logic with no signs of malware or security threats.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a type annotation handler for Strawberry GraphQL schemas, with no malicious behavior detected. It performs safe type evaluations and conversions, with appropriate handling of potential errors. No security risks or malware indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}