{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a core component of a GraphQL schema definition library, specifically for handling annotations and type resolution within Strawberry GraphQL.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from type annotations, class attributes, and module imports. It also interacts with system modules and external libraries for type evaluation and resolution.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include evaluation of annotations (which could execute code if eval_type is unsafe), creation of types and enums, and dynamic resolution of annotations, which might lead to code execution if eval_type is compromised.",
  "flows": "Annotations or type strings are evaluated and resolved through eval_type, which then influences type creation and schema generation. Data flows from raw annotations through evaluation, caching, and into type or enum creation functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes dynamic evaluation of annotations with eval_type, which could be risky if eval_type is compromised. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls are evident. The code uses warnings.warn for duplicate union detection, which is benign. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are detected. The code relies on imported functions and classes, but these are standard for such a library.",
  "analysis": "The code's primary function is to evaluate and resolve type annotations for Strawberry GraphQL schema types. It uses eval_type for dynamic evaluation, which could be a security concern if eval_type is not trusted, but assuming it is a controlled utility, this is standard. No suspicious or malicious logic such as network activity, file operations, or backdoors is present. The code appears to handle type resolution, enum creation, and union handling safely, with proper caching. No hardcoded secrets or environment variable manipulations are observed. Overall, the code performs type management in a typical schema-building context without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of type annotation resolution within a GraphQL schema library. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware, but reliance on eval_type warrants trust in its safety. No security risks are evident beyond typical dynamic evaluation risks if eval_type is compromised. Overall, it appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}