{
  "purpose": "This code provides unit tests for the munkres library, specifically testing the assignment algorithms on various matrices, including float and integer matrices, and handling special cases like disallowed entries and irregular sizes.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from hardcoded matrices within each test function, including values and special tokens like DISALLOWED. No external input sources are used.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present that could lead to data leaks or execution effects. No network, file, or system command operations are detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the defined matrices (sources) through the _get_cost function and into the m.compute method, with the results compared to expected values. No untrusted data flow or manipulation is observed.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior. Usage of the DISALLOWED constant from the munkres library is expected for representing invalid entries, not malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly implements unit tests for the munkres assignment algorithm, including normal, float, and edge cases. It verifies correct functionality, including handling of disallowed entries and irregular matrix sizes. The usage of sys.maxsize for profit-to-cost conversion in tests is appropriate for maximizing the benefit calculation. No code indicates malicious behavior, data leakage, or sabotage. The presence of multiple test functions with varied matrices suggests thorough validation rather than obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a comprehensive suite of tests for the munkres library, with no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. All operations are limited to data validation, mathematical calculations, and expected exception handling. The code appears safe and aligned with testing practices.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}