{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of test cases for the 'munkres' library, specifically testing the Hungarian algorithm implementation for various matrix sizes, data types, and edge cases.",
  "sources": "Code reads hardcoded matrices defined within test functions. No external input sources are used.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that send data over the network, write to files, or execute commands based on untrusted data. The code uses library functions to compute assignments.",
  "flows": "Input matrices are processed by 'm.compute' or 'm.pad_matrix'. Results are used solely for assertions within tests; no data is transmitted externally or used maliciously.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior, such as dynamic code execution, obfuscated strings, or backdoors, is observed. Usage of 'DISALLOWED' constant is for handling special matrix values and is part of library testing, not malicious intent. The comment in 'test_20_x_20_float' about mandatory 'places' argument is a normal explanation for numerical precision handling.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly performs test cases on a well-known library, with no signs of malicious code. It tests the Hungarian algorithm implementation for correctness and edge cases, including irregular matrices, float values, disallowed values, and unsolvable cases. Usage of 'sys.maxsize' for profit-to-cost conversion is a typical approach. There are no network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration activities. The code appears to be standard test code for validating a third-party library's correctness, with no hidden or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard test suite for the 'munkres' library, with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It does not contain harmful code, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. Its purpose is to validate algorithm correctness, not to harm or compromise systems.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}