{
  "purpose": "This code implements and tests the Hungarian (Kuhn-Munkres) algorithm for assignment problems, calculating optimal matches and costs, including handling of disallowed entries and profit-to-cost conversions.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are the matrices defined within each test function, including hardcoded numeric values and constants like DISALLOWED. Data is read directly from these in-memory structures.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks where untrusted data from external sources is used; all data is internally generated and controlled within the test functions.",
  "flows": "The data flows from predefined matrices through the _get_cost function into the m.compute method, which calculates assignments. No untrusted or external data flows into the system.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies or unusual code behaviors such as obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or suspicious dynamic execution. Usage of DISALLOWED is standard within the munkres library for representing invalid entries. The only notable aspect is the comment about setting 'places' argument in float examples, but this is normal and documented behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily imports the munkres library, defines test functions to verify correctness of the assignment algorithm on various matrix sizes and types, including float and integer matrices, rectangular matrices, and matrices with DISALLOWED entries. It tests normal scenarios, edge cases like unsolvable matrices, and profit-based transformations. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or data leakage mechanisms are present. The use of sys.maxsize in profit tests is a legitimate method for converting maximization to minimization. There are no signs of code injection, backdoors, or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive set of tests for the munkres assignment algorithm, operating solely on controlled, hardcoded data. It does not contain any malicious code, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. It follows standard practices for such algorithm validation.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}