{
  "purpose": "Template for implementing new probabilistic regressors in skpro, serving as a guide for developers to create custom estimators following the framework's standards.",
  "sources": "User-defined parameters in __init__, data inputs in _fit and prediction methods, imported modules inside methods for dependencies, and placeholders for core logic such as values in prediction methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks if inputs or parameters are maliciously crafted and used in prediction or fit functions, though no direct data exfiltration or harmful system actions are present.",
  "flows": "Inputs from X and y in _fit flow into model training, which sets fitted attributes. These attributes then influence predictions in _predict, _predict_proba, and other prediction methods. Data dependencies are minimal and mostly placeholders.",
  "anomalies": "Code consists mostly of template comments, placeholders, and instructions. No actual logic or data processing implemented. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or hidden behaviors detected. The import of 'SomeDistribution' is generic and not linked to malicious modules. No obfuscated code or unusual constructs observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive template with detailed instructions for developing a custom probabilistic regressor. It includes placeholders for core methods, detailed docstrings, and guidance for implementation. The only import of note is a generic distribution class, which appears to be a placeholder. There are no signs of code that perform malicious actions, data exfiltration, or system harm. The structure is designed solely for developer use to create legitimate estimators, with no evidence of hidden or malicious behavior embedded.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is an intentionally generic template for estimator development with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It contains no harmful logic or obfuscated code, serving purely as a scaffold for legitimate estimator implementation.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}