{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client interface for interacting with the HelloSign API's embedded document editing and signing features.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments such as 'template_id', 'embedded_edit_url_request', and 'signature_id'. It also reads configuration data from imported modules and the API client setup.",
  "sinks": "The code sends HTTP requests to external API endpoints, which could potentially leak data if misused. It receives responses that may include URL tokens or error messages. No direct data leaks or unsafe data handling are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are passed into API call methods, which construct and execute HTTP requests. Responses are deserialized into response objects or error objects, with special handling for HTTP 200 status and error codes.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be auto-generated, with no hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or unusual logic. Error handling uses a range-based approach but does not execute or evaluate untrusted code or contain hidden backdoors. No suspicious data processing or code injections are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a generated API client wrapper that facilitates communication with external HelloSign services. It handles request parameters and response deserialization securely, with no signs of malicious behavior. The only concern might be if the API keys or sensitive data are embedded elsewhere or improperly stored, but this is not visible in this snippet. The code does not include any dynamic code execution, hidden backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. Its structure follows standard API client design patterns, and no anomalies or malicious intent are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, auto-generated client interface for HelloSign's embedded features, with no evident malicious behavior or security risks within this fragment. It securely manages API requests and responses, assuming external security measures protect API keys and credentials.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}