{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python client interface for interacting with the HelloSign API's embedded signing and editing URL endpoints.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments such as 'template_id', 'embedded_edit_url_request', and 'signature_id'. It also imports modules like 're', 'sys', and SDK components.",
  "sinks": "The code uses API endpoints to send data to external services and receive responses, deserializing responses into model objects. It handles request parameters and API responses but does not perform insecure operations.",
  "flows": "Input arguments are passed to API call functions; these data are used as path or body parameters, then sent via HTTP requests to HelloSign servers, with responses processed accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. Exception handling is standard for API responses. No unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or malicious code are present. The try-except blocks process API exceptions but do not execute arbitrary code or send data externally outside the API context.",
  "analysis": "The script is an auto-generated client for HelloSign's embedded signing and editing URL features, with standard API interaction patterns. It imports modules, defines API endpoints with configurations, and provides methods for retrieving URLs using provided IDs. Exception handling interprets server responses and deserializes data accordingly. No signs of malicious code, data leaks, or security exploits are present. The code primarily performs network requests and response processing typical for SDKs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward API client implementation for HelloSign's embedded URL features. It does not include any malicious, backdoor, or malicious behavior, nor does it contain suspicious code patterns. Its functionality is limited to API request handling and response processing without external or hidden actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}