{
  "purpose": "The code supports signature verification using cryptographic methods, certificates, and key management for validating signatures on images.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from base64-encoded signature data, cryptographic certificates retrieved from a key manager via UUID, and image property dictionaries.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs verifiers, cryptographic objects, and logs; it does not write to external systems or network directly. No clear data leaks or malicious sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (base64 signatures, UUIDs, hash method names, key types, image properties) flow into cryptographic decoding, certificate retrieval, public key extraction, and verifier creation. No untrusted data flows into network or system modification functions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code uses well-known cryptography libraries and performs standard signature verification procedures. No obfuscated code or malicious behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a standard framework for signature verification, including decoding base64 signatures, retrieving certificates, validating key types, and creating cryptographic verifiers. It employs proper exception handling and logging. The cryptography use appears appropriate and safe. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, system compromise, or hidden backdoors. The code relies on external libraries and a key manager API, which are standard components and do not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code seems to perform its intended purpose securely without malicious modifications.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of signature verification processes for images, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It follows best practices for cryptographic validation and error handling. No indicators of malware or security risks are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}