{
  "purpose": "This code provides support for signature verification using various cryptographic algorithms and key types, primarily to verify digital signatures on images or data using certificates retrieved from a key management system.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from inputs such as image properties (signature, hash method, key type, certificate UUID), and from the key management system (via get_certificate). It also reads configuration like supported hash methods and elliptic curves.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if sensitive data such as signature, hash method, or certificate UUID are improperly handled or logged. The code logs errors but does not directly leak sensitive information. No dangerous data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Inputs like signature data, hash method, key type, and certificate UUID are processed through decoding, validation, and cryptographic verification functions, leading to retrieval of certificates and creation of verifiers. No external network or file writes occur in the provided code.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors. All cryptographic operations use standard libraries, and the code performs expected validation and exception handling. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard cryptographic signature verification procedures. It validates input properties, decodes base64 signatures, retrieves certificates securely via a key manager API, and creates cryptographic verifier objects based on key types. The code performs proper type checking, error handling, and adheres to best practices for cryptographic operations. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration are observed. It strictly handles cryptographic validation with no network communication or file modification. The only minor concern is logging errors which could potentially leak information, but it is standard practice for debugging and not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of signature verification support, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It follows standard cryptographic practices, uses safe library functions, and has no suspicious code or data leaks. It is safe to use from a security perspective based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}