{
  "purpose": "The code is designed as a set of unit tests for managing and configuring Azure SQL resources, including servers, firewalls, virtual networks, and related policies, primarily for testing deployment and management functionalities.",
  "sources": "Input data includes hardcoded strings for server names, resource groups, credentials, and configuration parameters, as well as environment variables such as TENANT_ID, CLIENT_OID, and SUBSCRIPTION_ID. Data is read from function parameters and environment settings.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calls to Azure management client methods that perform resource creation, updates, deletions, and configuration changes. Credentials and sensitive data (e.g., passwords, keys) are provided as parameters in these calls. Data flows from input sources (hardcoded or environment variables) to these Azure API calls.",
  "flows": "Untrusted or sensitive input flows into API calls via parameters for resource configuration, such as passwords, access keys, and resource identifiers. For example, server creation uses hardcoded passwords; storage access keys are either hardcoded or retrieved dynamically. These data points flow into management API methods which modify or access Azure resources.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains hardcoded credentials such as passwords ('Un53cuRE!') and access keys ('accesskey'), which are security risks. Several test functions are skipped, indicating testing may be incomplete. No evidence of malicious code like network connections to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or backdoors is present. Usage of environment variables appears standard, but sensitive information is hardcoded in some cases.",
  "analysis": "The script performs resource management operations in Azure, including creating servers, configuring policies, managing network rules, and deleting resources. Sensitive credentials are hardcoded within the test setup, which poses security concerns but is typical for test scripts. The code predominantly interacts with Azure SDK APIs; there are no suspicious network activities, code injection, or backdoors. Many test functions are intentionally skipped, indicating limited active testing. Overall, the code is structured for legitimate resource management tasks without signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of Azure resource management tests with hardcoded credentials and configuration parameters. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security sabotage. The primary security concern is the use of hardcoded secrets, which should be replaced with secure environment variables. The overall security risk is low, with no malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}