{
  "purpose": "This module provides tools for manipulating, analyzing, and upgrading Python function signatures, including signature merging, masking parameters, embedding signatures, and handling annotations.",
  "sources": "Imports modules such as sys, types, itertools, collections, warnings, attr, and sigtools._util. It reads data from function objects, parameters, annotations, and signature objects. Functions access global attributes, function globals, and class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Uses eval() in _PostponedAnnotation.source_value() to evaluate deferred annotations. Reads function parameters, annotations, defaults, and signature components. No sinks perform untrusted data output or network connections.",
  "flows": "Annotations (raw strings) may flow into eval() within _PostponedAnnotation.source_value(). Signature parameters, defaults, and annotations flow between functions like _upgrade_parameters_with_warning, signature, and embed. The eval() in source_value() is a potential source of code execution if annotations are maliciously crafted as code strings.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of eval() for deferred annotation evaluation is a potential anomaly, especially if annotations can be influenced by untrusted sources. The code relies heavily on warnings and deprecation notices, indicating possible future interface changes. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious string patterns detected. Usage of dynamic features like eval, and the ability to merge and embed signatures could be exploited if inputs are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a comprehensive signature manipulation toolkit, with functions to upgrade, merge, mask, and embed function signatures. The only notable security concern is the use of eval() in _PostponedAnnotation.source_value(), which evaluates annotation expressions that could be crafted maliciously if annotations are user-controlled. The rest of the code performs logical, structured processing of function signatures and annotations without any network activity or data exfiltration. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The eval() usage is a known pattern for deferred evaluation of annotations, but it could be exploited if annotations originate from untrusted sources.",
  "conclusion": "The code itself is a legitimate signature manipulation library with no inherent malicious intent. The primary security concern is the eval() in _PostponedAnnotation.source_value(), which can execute arbitrary code if annotations are maliciously provided. If annotations are controlled by untrusted input, this could be exploited to execute malicious code. Otherwise, the code is standard and safe within its intended scope.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}