{
  "purpose": "Version management and git integration for Python projects, involving reading and updating version info, executing git commands, and manipulating version strings.",
  "sources": "Reading files such as setup.py, version files, _version.py, setup.cfg; executing subprocess commands for git operations; reading environment variables and configuration files.",
  "sinks": "Execution of subprocess commands that invoke git; reading and writing version files; modifying .gitattributes; no evidence of data leaks or malicious system modifications.",
  "flows": "Source: file reads and subprocess command outputs; Sink: subprocess execution, file modifications; Flow: reading version info -> executing git commands -> parsing outputs -> updating version files.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable names, complex regex parsing, dynamic subprocess commands, superficial obfuscation of code structure, variable naming that suggests code generation or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a version management utility interfacing with git, performing file reads/writes, executing subprocess commands, and parsing version info. No signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or sabotage are evident. Obfuscation appears superficial, likely due to variable naming or code generation. The subprocess calls and file manipulations are standard for such tools. No data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious system modifications are present. The code's purpose aligns with legitimate version control tools like Versioneer. Risks are mainly supply chain related, due to external command execution and file modifications, but no malicious activity is detected. Confidence is high (0.9). Malware score is 0, obfuscation is moderate (~0.6), and security risk is low (~0.2).",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate, if obfuscated, version management utility for Python projects. It does not contain malware or sabotage. The obfuscation is superficial and typical for such tools. The main security concern is supply chain integrity, but no malicious activity is evident. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate and consistent with the code content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}