{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python class 'Cursor' that wraps ArangoDB cursor API operations, enabling fetching, iterating, and managing query result batches from an ArangoDB server.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the 'init_data' parameter during initialization, server responses via 'send_request' method, and cursor state is maintained internally.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data sinks include the 'resp.body' data used to update cursor state, and the request endpoint constructed with cursor ID.",
  "flows": "Data flows from server response 'resp.body' into the '_update' method, which updates internal cursor state and batch data; user code can invoke 'fetch' to trigger server requests; 'pop' and 'next' methods read from the internal batch.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic URL construction for API endpoints based on cursor ID and optional 'nextBatchId'. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. There is no evident use of eval, exec, or dynamic code execution. The only user-input-related data are the cursor ID and server responses, which are handled securely via API calls. No obfuscation or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard cursor management functions with proper request handling, error raising, and state updates. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden code. The data flows from the server into the cursor object in a controlled manner. The dynamic construction of request endpoints is a normal pattern. No hardcoded credentials, environment variable misuse, or unsafe code practices are observed. The code relies on the 'send_request' method of the connection object, which is outside the scope of this analysis but presumed to be a typical HTTP request handler. No obfuscated code, malicious payloads, or suspicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a cursor wrapper for database query results. It does not contain malicious code, sabotage, or malware. The data flow and functions are typical for such a utility. Overall, the code appears secure with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}