{
  "purpose": "The code dynamically generates Python code for React-style widget components based on widget class traits, using introspection, templating, and code execution via exec(). It formats code with ruff and performs type checking with mypy, then writes the generated code into files, replacing marked sections.",
  "sources": "Reads class traits and default values from imported widget classes, inspects modules for widget subclasses, and reads input modules for code generation.",
  "sinks": "Executes generated code with exec(), invokes external formatting with ruff via subprocess, and runs mypy for type validation.",
  "flows": "Source data from class traits and modules flows into code templates, which are rendered into code strings, then executed via exec(). External tools process the code before or after generation.",
  "anomalies": "Uses exec() on dynamically generated code without sandboxing or validation, which poses security risks. No malicious payloads or obfuscated code detected. External subprocess calls are standard but could be exploited if inputs are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a legitimate code generator for React widget components, relying on introspection and string templating. The primary security concern is the use of exec() to run generated code, which could execute malicious payloads if input modules are compromised. External tools like ruff and mypy are invoked via subprocesses, which are standard but should be used cautiously. No signs of malware, backdoors, or data exfiltration are present. The code is transparent and not obfuscated. The risk stems from executing untrusted code, but no malicious activity is evident. The malware score is 0, and the obfuscated score is 0. The security risk score is moderate (~0.4), reflecting the inherent danger of dynamic code execution but no active malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, complex code generation utility with inherent risks due to dynamic execution via exec(). There is no evidence of malicious payloads, backdoors, or sabotage. The main concern is executing untrusted code, which should be mitigated with validation or sandboxing in production. The current assessment assigns a malware score of 0, obfuscated score of 0, and a moderate security risk (~0.4).",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}