{
  "purpose": "The code implements an asynchronous base API client class for making HTTP requests to a specified URL with configurable headers, authorization, and request parameters.",
  "sources": "User-provided parameters such as 'headers', 'jwt', 'query', 'body', and 'path' in the '_request' method; configuration constants imported from '..constants'.",
  "sinks": "The 'headers' dictionary and 'query' parameters used in the HTTP request can carry untrusted data that influences request behavior. The 'json' payload can include data from 'body', which may originate from external sources.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input from method parameters (headers, jwt, query, body, path) flows into the constructed HTTP request, influencing headers, URL, query parameters, and request body sent to the external server.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or unusual language features. No hardcoded secrets are evident. Use of standard libraries and methods for HTTP requests. The code appears structured and standard for an async API client.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs an asynchronous HTTP client class with methods for managing requests. It dynamically sets headers, including versioning and authorization, based on input parameters and constants. It handles exceptions via a helper function. There is no evidence of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The inputs are used to build request parameters, and the data flows into network calls without apparent insecure handling. The use of 'model_dump' for serializing the body and response handling appears standard. No suspicious or malicious actions are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured asynchronous API client with no signs of malicious intent. It operates by sending user-controlled data to external endpoints, which is standard for such components, but no malicious or sabotage behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}