{
  "purpose": "Provides a dynamic plugin system that loads modules and classes based on configuration or runtime data, facilitating extensibility.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from configuration dictionaries, class attributes (__implementation_package__, __default_implementation__), and function parameters for creating instances.",
  "sinks": "Dynamic importlib.import_module calls and getattr for class retrieval, which can execute untrusted code if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., implementation names, config dictionaries) flow into importlib.import_module and getattr, leading to class instantiation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code patterns. The primary concern is reliance on untrusted input for module/class loading.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard Python reflection and import mechanisms to load implementations dynamically. While this pattern is common in plugin architectures, it introduces potential security risks if implementation names or module sources are untrusted. No embedded malware, obfuscation, or malicious behavior is evident. The main risk stems from unvalidated inputs leading to the loading of malicious modules, which could be exploited in supply chain attacks. The malware score is set to 0, consistent with the absence of malicious code. The security risk score is moderate (~0.4), reflecting the potential for exploitation if inputs are not sanitized. The code's structure and logic are sound, and the scores are justified based on the analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign plugin loader that relies on dynamic imports, which can be risky if inputs are untrusted. No malware or obfuscation is present. The primary security concern is supply chain or injection attacks via malicious modules if implementation names are manipulated. Proper validation and whitelisting of implementation identifiers are recommended to mitigate risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}