{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate and save ECG plots, primarily for visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "Inputs are read from function parameters, such as 'ecg' data, configuration options, and file paths. No external data sources or untrusted input streams are explicitly used.",
  "sinks": "The code saves figures to files and opens SVG files using system commands. These actions are not inherently malicious but could be misused if the file paths are manipulated externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., ECG data) into plotting functions, then into file-saving functions. No external network communications or data exfiltration methods are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains highly obfuscated variable and function names, which obscure its intent. There is a global counter for file naming. The plotting functions include unconventional parameter naming and style configurations, but no suspicious logic is evident. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are found. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation techniques are present beyond naming. The 'os.system' call to open files is unusual but not malicious in itself.",
  "analysis": "The script defines multiple functions for plotting ECG data, saving plots as SVG, PNG, or JPG, and managing temporary files. The functions utilize matplotlib for plotting, with some custom styling and labeling. The use of obfuscated variable names suggests an attempt to hide the purpose, but the code logic aligns with standard plotting routines. No network activity, data collection, or system compromise mechanisms are detected. The 'os.system' command to open files is the only potentially unusual behavior, which might be used for automated visualization but is not malicious per se.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a set of plotting utilities for ECG data, with no signs of malicious intent or supply chain attack vectors. The obfuscation seems intended to conceal its purpose but does not demonstrate malicious behavior. The 'os.system' call to open files could be misused if integrated into a larger malicious framework, but within this isolated analysis, it is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}