{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to plot ECG data, save the plots in various formats, and display them using system commands. It includes functions for plotting signals, saving figures, and managing plot aesthetics.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'ecg' variable, which contains the ECG signals. It also reads configuration parameters such as plot limits, titles, and filenames for saving images.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of 'os.system' commands to open saved image files, which could be exploited if filenames are manipulated or if external input influences the commands. No other untrusted data flows are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'ecg' input into plotting functions, which generate visualizations. The filenames generated for saving images are used in system commands to open files, creating a source-to-sink path that could be exploited if filenames are untrusted.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated variable and function names, which suggest intentional concealment. There is a suspicious call to 'plt.PqUFSMkUwTwwAuRFOYewHshhhiZROWwd()', which appears to be a typo or obfuscation artifact. The use of 'os.system' to open files without validation is also noteworthy.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily plots ECG signals, saves figures in SVG, PNG, and JPG formats, and opens these files via system commands. Obfuscated naming and nonsensical function calls indicate possible code concealment but do not inherently imply malicious intent. The use of 'os.system' to open files could be exploited if filenames are manipulated, but in this context, it appears to be for visualization purposes. No network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The code does not perform any malicious actions such as system modification, data theft, or remote access. The obfuscation seems to serve to hinder reverse engineering rather than to conceal malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate ECG plotting utility with obfuscated naming. There is no evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious sabotage. The main security concern is the use of system commands to open files, which could be exploited if filenames are externally manipulated. Overall, the supply chain security risk is low, but caution should be exercised regarding the obfuscation and system command usage.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}