{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate and save ECG plot images, primarily using matplotlib, for visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the 'ecg' argument in plotting functions, and the code reads the 'tmp_path' and other parameters for file saving.",
  "sinks": "The code saves plots as SVG, PNG, SVG, and JPG files, and executes system commands to open files and potentially close plots.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'ecg' input through plotting functions, with the file paths being constructed from parameters and then used in save and open commands.",
  "anomalies": "The function 'BKWUVbZloXoOsNCwQhXQUMvyYgfrCnJq' calls 'plt.PqUFSMkUwTwwAuRFOYewHshhhiZROWwd()' which appears to be an invalid function, possibly a typo or obfuscation; filenames are generated with a counter but no evident malicious pattern. The code uses os.system to open files, which can be risky, but in this context, it only opens saved plots. The variable and function names are nonsensical or obfuscated, suggesting possible code hiding or obfuscation, but no clear malicious logic is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles plotting ECG data and saving figures in various formats. It employs functions to generate ECG plots with configurable options, including plotting multiple subplots and customizing appearance. It saves plots to specific paths and can open them with the default image viewer via 'os.system'. The use of obfuscated or nonsensical function and variable names indicates potential code obfuscation, but no behavior suggests malicious intent such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. The 'os.system' command is used to open files, which is typical in visualization scripts. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials, network connections, or data theft mechanisms. The only suspicious element is the call to an undefined 'plt.PqUFSMkUwTwwAuRFOYewHshhhiZROWwd()', which appears to be a typo or placeholder, but it does not indicate malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily for ECG data visualization and image saving. Despite obfuscated naming and a potential typo, there is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. It appears to be legitimate plotting utility code with minimal security concern.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}