{
  "purpose": "This code implements a comprehensive technical analysis system for trading strategies, analyzing multiple indicators and combining signals for different tickers.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'state' object, including 'data' for date ranges and tickers, and price data fetched via 'get_prices'. It also reads indicator parameters and calculations within functions.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations locally; it does not send data over networks or write to external systems. It generates JSON messages for reporting but does not write or transmit data externally.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the 'state' object into functions that process price data, compute indicators, generate signals, and finally compile a report. The signals are combined and stored back in the 'state'. The final JSON message is created with the combined analysis.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. The code is focused on mathematical calculations and data transformations. No unusual or misleading code structures or obfuscated elements are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs multiple standard financial calculations (EMA, ADX, RSI, Bollinger Bands, Hurst exponent) using well-known libraries like pandas and numpy. It reads price data through 'get_prices', processes it for various indicators, and combines signals using a weighted approach. No external network communication, file writing, or data exfiltration occurs. The functions are standard in financial analysis; no indicators of malicious intent such as data theft, system interference, or covert data transmission are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate technical analysis tool for trading strategies, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It employs common financial calculations and reports results via JSON. No suspicious or malicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}