{
  "purpose": "A Python SDK to facilitate interaction with the Claude CLI tool, allowing users to send prompts and receive responses, with configurable options such as tools, output format, and streaming.",
  "sources": "User-provided 'prompt' parameter, environment variables (via os.getcwd()), and optional arguments in method calls.",
  "sinks": "Execution of external subprocesses ('claude' CLI command), reading process output, and potentially propagating errors or command results.",
  "flows": "Input prompt flows into subprocess command arguments; subprocess outputs are read and returned or printed; additional arguments modify command-line parameters; run_with_tools temporarily changes allowed tools, then reverts.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code executes an external CLI without sanitizing inputs but relies on external commands (trusted in context). No obfuscated code features or unusual language constructs detected. No use of untrusted data sources beyond user prompts.",
  "analysis": "The code acts as a wrapper for executing the 'claude' CLI tool, dynamically constructing command-line arguments based on user input and internal defaults. It handles subprocess execution with options for streaming output or capturing results, and includes a method to temporarily modify allowed tools. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The subprocess calls are standard, and parameters are derived from user input but not directly inserted into shell commands in an unsafe manner (passed as list arguments). The code lacks hardcoded secrets or credentials, and no suspicious network activity or file modifications are present. It interacts only with the external CLI, which is assumed to be trusted. No obfuscated code or hidden malicious logic identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a straightforward wrapper for an external CLI tool, with no apparent malicious intent or security risks. It does not process untrusted data in a dangerous way, nor does it perform any malicious operations. The main concern is ensuring that user inputs to subprocess commands are sanitized, but as written, the command is constructed as a list, reducing injection risk. Overall, the code appears safe and non-malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}