{
  "purpose": "The code implements a dependency injection container (Lagom) that manages object creation and dependency resolution via reflection and type annotations, allowing for flexible and lazy dependency management.",
  "sources": "Type annotations, function signatures, class constructors, and registration methods within the container.",
  "sinks": "Reflection-based object instantiation, dynamic registration, and resolution processes that could potentially be influenced if untrusted data types are registered or resolved.",
  "flows": "Type registration via 'define' leading to stored definitions, which are then resolved through reflection during 'resolve' calls, with data flowing from type annotations and registration inputs to object creation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscation, or malicious code patterns detected. Reflection is used as intended for dependency injection, with no external malicious data processed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard dependency injection framework utilizing reflection for dynamic object creation. It includes mechanisms for registering types, resolving dependencies, handling optional and awaitable types, and managing singleton instances. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or obfuscation are present. Reflection and dynamic instantiation are typical in DI containers but could pose risks if untrusted data influences registration or resolution. The code's structure and error handling are robust, with safeguards against circular dependencies and unresolvable types. The reflection usage is standard and does not indicate malicious intent. The assigned scores in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, low security risk ~0.1-0.2) are consistent with the code's behavior and typical for such frameworks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, standard dependency injection container that employs reflection for dependency resolution. There are no signs of malicious activity, sabotage, or obfuscation. The reflection-based design introduces minimal risk when inputs are trusted, and no external malicious data is evident. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate and consistent with the analysis. Overall, the code is safe and suitable for use in dependency management scenarios.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}