{
  "purpose": "This code implements a dependency injection container system, allowing registration, resolution, and management of dependencies for Python applications.",
  "sources": "Reads data from method parameters, class constructors, and the container's internal registered types for dependency resolution.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include dynamic object construction via reflection and function invocation, which could lead to injection of malicious dependencies if user input influences registration or resolution (although no explicit external input handling is shown here).",
  "flows": "Sources such as type annotations and constructor parameters flow into dependency resolution methods; these are used to instantiate objects through reflection or registered definitions. Resolutions flow into object creation, which could be exploited if malicious dependencies are registered.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. The code extensively uses reflection and dynamic object creation, which is standard for dependency containers but could be risky if external input is injected into registration. The code allows dynamic registration of types and resolution logic, but no evident malicious intent or malicious code segments are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a dependency injection container with features such as registration, resolution, and temporary contexts. It uses reflection to instantiate types and supports dynamic dependency resolution based on type annotations. No hardcoded credentials, network communications, file modifications, or external data leaks are present. The dynamic reflection and injection mechanisms are typical for such frameworks, with no signs of malicious behavior. The code appears to be well-structured and aimed solely at dependency management without external input handling that could lead to injection attacks. There are no backdoors, network calls, or other malicious functionalities detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard dependency injection container implementation with no malicious behavior or sabotage evident. It relies on reflection and registration to manage dependencies, which is typical for such frameworks. No suspicious or malicious patterns are observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}