{
  "purpose": "This code implements a dependency injection container (Lagom) for Python, facilitating object construction and management through type definitions, reflection, and configuration.",
  "sources": "The code reads input/data from function arguments, type annotations, and external dependencies like imported modules and environment (via logging). It does not appear to process untrusted external data inputs directly.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points include logging statements that could expose internal type information, and the reflection mechanism which may access object attributes or metadata. No evidence of network connections or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters and type annotations through reflection and resolution methods to object instantiation. The container resolves dependencies by mapping types to constructors/resolvers, which are then called to produce objects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation are present. The code employs standard dependency injection patterns. The reflection usage is typical for such frameworks. No suspicious external network or file modifications are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of a dependency injection container with methods for defining, resolving, cloning, and temporarily overriding dependencies. It uses reflection to instantiate classes and manages type definitions carefully. No malicious behavior such as system damage, data exfiltration, or network activity is evident. Logging is used for diagnostics without revealing sensitive data. The overall structure adheres to expected patterns, with no signs of sabotage or covert malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate dependency injection framework without malicious intent. It does not perform any harmful actions, nor does it include obfuscated or suspicious features. The reflection and logging mechanisms are standard for such systems, and no malicious signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}