{
  "purpose": "The code imports numerous modules, models, and exception classes related to the Slurm REST API SDK, serving as a dependency or SDK package setup for interacting with Slurm clusters.",
  "sources": "The code reads data mainly from imported modules, including class definitions, models, and exception classes. There are no external input sources such as user input, environment variables, or network sources.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that process untrusted data or perform actions with potential security impact, such as network connections, file writes, or command executions.",
  "flows": "The code flows from importing modules and classes (sources) into setting up a structured SDK package. No data is processed or transferred between sources and sinks; the code only sets up dependencies.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies, hardcoded secrets, or unusual code behaviors. The code appears to be standard dependency setup and module import statements. No obfuscation, no dynamic code execution, no hidden or malicious code segments.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard set of import statements for an SDK related to the Slurm REST API. It imports models, exceptions, and API classes from a package named 'aind_slurm_rest_v2'. The content consists solely of module imports, with no runtime logic, data handling, or external input/output mechanisms. It appears to be auto-generated or boilerplate code for SDK initialization. No suspicious patterns, hardcoded credentials, or malicious behaviors are evident. The structure and format are consistent with normal dependency setup files.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a dependency import setup for a Python SDK interacting with Slurm, with no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It is a typical module import pattern with no active processing or data manipulation. Therefore, it poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}