{
  "purpose": "Securely store and retrieve encrypted tokens using user credentials, employing cryptographic best practices with salt, key derivation, and expiration handling.",
  "sources": "User input for username and password; file system for reading/writing JSON token files",
  "sinks": "Encrypted token data stored in JSON files; no network or external data sinks present",
  "flows": "User credentials are used to generate filename and derive encryption key; salt is retrieved or generated; token is encrypted/decrypted via Fernet; data is stored/read from JSON files",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns; salt stored within the same JSON file as token, which is common but slightly less secure; filename derived from hashed credentials to prevent direct exposure",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard cryptographic practices: PBKDF2HMAC with SHA256, Fernet encryption, per-user salts, and token expiration checks. Filenames are generated via hashing username and password, preventing direct credential exposure. Salt is stored within the JSON token file, which is typical but could be a minor security concern if the file is compromised. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious network activity, obfuscation, or malicious behavior are detected. The logic is consistent, and the cryptographic methods are correctly used. The scores assigned (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2) are appropriate given the implementation. Minor concerns about salt storage do not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, secure token storage mechanism with no signs of malicious activity or supply chain security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, cryptographically sound implementation for token encryption and storage. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, obfuscation, or significant security risks. The low risk score of 0.2 is justified, and the malware and obfuscation scores of 0 are appropriate. No adjustments are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}