{
  "purpose": "Implements the Python DB API 2.0 (PEP 249) for connecting to Impala and HiveServer2, providing functions for establishing database connections and type handling.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as host, port, user credentials, auth mechanisms, and optional JWT tokens. These are provided by the user or calling application.",
  "sinks": "Sensitive data such as user credentials (user, password), and JWT tokens are handled, but only within the controlled connection process. No direct data leaks or external data transmissions are present in the code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into the connect() function, which validates and processes them, then calls hs2.connect() and constructs a connection object. Credentials and configuration flow only within the process, with no external or malicious data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. Use of deprecated parameters with warnings, standard import practices, and straightforward connection logic. No obfuscation or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on establishing database connections to Impala/HiveServer2, with parameter validation, deprecation warnings, and exception handling. No external network calls, data exfiltration, or malicious code patterns are evident. Usage of external libraries (six, impala.error, impala.util, impala.hiveserver2) appears standard. Security concerns are minimal; the code only processes user input for connection setup, with no indications of malicious intent or behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard database connection implementation with proper validation, deprecation warnings, and clear parameter handling. No malicious or sabotage behavior is identified. The likelihood of malware or malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}