{
  "purpose": "The code performs statistical analysis on Spark DataFrames, including descriptive statistics, t-tests, and Kolmogorov-Smirnov tests.",
  "sources": "Reading data from Spark DataFrame columns, converting to Pandas DataFrame, mapping to Java objects, and accessing Java classes and methods.",
  "sinks": "Interaction with Java Virtual Machine (JVM) classes and methods, especially for statistical testing, and conversion of data to Java objects for JVM calls.",
  "flows": "Data is read from Spark DataFrame columns, processed into numerical arrays, converted into Java objects, and then passed into JVM statistical test functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behavior observed. The code primarily interfaces with standard JVM classes for statistical analysis. No suspicious data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious code is present. No obfuscated code or misleading variable names.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard libraries and Spark MLlib classes for statistical computations. Functions convert Spark DataFrame columns into Python lists, then into Java objects for statistical testing. The code uses standard distributions and statistical methods, leveraging well-known Java classes from Apache Commons Math and Spark. No data leakage, insecure code, or malicious behavior is evident. All interactions are with expected Java classes for statistical calculations. No external network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors detected. The code appears legitimate, designed solely for statistical analysis within a Spark environment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of statistical testing functions within a Spark environment, utilizing Java classes for core computations. There is no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The interactions with Java classes are standard for such statistical analyses. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}