{
  "purpose": "The code implements a routing and application framework for ASGI-compatible web applications, including route matching, middleware handling, lifespan management, and WebSocket support.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from request scopes, headers, URL paths, and route parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include URL path generation, request handling, response dispatch, and exception handling, which could potentially be misused to inject malicious responses or perform request smuggling if misconfigured.",
  "flows": "Data flows from incoming request scope to route matching, possibly leading to request handlers or middleware, and then responses are sent back through the response functions. Route parameters are extracted and replaced during URL generation. Exceptions can propagate to error handlers.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code uses deprecated warning messages and deprecated API warnings, but these are standard deprecation notices. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. The code handles errors gracefully without executing untrusted code. No hidden backdoors or malicious system modifications are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a robust routing framework for ASGI applications, managing route matching, parameter replacement, lifespan events, and WebSocket sessions. It uses standard patterns, includes deprecation warnings, and handles errors properly. No signs of malicious behavior such as code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The only minor concern could be the reliance on deprecated APIs or warning misuse, but these do not constitute security threats. Overall, the code appears clean, purpose-driven, and free of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code serves as a routing and application management framework for ASGI apps, with no evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior. It is well-structured, with standard practices, and does not include any harmful logic or suspicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}