{
  "purpose": "This code implements a routing framework for ASGI applications, including handling HTTP, WebSocket, and lifespan events, with support for nested routes, middleware, and lifecycle management.",
  "sources": "Input sources include scope parameters from ASGI requests, URL path parameters, headers for host matching, and route definitions. Data is read primarily from the scope, headers, and route configurations.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could flow into URL parameters, headers, and request data. These are used to match routes and generate URLs but are not directly executed or evaluated as code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from scope and headers into route matching and URL generation functions. Route parameters are extracted, converted, and used to produce URL paths. No data is used in a way that executes or interprets untrusted input as code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code contains warnings about deprecated features but no malicious intent. Usage of warnings indicates transition periods, not malicious behavior. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, and no suspicious network activity or data leaks are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides routing and lifecycle management for ASGI applications, with functions for request handling, WebSocket support, URL path compilation, and nested route mounting. It processes request scope data, headers, and URL parameters securely, without executing untrusted input. No signs of malicious behavior such as network connections, data exfiltration, or code injection are present. Deprecated warnings indicate transition in API design but do not suggest malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate framework component with no security issues.",
  "conclusion": "This is a well-structured routing framework for ASGI apps with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It manages request routing, URL generation, and application lifecycle safely. The only noteworthy aspect is the presence of deprecation warnings, which are normal during API transitions. The code shows no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}