{
  "purpose": "The code is a Garmin Connect API wrapper designed to facilitate data retrieval, uploads, device management, and activity handling via HTTP requests. It interacts with user credentials, tokens, and health data, providing a comprehensive interface for Garmin services.",
  "sources": "User input (credentials, tokens), environment variables (e.g., GARMINTOKENS), external files (activity uploads), API responses from Garmin endpoints.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to Garmin APIs, file operations during activity uploads, handling of sensitive data such as tokens and personal health information.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input or environment variables into API request parameters or payloads; responses are returned directly or processed for further use. File uploads involve reading local files and transmitting their content to Garmin servers.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious logic detected. The only minor concern is that the 'upload_activity' method opens files without validating content, which is standard but could be exploited if malicious files are supplied. The 'logout' method only logs a warning without invalidating tokens, which is a minor security consideration.",
  "analysis": "The code is a transparent, well-structured API wrapper with no signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation. It handles sensitive data responsibly, uses standard API interactions, and does not include hidden or malicious logic. The only potential security concern is the lack of content validation during file uploads, but this is a common practice and not indicative of malicious intent. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is evident. The obfuscated score is 0, with clear and readable code. The security risk score is low (around 0.1-0.2), primarily due to external validation considerations and handling of user tokens, but no active vulnerabilities are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, benign Garmin Connect API wrapper with no evidence of malware, obfuscation, or sabotage. The minimal security concerns relate to external validation of uploaded files and token management, which are standard considerations but do not indicate malicious intent. The scores are consistent with the code's behavior and structure.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}