{
  "purpose": "This code provides a GUI interface for running and visualizing a RSI Echo Server, displaying robot TCP positions, joint states, and message logs.",
  "sources": "Reads user inputs for configuration file path, mode, delay, and show/hide robot display; reads server state data such as TCP position and joint angles; reads message logs from server.",
  "sinks": "Uses server methods to generate messages; updates GUI text boxes with message data; reads configuration files from disk.",
  "flows": "User inputs config file path → start_server() loads config → server runs in background thread → update_visualisation() retrieves data from server → updates GUI elements and plots.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or unusual obfuscation observed. External library usage is standard for GUI and plotting. The server object is created and started with parameters, with no evident malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a GUI to control and visualize a robot simulation or real-time data. It reads configuration files and server states, updating plots and message logs in a loop. All data interactions are confined within the application, with no network communications or data exfiltration observed. There is no evidence of code injection, malicious backdoors, or secret data handling. The server object is created using provided parameters, with standard thread management for background operation. No hardcoded secrets, malicious data leaks, or suspicious behaviors are present. The only external communication is via the server object which appears to be a controlled, local process.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate GUI for visualizing robot data and logs. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are detected based on the provided code. It is a standard application code with no evident supply chain threats or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}