{
  "purpose": "The code encrypts Python source files (excluding import statements) and generates a wrapper script that decrypts and executes the code at runtime using exec(). In decryption mode, it outputs the original code unchanged.",
  "sources": "Reads input Python file content; reads encrypted code embedded in the generated script.",
  "sinks": "Uses exec() to run decrypted code dynamically.",
  "flows": "Input file content -> encryption (excluding import lines) -> embedding into wrapper script -> runtime decryption -> exec() of decrypted code.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on decrypted code without validation or sandboxing; encryption/decryption pattern facilitates obfuscation; no integrity checks for encrypted payloads.",
  "analysis": "The script reads a Python file, encrypts non-import lines with TokenCryptor, and wraps the encrypted code into a script that decrypts and executes it via exec(). This pattern introduces significant security risks because executing decrypted code at runtime can run malicious payloads if the encrypted content is malicious. The code does not perform validation or sandboxing, making it vulnerable to code injection attacks. The pattern of runtime decryption and execution is a known vector for malicious activity, especially in open-source dependencies where encrypted payloads could be maliciously embedded. The use of exec() without safeguards is a critical concern. The encryption and obfuscation techniques increase difficulty in analyzing the code statically but do not inherently indicate malicious intent. Overall, the pattern is inherently risky and should be approached with caution.",
  "conclusion": "The code employs a pattern of decrypting and executing code dynamically, which is a significant security concern. While no explicit malicious payloads are present, the pattern itself can be exploited for malicious purposes. The high risk score (0.75) and malware score (0.6) reflect the inherent danger of such patterns. The obfuscation level is moderate to high due to encryption. Overall, this pattern warrants caution and should be considered high risk, especially in open-source dependencies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.6,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}