{
  "purpose": "The code provides a utility to encrypt and decrypt Python files using the TokenCryptor class, obfuscating code content with encryption.",
  "sources": "Reads input Python file specified by the user, reads lines within the file, and reads content for encryption.",
  "sinks": "Executes decrypted code dynamically via exec(), writes output to a specified file.",
  "flows": "Input file content is read; if mode is 'e', code is encrypted; decrypted code is stored as a string; later executed with exec(); output written to file.",
  "anomalies": "Uses eval() to execute decrypted code, which is inherently risky. The code encrypts code lines, decrypts them at runtime, and executes, potentially hiding malicious code. The encryption process selectively encrypts code lines but leaves import statements unencrypted, which might be suspicious if the decryptor is malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script reads a Python file and, if in encryption mode, encrypts non-import lines with TokenCryptor, wrapping the encrypted string in a function that decrypts and executes it at runtime. The use of exec() on decrypted code introduces a significant security risk, as malicious code can be concealed within the encrypted content. The code does not perform any input validation or integrity checks on the encrypted data, allowing for potential code injection or execution of tampered code. The reliance on dynamic execution and encryption without integrity verification is concerning. No hardcoded credentials or network activity are present. The purpose appears to be obfuscation, but the use of runtime decryption and exec() can be exploited for malicious purposes if used improperly.",
  "conclusion": "The code facilitates runtime decryption and execution of encrypted Python code, which introduces substantial security risks, especially if malicious payloads are encrypted and executed. The pattern of encrypting code lines and executing decrypted content at runtime is a common obfuscation technique that can hide malicious behavior. The code's design warrants caution, and it should not be used without thorough validation and integrity checks. Overall, it presents a high potential for malicious misuse due to its dynamic execution approach.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.6,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 4
}