{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities and setup functions for explaining automated ML models in Azure Machine Learning, including model conversion to ONNX, feature map generation, and explanation configuration.",
  "sources": "The code reads data inputs from pandas DataFrames, numpy arrays, scipy sparse matrices, TabularDataset, Dataflow, and Azure ML run properties; it also accesses model steps, properties, and configurations.",
  "sinks": "Predictions, model explanations, feature importance data, ONNX model bytes, and configuration objects are generated and returned. No untrusted data is directly written or transmitted.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input data structures to transformations, ONNX model conversion, feature map creation, and explanation setup; model and property metadata are read and processed; no untrusted data reaches external systems or causes side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. Usage of standard libraries and Azure ML SDK components appears normal. No obfuscated code, suspicious dynamic execution, or hidden behaviors are present. The code does handle model conversion and explanation setup in a straightforward manner.",
  "analysis": "The code performs data conversion, model introspection, feature map creation, ONNX conversion, and explanation configuration using standard AzureML SDK functions, scikit-learn, and common Python libraries. All data handling appears consistent with expected input types. Model conversion to ONNX is handled via official ML engine functions, with proper error handling. Explanation setup involves replacing model steps with wrapper estimators and configuring data inputs, which are standard procedures. There are no indications of malicious code injection, data exfiltration, or sabotage activities. The functions rely on well-established APIs and do not perform any suspicious actions such as network communication, file manipulation, or credential usage. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility module for ML model explanation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate set of utilities for setting up model explanations in AzureML, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It mainly involves data transformation, model introspection, and ONNX conversion for interpretability. No malicious behavior or sabotage features are present.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 1
}