{
  "purpose": "This code defines YAML resolvers and resolver setup for parsing YAML data with specific tag and pattern matching rules.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters to methods like 'add_implicit_resolver', 'add_path_resolver', and 'resolve'. It also uses regular expressions for pattern matching during resolver setup.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct data sinks that process untrusted data leading to external effects or data exfiltration. No system commands, network connections, or file writes are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (YAML scalar values) is matched against regex patterns during resolution; resolver setup functions define patterns for data interpretation. The flow is limited to pattern matching within YAML parsing context.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code constructs. The code primarily involves standard pattern registration and validation logic. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation observed.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes YAML resolvers with regex patterns for different data types, such as booleans, floats, integers, timestamps, nulls, etc. It involves standard setup functions and pattern matching mechanisms. No external system interaction, network access, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The resolver setup is static and uses regular expressions; no dynamic or malicious code appears. The methods are straightforward, with input validation for resolver paths and tags, and no suspicious logic. No obfuscated code or unusual constructs detected. Overall, the code is a typical YAML resolver setup without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard YAML resolver configuration script, with no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. It only defines pattern-based data resolvers for YAML parsing. No security risks or malware are present based on the current analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}