{
  "purpose": "Implement a custom WebSocket draft protocol with handshake, message framing, and data transfer functionalities.",
  "sources": "HTTP headers (HTTP_CONNECTION, HTTP_UPGRADE, HTTP_ORIGIN, HTTP_SEC_WEB3SOCKET_PROTOCOL, HTTP_SEC_WEB3SOCKET_KEY1, HTTP_SEC_WEB3SOCKET_KEY2), environment variables, rfile.read(), socket.sendall()",
  "sinks": "socket.sendall() for handshake responses, challenge data, and message frames",
  "flows": "Input from headers and rfile.read() flows through challenge computation and message framing to socket.sendall() for communication",
  "anomalies": "Use of md5 for challenge-response (weak cryptography), potential division by zero if 'spaces' is zero, reliance on headers without validation, minor typo ('self.w3socket.origin'), handling of string/unicode types without explicit Python version check",
  "analysis": "The code implements a custom WebSocket-like protocol with handshake, message framing, and data transfer. It reads headers for protocol negotiation, performs challenge-response using md5, and frames messages with start/end bytes. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The use of md5 is weak cryptographically but typical for challenge-response. Potential runtime issues include division by zero if environment variables are malformed. The code handles socket communication and message framing appropriately. No signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or backdoors are evident. The protocol's security weaknesses (lack of encryption, weak challenge-response) are noted but do not constitute malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a custom WebSocket draft protocol with no malicious intent or behavior. The low malware score (0) is justified. The code is clear and not obfuscated, so obfuscated score (0) is appropriate. The overall security risk is low (0.2), primarily due to protocol security considerations, not malicious activity. The code does not pose a significant security threat but has inherent protocol security weaknesses.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}