{
  "purpose": "The code implements an HTTP client for the Impala database, supporting various authentication mechanisms and SSL configurations, along with helper functions for transport setup with Thrift protocols.",
  "sources": "The code reads input/data from network responses (via HTTP connections and responses), environment variables (getpass.getuser()), and function parameters such as URIs, headers, and cookies.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data flows into HTTP request headers (cookies, authorization headers, custom headers), network requests, and socket connections. Response data is read from network responses and cookies are extracted from HTTP responses.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs or environment variables (e.g., credentials, URLs) into headers and network requests; responses are processed for cookies and status codes. Cookies and headers influence subsequent requests.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns. SSL context handling appears standard. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. Use of getpass for passwords is standard but could leak sensitive info if logs are misused. No data exfiltration mechanisms or hidden backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of an HTTP transport layer for Impala, handling SSL/TLS, cookies, proxy settings, and multiple authentication mechanisms (PLAIN, LDAP, GSSAPI, JWT, NOSASL). It reads configuration from parameters, environment, and URL parsing. It constructs HTTP requests with appropriate headers, manages cookies, and handles responses, including retries on 401 Unauthorized. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The code uses standard libraries and functions to set up secure connections and authentication headers. It does not contain obfuscated logic, and all functions perform typical network and transport operations. The overall structure appears legitimate, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard implementation of an HTTP transport client for Impala, supporting multiple authentication methods, SSL configurations, and cookie management. There are no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks within this module. It appears safe for use, assuming proper external configuration and secure handling of credentials.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}