{
  "purpose": "The code implements a client library for interacting with Google Cloud Notebooks V2 API, providing methods for managing notebook instances, operations, and IAM policies.",
  "sources": "Imports standard libraries (os, re, json, logging), Google Cloud SDK modules, and type hints. No user input or untrusted sources are directly read within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "No sinks that perform data leaks, system modification, network communication to suspicious domains, or execution of untrusted code are present. The code primarily constructs requests, manages transport, and handles API responses.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves constructing request objects, adding metadata, calling transport methods, and returning responses or handling exceptions. No external untrusted data flows into sensitive sinks; API calls are made to Google Cloud endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code contains standard client library structures, environment variable checks, and endpoint handling. No obfuscated or malicious logic is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard auto-generated client SDK for Google Cloud Notebooks, with proper use of environment variables for configuration, and secure handling of credentials and transport layers. It includes routine methods for managing resources and operations, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. All network communications are directed towards legitimate Google APIs. There are no hidden backdoors, data exfiltration mechanisms, or unsafe code patterns present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical Google Cloud client library with no malicious intent or security risks detected. It is designed for legitimate API interaction and resource management. No signs of supply chain attacks, sabotage, or malware are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}