{
  "purpose": "The code implements the Rapid Automatic Keyword Extraction (RAKE) algorithm to identify key phrases from text documents, used for text analysis and information retrieval.",
  "sources": "Reads input text string in extract_keywords_from_text(), uses nltk library functions for sentence and word tokenization, loads stopwords from nltk.corpus, and processes text data.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks that send untrusted data outside the system; no network operations, file writing, or system command execution observed.",
  "flows": "Input text -> tokenization functions -> phrase generation and frequency graph construction -> ranking calculations -> output of ranked phrases.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code structures or dynamic code execution. The code relies on external nltk resources and standard data processing. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated logic are present. The use of nltk libraries, which are common for NLP tasks, is standard. No suspicious input handling or output generation is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of the RAKE algorithm, which processes text for keyword extraction. It reads input, tokenizes sentences and words, filters stopwords and punctuations, generates candidate phrases, builds frequency and co-occurrence graphs, and computes phrase scores based on specified metrics. All operations are typical for NLP processing; there is no evidence of malicious code such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. Usage of external libraries like nltk is common and safe, assuming proper environment setup. No hidden or obfuscated code features are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate NLP utility for keyword extraction, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected. It operates within standard NLP practices, relying on well-known libraries. No security risks or malware behaviors are evident.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}