{
  "purpose": "Implementation of Rapid Automatic Keyword Extraction (RAKE) algorithm for extracting keywords from text.",
  "sources": "Input text provided to extract_keywords_from_text or extract_keywords_from_sentences methods; configuration parameters such as stopwords, punctuations, and tokenizer functions.",
  "sinks": "None identified that process untrusted data in a way that causes data leaks or security effects. External libraries like nltk are used for tokenization and stopword lists but are standard and not inherently malicious.",
  "flows": "Input text flows through tokenization functions, phrase generation, frequency and co-occurrence graph building, and ranking calculations. Data flows from input through these steps into output functions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors detected. The code uses standard Python structures, data processing, and third-party libraries in a typical manner. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. No code injection or unsafe evaluations are present. No obfuscated code or hidden malicious logic is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard keyword extraction algorithm with configurable parameters, utilizing nltk for tokenization and stopword management. It builds frequency and degree distributions, ranks phrases based on specified metrics, and generates candidate phrases from sentences. There are no indicators of malicious activity such as network communications, file modifications, or hidden behaviors. All operations are confined to text processing and data structure manipulation without external or unsafe actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a keyword extraction algorithm without malicious intent. It relies on common NLP libraries and techniques, and there are no signs of malware or security risks. It is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}