{
  "purpose": "Defines proxy configuration classes for HTTP/HTTPS/SOCKS proxies, including a specific implementation for Webshare's rotating residential proxies, to be used with the requests library.",
  "sources": "Class initializers, property methods, and method implementations that generate proxy URL strings and configurations.",
  "sinks": "The generated proxy URL strings (especially in WebshareProxyConfig.url, http_url, https_url properties) could be used to route network requests through potentially malicious proxies if misconfigured or malicious proxies are provided.",
  "flows": "Input parameters such as proxy credentials, domain, and port flow into URL construction, which then can be used by network requests as proxy settings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. Proxy URL construction appears standard. No obfuscated code, suspicious network activity, or hidden backdoors. Usage of referral links is noted but not suspicious by itself. No malicious code or behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines structured proxy configuration classes, including a generic class and a specialized Webshare implementation. The Webshare class constructs proxy URLs based on user-provided credentials and domain info, which could potentially route traffic through malicious or compromised proxies if user credentials are maliciously obtained or the user unknowingly configures malicious proxies. However, the code itself does not include any network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads. It relies on user input for configuration, and no hardcoded secrets or malicious behaviors are present. The URL generation is straightforward and aligns with normal usage patterns for proxy configuration.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily provides a flexible proxy configuration framework with a specific implementation for Webshare proxies. There are no indications of malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or malware. The potential security risk depends on the correctness and trustworthiness of user-provided credentials and proxies, not on the code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}