{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions and patterns for parsing, validating, composing, and resolving URIs and IRIs according to RFC 3986 and RFC 3987 standards.",
  "sources": "Reads input data via function arguments (strings to parse or resolve), command-line arguments for pattern names, and possibly external dependencies for regex pattern compilation.",
  "sinks": "Uses regex matching and compilation as a sink, but these are for pattern matching and validation, not data leakage or system commands. No dangerous command execution, file access, or network activity is present.",
  "flows": "Input strings (URIs/IRIs) flow through parse, match, and resolve functions; data is processed via regex patterns; results are returned as strings or dictionaries. No external system or untrusted data influence external commands or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are detected. The code relies on well-known regex patterns and parsing logic. No obfuscated code or hidden functionality is present. The presence of command-line interface merely outputs pattern information; no malicious behavior is evident.",
  "analysis": "The script is a utility library for URI/IRI processing, including pattern definitions, parsing, composition, and resolution. It handles different Unicode and IPv6 patterns with attention to RFC compliance. The functions are standard implementations without external or system side effects. The command-line interface only prints pattern definitions based on user input, which is benign. No indications of malware, malicious data handling, or sabotage activities are found.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate URI/IRI parsing and validation utility with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It performs pattern matching, parsing, and URI resolution safely without executing system commands, handling sensitive data, or connecting to external malicious domains. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}