{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions and regex patterns for parsing, validating, composing, and resolving URIs and IRIs according to RFC standards. It appears intended for URI handling and validation tasks.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters such as strings for parsing and validation, and command-line arguments for pattern output. No external untrusted sources or user input handling is directly present within this code.",
  "sinks": "No direct data sinks or outputs that could lead to data leaks or effects. The code outputs regex patterns or parsing results, which are not used in dangerous operations.",
  "flows": "The main data flow involves input strings being parsed or matched against regex patterns, and outputs being either validation results or regex pattern strings. No flow leads to system modification, network communication, or untrusted data exploitation.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are evident. The code is well-structured, using standard regex patterns and URI parsing logic. There are no obfuscation techniques or suspicious code segments.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly handles URI and IRI pattern definitions, parsing, and composition using regex and string operations. It includes conditional regex import logic, pattern formatting, and functions for pattern compilation and matching. All operations are standard for URI processing. No network activity, system modifications, or malicious data handling mechanisms are present. The command-line interface outputs stored regex patterns, which pose no security risk. The code is mature, documented, and does not exhibit signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a URI and IRI parsing and validation library with no malicious behavior. It uses standard regex-based approaches and provides utility functions for URI manipulation. There are no indicators of malware or security risks. The overall security posture is safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}