{
  "purpose": "The script provides utilities for parsing, validating, composing, and resolving URIs and IRIs according to RFC 3986 and RFC 3987 standards.",
  "sources": "The code reads input strings from function parameters such as 'string' in parse() and match(), command-line arguments in the __main__ block, and internally processes patterns and regular expressions.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs and returns URI/IRI strings and pattern objects; it does not write to external systems, files, or network connections. No untrusted data is directly used in system calls or sensitive operations.",
  "flows": "Input strings from parameters or command-line are matched against regular expressions, parsed into components, and used to compose or resolve URIs. No flow indicates untrusted data reaching insecure sinks or executing code.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are evident. The code is mainly pattern matching and string manipulation for URI handling. The __main__ block simply outputs pattern data based on command-line arguments.",
  "analysis": "The script implements URI and IRI parsing, validation, composition, and resolution using regex patterns, some of which depend on external regex modules. It contains functions for pattern compilation and matching, with no code executing external commands or network operations. The only user input is via function parameters or command-line arguments, and the code processes these inputs in a safe manner, primarily returning string or pattern objects. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or backdoor mechanisms. All code appears to be standard URI handling logic, with no obfuscated or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard URI/IRI parsing and validation library with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs pattern matching and string operations safely without executing external commands or network access. No malware or malicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}