{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions and regular expressions for parsing, validating, composing, and resolving URIs and IRIs according to RFC 3986 and RFC 3987 standards.",
  "sources": "The code reads input strings for URI/IRI validation and parsing, especially in functions like match, parse, and resolve. It also reads command-line arguments for displaying pattern information.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of parsed URI components in the compose function for URI reconstruction, and command-line output. No evidence of untrusted data leading to system commands or network activity.",
  "flows": "Input strings are matched or parsed through regex patterns. Parsed components may be used in compose to generate URIs. The command-line interface outputs pattern data based on user input. No data flows into network or system modification functions.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code is largely focused on URI regex handling, with no dynamic execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious behaviors. The only notable aspect is the comprehensive regex patterns for URI validation, which is standard for such libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured URI and IRI parsing library with functions for pattern matching, parsing, composing, and resolving URIs. It includes regex patterns for RFC compliance, handles different Python versions, and provides command-line options for pattern display. No signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks are evident. It does not perform any network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration. The only concern is the potential for misuse if untrusted inputs are passed into the functions, but that is inherent to any URI parser and not indicative of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard URI parsing and validation library with no malicious behavior detected. It performs its intended function of RFC-compliant URI/IRI handling without security issues. It is safe for use in supply chain contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}