{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for loading and processing hierarchical configuration rules and tags, converting v2 formats to v3, and mapping platform names.",
  "sources": "Reading configuration files via read_text_from_file(), reading YAML data with yaml.safe_load(), and accepting input parameters such as file paths and data structures.",
  "sinks": "None of the code directly writes to external systems, makes network connections, or executes system commands. The code mainly processes data in-memory.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file reading or input parameters into parsing functions, then into validation or conversion functions, with no evident external communication or sensitive data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses yaml.safe_load() without sanitization, but this is standard for reading YAML files and does not suggest malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious patterns are present. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on loading configuration data, converting between formats, and mapping platform identifiers. All operations are standard data handling and validation routines, with no signs of malicious behavior. No external connections, system modifications, or hidden behaviors are evident. The functions are straightforward and well-structured, focusing on safe parsing and data transformation. The use of yaml.safe_load() is appropriate and safe for the intended purpose. There are no suspicious code flows, hidden network activity, or credential theft mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard configuration processing module with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It reads configuration files, transforms data, and maps platform identifiers securely. There are no external communication, data leaks, or malicious activities embedded in this code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}