{
  "purpose": "The class TokenCryptor provides simple character-based encoding and decoding functions intended to obscure strings, likely for lightweight obfuscation or simple data transformation.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from parameters 'string' in encrypt() and 'encrypted_token' in decrypt(). No external data sources or environment variables are used.",
  "sinks": "The code returns transformed strings; no external sinks such as network, file, or system calls are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through a series of replace() calls within encrypt() and decrypt() to produce an encoded or decoded string respectively.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive character replacements but uses no cryptographic algorithms, key management, or dynamic code execution. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The replacement mapping appears symmetric and straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a static, character-level encoding and decoding mechanism via chained string replacements. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or system manipulation. The functions are symmetric, with replace() calls carefully matching each encoding to its decoding counterpart. The code does not interact with external systems, files, or networks. The structure is clear and consistent, without obfuscation or suspicious patterns. Overall, the code appears to serve a simple obfuscation purpose without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The TokenCryptor class provides a basic reversible character substitution cipher with no indications of malicious behavior. It does not perform any dangerous operations, leak data, or include covert functionalities. The implementation is straightforward, with no signs of obfuscation or malware. Security risk is minimal; this code is safe for use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}