{
  "purpose": "Demonstrates foreign function interface (FFI) with a custom library 'oxiida' executing a timed workflow and a simple Python function.",
  "sources": "Variables 'xx', 'yy', 'y'; function 'py_plus'; external library 'oxiida'; workflow string containing 'require', 'print', 'sleep', and function calls.",
  "sinks": "Execution of 'oxiida.run(workflow)' which processes the workflow script; potential if 'oxiida' executes untrusted code internally.",
  "flows": "Variables 'xx', 'yy' passed to 'py_plus'; 'py_plus' called directly; 'oxiida.run(workflow)' executes the workflow string which calls 'py_plus' and prints timestamps with delays.",
  "anomalies": "Use of non-standard, undocumented 'oxiida' library; dynamic execution of workflow script; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation; straightforward code structure.",
  "analysis": "The code imports an unusual library 'oxiida' and executes a workflow string that involves requiring modules, printing, sleeping, and calling 'py_plus'. The 'py_plus' function adds two numbers and prints a variable. The workflow script is static and benign, involving timed delays and print statements. No malicious payloads, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code are present. The main concern is the trustworthiness of 'oxiida' and the dynamic execution of workflows, which could be exploited if the library or input were malicious. The malware score is correctly set to 0, indicating no malicious activity. The security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), reflecting caution due to the external library and dynamic execution but no evidence of threat. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation. Overall, the code appears benign, with the primary risk associated with the external 'oxiida' library, which cannot be assessed here. The scores are consistent with the analysis, and no modifications are necessary.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, demonstrating a simple FFI interface and timed workflows without malicious intent. The main concern is the external 'oxiida' library's trustworthiness, but based on the provided code, there is no malicious activity. The assigned scores (malware=0, obfuscated=0, securityRisk=0.2) are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}