{
  "purpose": "This code provides a framework for deserializing raw data (dicts/lists) into Python objects, supporting custom types, type hints, and various deserialization strategies.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the 'data' parameter in functions such as 'deserialize', '_deserialize', '_deserialize_list', and '_deserialize_dict'. Data is retrieved from dictionaries and lists within these functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting attributes on objects, calling custom deserialization methods, and raising exceptions. Notably, the code does not execute untrusted code, run system commands, or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from raw input into deserialization functions, passing through type checks, custom deserialization hooks, and default handling, before being assigned to object attributes or returned as primitive types.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses multiple imports with many functions and decorators, but none of these indicate malicious intent inherently. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident. Exception handling is standard. No dynamic code execution, network connections, or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically deserializes data into Python objects, respecting type hints, custom deserializable classes, and special cases like unions and enums. It performs extensive type checking and validation, raising exceptions for unsupported or malformed data. No suspicious logic such as code injection, network activity, or data exfiltration mechanisms is present. The functions are focused on safe data processing and object instantiation, with proper handling of edge cases and error conditions.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard, well-structured deserialization framework without malicious behavior. It does not perform any network operations, system modifications, or execute untrusted code. There are no signs of backdoors, data theft, or sabotage. All observed patterns are consistent with legitimate deserialization tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}