{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for deserializing data into Python objects, supporting custom types, collections, and type hints.",
  "sources": "Input data from external sources such as dictionaries or lists passed to the 'deserialize' function.",
  "sinks": "Deserialized data assigned to object attributes, potentially influenced by external input, but no direct sinks like network, file, or environment are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the 'deserialize' function into '_deserialize', then into specific deserialization functions for dicts and lists, eventually setting object attributes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code uses extensive dynamic deserialization but without any evident malicious logic. No code injection, network access, or system disruption behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code carefully handles deserialization with thorough type checks, support for custom deserializable classes, unions, enums, and collection types. It employs type hints and key/value mappings to assign data to object attributes. No network calls, file access, or suspicious behavior detected. The use of 'hasattr', 'setattr', and type inspections appears standard for deserialization libraries. The absence of any obfuscated or encrypted code, or malicious intent, suggests this is a legitimate deserialization utility. No hardcoded secrets or external side-effects are evident. The function structure appears safe, with proper exception handling, and no malicious code flows detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured deserialization utility without any malicious behavior or sabotage indications. It safely maps input data to Python objects, with appropriate type handling and error management. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or security risks within this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}