{
  "purpose": "The code manages asynchronous tasks related to query execution, snapshot creation, schema caching, and cleanup in a Django-based SQL explorer application.",
  "sources": "Data sources include user inputs (email addresses), database query results, and database connection IDs.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include sending emails with query reports, uploading CSV files to S3, and deleting local files. Potential data leakage points are email addresses and query data sent via email or uploaded to external storage.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-initiated queries or task triggers to email notifications, CSV uploads, or cache storage. For example, query results are exported, uploaded, and email notifications are sent; database connection info is used to fetch schema data; and logs are deleted based on age.",
  "anomalies": "Usage of random.choice for generating filenames is acceptable; no hardcoded secrets or credentials are present; no obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. The code uses standard Django and Celery patterns. No evident malicious code like network communication to unknown domains, data exfiltration, or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code is mainly orchestrating scheduled or user-triggered tasks for query management, report generation, and cache building. It uses standard libraries, and all external interactions appear legitimate (email, S3 uploads, cache). No hardcoded secrets or suspicious file operations are found beyond normal file handling. Exception handling is present for retries but no dangerous patterns like code injection, remote command execution, or data exfiltration are observed. The code’s behavior aligns with typical backend operations without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs routine application functions with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It adheres to expected patterns for a Django/ Celery-based project, focusing on query management, data export, and cleanup tasks. No security risks or malware indicators identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}