{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of asynchronous background tasks for a Django application that handle executing database queries, generating CSV reports, uploading snapshots to S3, building schema caches, and cleaning up old files and logs. It facilitates report generation, caching, and maintenance operations.",
  "sources": "Query IDs and email addresses from function parameters, database models (Query, QueryLog, DatabaseConnection), environment variables (app_settings), filesystem (os.path.exists, os.remove), external services (S3 via s3_csv_upload), and cache.",
  "sinks": "Emails sent via send_mail, CSV files uploaded to S3, cache entries set, files deleted from filesystem, database queries and logs updated or deleted.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (query_id, email_address, db_connection_id, days) flow into database lookups and processing functions; data is exported as CSV, uploaded to S3, and email notifications are sent; cache is updated; files are deleted based on age criteria.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns. Filename generation uses random.choice, which is acceptable. Exception handling is broad but standard. Filesystem deletion and email operations are typical for such backend tasks. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs routine backend operations for query execution, report generation, snapshot creation, cache management, and cleanup. It uses standard libraries and patterns, with proper error handling and logging. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or backdoors are present. The use of random strings for filenames and broad exception handling are acceptable in this context. Filesystem deletions are conditional based on query log timestamps, which is standard cleanup logic. Overall, the code appears legitimate and well-structured.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of legitimate, routine backend tasks for managing queries, reports, and cache in a Django application. No malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are evident. The scores assigned in the original reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2) are justified and appropriate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}