{
  "purpose": "This code defines various asynchronous tasks related to executing SQL queries, generating reports, taking snapshots, cleaning old logs, and building schema caches within a Django-based application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the database (Query, QueryLog, DatabaseConnection models), input parameters (query_id, email_address, days, db_connection_id), and environment/configuration variables (app_settings). It also reads file outputs via get_file_output() in convert_csv_to_bytesio.",
  "sinks": "The code writes files to S3 via s3_csv_upload, deletes files from the filesystem (os.remove), and sends emails through Django's send_mail. It also sets cache entries and performs database deletions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (query_id, email_address, days) are used to fetch data from the database; this data is converted into CSV files, uploaded to S3, and emails are sent with download links. Log entries are created and deleted based on age. Schema cache data is built and stored. Files are removed from disk based on last run times.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses random.choice for generating unique filenames, which could potentially be manipulated if the randomness source is compromised (though unlikely). Exception handling is broad, especially in snapshot_query, which retries on any error without specific error analysis. No hardcoded credentials are apparent, but the code does execute potentially sensitive operations like file deletions, email notifications, and database interactions.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical background task operations in a web application: querying the database, exporting CSV data, uploading to S3, and sending emails. It uses random strings for filenames, which is generally acceptable but could be refined. The broad exception handling in snapshot_query could potentially mask issues but isn't inherently malicious. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or hidden backdoors. The code adheres to expected patterns for such tasks, and dependencies are standard. No suspicious or malicious code is present; the logic is straightforward and focused on data processing and management.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be legitimate and intended for managing query executions, snapshots, and data cleanup within a Django application. There are no signs of malicious intent, hidden backdoors, or malware. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}