{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and utilities for constructing, signing, encrypting, and validating OAuth 2.0 / OpenID Connect authorization requests and responses, including PKCE support and serialization helpers.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include parameters in class constructors, user-provided JWTs, and serialized strings for loading/deserializing authorization requests.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include signing functions (Jwt.sign, Jwt.sign_and_encrypt), network request formation via URL (furl), and serialization/deserialization functions that process JWTs and JSON data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor parameters and user inputs into signing/encryption functions and URL building; request parameters are signed/encrypted and then sent via URL; responses are parsed and validated against stored request data.",
  "anomalies": "The code primarily performs standard OAuth2/OIDC request handling and JWT signing/encryption. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors such as system command execution, network exfiltration, or privilege escalation are observed. The use of secrets.token_urlsafe for state and nonce generation is appropriate. Serialization utilities include standard compression and encoding. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features are detected. No evidence of malicious privacy violations or data exfiltration is present.",
  "analysis": "The code carefully manages OAuth 2.0 / OpenID Connect authorization flows, including PKCE, request signing, and serialization. It performs standard validation of response parameters, error handling, and request signing with JWTs. No malicious or sabotage behavior, such as network communication outside standard OAuth flows, credential theft, or hidden backdoors, is present. The code’s structure and functions are typical for OAuth client libraries, and no suspicious code patterns or obfuscation are detected. The cryptographic operations use standard libraries (jwskate, BinaPy), and there are no signs of malicious data leaks or unsafe code practices.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a well-structured OAuth 2.0 / OpenID Connect client utility module with PKCE support, signing, encryption, and serialization features. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks based on the provided implementation.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}