{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and utilities for constructing, signing, serializing, and validating OAuth 2.0 / OpenID Connect authorization requests and responses, including PKCE support and request signing/encryption.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration parameters during class initialization, generates random tokens for state and nonce, derives code challenges, serializes/deserializes authorization requests, and processes callback response URLs.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe if untrusted response URLs are passed to `validate_callback`, which could lead to URL parsing issues, but no direct code injection or dangerous data handling appears to be present. Signing and encrypting JWTs involves private key material, which is handled securely if keys are correct.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., response URLs, request parameters, keys) flow into validation, signing, serialization, and URL generation functions. The response URL is parsed and validated, with data potentially flowing into `AuthorizationResponse`. Signed JWTs are created from request data, and serialized data is stored or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses some default values and dynamic attribute access, but these are standard for such implementations. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious patterns are observed. The handling of cryptographic keys relies on external secure key material. The only minor concern is that private keys are serialized to JSON, which must be managed securely outside this code.",
  "analysis": "The code implements typical OAuth/OIDC authorization flow utilities, including request signing, validation, serialization, and PKCE support. All cryptographic operations and URL manipulations follow standard practices. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are evident. The code handles sensitive data such as keys and tokens with appropriate care, assuming the keys are managed securely. The serialization methods are standard and do not introduce known vulnerabilities. Overall, the code appears secure and correctly designed for its purpose.",
  "conclusion": "This code provides standard, well-structured OAuth 2.0 / OIDC utilities with PKCE and JWT signing support. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security breaches are detected. The handling of cryptographic keys and sensitive data should be managed securely outside this code, but within this code, no malicious activity is apparent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}