{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes and utilities for managing OAuth 2.0 / OIDC authorization requests and responses, including PKCE support, request signing, encryption, serialization, and response validation.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters in class constructors, environment (e.g., secrets for generating codes), and URL query strings during validation.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include signing JWTs with private keys, encrypting JWTs, generating random tokens for state and nonce, and URL formation for authorization requests.",
  "flows": "Sources such as secrets, URL parameters, and input arguments are processed, possibly generating tokens or cryptographic signatures, then used in signing, encrypting, or URL construction as sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses cryptographically secure random token generation (`secrets.token_urlsafe`). It performs signing and encryption of JWTs with specified keys, which is standard. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are evident. Usage of external libraries appears appropriate and standard for OAuth/OIDC workflows. There are no hidden backdoors, data exfiltration, or suspicious URL manipulations. The code properly validates response parameters, including issuer and state matching, and raises exceptions on errors.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple classes for OAuth 2.0 / OpenID Connect authorization flows, including request creation, response validation, and request signing/encryption. It uses secure token generation and standard cryptographic operations via well-known libraries (`jwskate`, `binaPy`). Validation steps check for mismatched state, issuer, and error responses, adhering to protocol specifications. Serialization utilities include compression and base64 encoding, which are common for session storage. There are no indications of malicious code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. The cryptographic operations are confined to signing and encrypting JWTs with user-provided keys. No suspicious URL manipulations, data leaks, or covert channels are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate implementation of OAuth/OIDC authorization request and response handling, with secure practices for cryptographic operations, validation, and serialization. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}