{
  "purpose": "The code fetches financial data, including prices, financial metrics, insider trades, company news, and market capitalization from an external API, utilizing cache mechanisms for efficiency.",
  "sources": "Input sources include environment variables for API keys, user-provided parameters for ticker symbols and date ranges, and cached data from local cache methods.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can reach external APIs via HTTP requests (GET and POST), and potentially contain sensitive environment variable data (API keys). Data is fetched and parsed into internal models; responses are returned as Python objects or dataframes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and environment variables into API request URLs and headers, which send requests to external services. Responses are parsed into models and cached locally. Cached data is filtered and returned, or new API responses are fetched if cache misses occur.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. The code appears to follow standard patterns for API interaction and caching. There are no signs of backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious code snippets.",
  "analysis": "The code retrieves financial data through API calls, with proper use of headers for API keys stored in environment variables. Cache mechanisms are used to reduce repeated API calls. All external requests are standard and include error handling. The code does not perform any unsafe operations, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated activities. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious behaviors are present. The structure and logic are typical for a data-fetching service with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for fetching, caching, and processing financial data. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It follows good practices for API requests and data handling, with no suspicious anomalies. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}