{
  "purpose": "CLI command to sanitize a database using external utility functions for configuration loading, driver retrieval, and database sanitization.",
  "sources": "User input parameters: db-uri string and config file path; external utility functions: utils.get_driver, utils.load_config, utils.sanitize_db",
  "sinks": "The utility functions may process untrusted data, potentially leading to data leaks or execution of malicious code if they are compromised or malicious themselves",
  "flows": "Input parameters are passed to utility functions which then perform operations such as establishing database connections and sanitizing data; these functions could process untrusted data and execute actions based on their implementation",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies detected within this code snippet; no hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or suspicious constructs are present",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward CLI wrapper that calls external utility functions to load configuration, establish a database driver, and sanitize the database. Its security posture depends on the trustworthiness of these utility functions. The code itself shows no malicious behavior, obfuscation, or vulnerabilities. Given the external dependencies, the main concern is whether these functions are secure and from trusted sources. The malware score is set to 0, as no malicious activity is evident. The security risk score is low (around 0.1 to 0.2), reflecting potential risk if utility functions are malicious or compromised, but no direct evidence exists. Confidence in this assessment is high (around 0.85), considering the simplicity and clarity of the code. Overall, the code appears benign, and the primary security consideration is the integrity of the utility functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple, benign CLI wrapper for database sanitization relying on external utility functions. No signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation are present. The main security concern is the trustworthiness of the utility functions, which should be verified. The malware score remains at 0, and the security risk score can be conservatively set to 0.1 to reflect the minimal but non-zero potential risk depending on external dependencies.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}