{
  "purpose": "A Python client library for interacting with the Facebook Graph API, supporting OAuth authentication, object retrieval, and posting to Facebook.",
  "sources": "Imports external modules (hashlib, hmac, base64, requests, json, re, urllib.parse or urlparse), reads cookies for Facebook authentication, and uses request sessions to communicate with Facebook API endpoints.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to Facebook API endpoints, potentially transmitting access tokens, user data, and media files. Reads cookies for authentication, and performs HMAC verification on signed requests.",
  "flows": "Input data (cookies, user input, OAuth codes) flow into network requests, cookie parsing, and HMAC signature verification. Sensitive data such as access tokens and user IDs are transmitted over HTTP requests to Facebook servers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. Uses standard libraries and established APIs. No suspicious obfuscated code, unusual variable names, or hidden behaviors observed. The code properly verifies signed requests via HMAC, which is standard for security.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Facebook Graph API client implementation, handling OAuth tokens, API requests, and signed request parsing with proper cryptographic verification. It manages access tokens securely in memory, uses HTTPS for network communication, and implements standard error handling. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or secret harvesting. The code's purpose aligns with Facebook SDK functionalities and does not exhibit suspicious anomalies or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate, standard Facebook API client library. It implements proper security measures such as HMAC signature verification and secure network requests. There are no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or malicious behavior. Its design and implementation follow accepted practices for OAuth and API interaction.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}