{
  "purpose": "A Python client library to interact with Facebook's Graph API, enabling functions such as fetching user data, permissions, uploading photos, and managing access tokens.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-provided access tokens, request parameters, cookies, signed requests, and input files for photo uploads.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data could be exposed through request responses, such as user info, access tokens, or error messages; files are uploaded via 'put_photo'. Request URLs and parameters are constructed for API calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs (tokens, parameters, cookies) through API request methods (request, get_object, etc.), potentially resulting in sensitive data or tokens being sent over the network or returned as response content.",
  "anomalies": "The code handles access tokens, including concatenation of app id and secret for offline tokens; uses HMAC for signed request verification; no hardcoded credentials or suspicious dynamic code execution. The 'parse_signed_request' method correctly verifies signatures; no obfuscated code is present.",
  "analysis": "The script functions as a legitimate Facebook Graph API client with proper validation of API versions and signed requests. It manages OAuth tokens, performs API requests, and uploads photos, all through standard practices. The method 'parse_signed_request' correctly verifies data integrity using HMAC-SHA256. No hardcoded secrets are found, and data flows are consistent with API client behavior. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized system access. The code appears well-structured, with no obfuscated or suspicious code segments. Overall, it performs intended API interactions securely, with appropriate data handling and verification.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-implemented Facebook Graph API client library. It manages tokens, makes API requests, and handles signed requests securely without evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The overall security risk is minimal, primarily limited to correct use of API and security best practices.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}