{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions for managing secrets within a vault, including retrieving, setting, and creating secrets, with support for hiding secrets in logs.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function arguments (name, values, secret objects), environment imports, and internal method calls (e.g., vault.get_secret). No external untrusted data sources are explicitly read.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include log.hide_from_output (hides secrets from logs), vault.set_secret, and vault.get_secret. These interact with external systems, but only for secret storage and logging.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments into secret objects or vault methods; secret values are passed through functions and may be hidden in logs. No evidence of untrusted data flow leading to code execution or data leaks outside intended secret handling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors observed. The code uses standard patterns for secret management and logging suppression. No obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious imports detected.",
  "analysis": "The code facilitates secret storage and retrieval, with optional hiding of secrets in logs for security. Usage of external modules such as robocorp.log is optional and safely handled. The functions are straightforward, with proper error handling for existing secrets. No suspicious or malicious logic is present, and the purpose aligns with secure secret management. No signs of malware, malicious data exfiltration, or sabotage are detected. The only external interactions are with the vault and optional logging modules, both of which are typical for such a utility.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard secret management utility with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It securely handles secrets, with mechanisms to hide secrets in logs, and employs safe patterns. No supply chain or malicious behavior concerns are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}