{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to access, retrieve, and process genome assembly data stored in gzipped JSON files within a package's data directory. It supports listing available assemblies, retrieving specific assembly details, and creating mappings between sequence names and accessions.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from JSON files located in the '_data/assemblies' directory using the 'resources.files()' method and 'gzip.open()'. It also reads directory listings via 'assemblies_path.iterdir()'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could flow into the JSON parsing functions via the files read from disk, but these files are static and packaged internally. The functions do not process external user input directly into data manipulation or execution contexts. No network or external input sources are used.",
  "flows": "The code reads filenames from the internal directory, loads and parses gzipped JSON files, and then processes the data to produce mappings. No user input is directly processed into a sink; data is sourced from internal static files and then transformed.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code appears to follow standard data access and processing routines. There are no dynamic code execution or obfuscated code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs static data retrieval and processing from packaged JSON files, with no external data inputs or network activity. It uses 'resources.files()' to access internal data, which is safe given the context. The functions implement straightforward data transformations (e.g., creating maps), with proper exception handling for missing files. No signs of malicious behavior, suspicious activity, or code injection are present. The functions are well-documented, and their purpose aligns with legitimate genome data management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data access and processing module for genome assembly information, with no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data flows. It safely reads static data files, processes the data, and provides utility functions for data mapping. Overall, it poses no security risks based on the provided implementation.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}