{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface definitions for the AWS RAM service, providing structured access to RAM API operations with type safety.",
  "sources": "Imports from sys, typing, botocore, and local modules; class and method definitions; type annotations; docstrings; conditional imports based on Python version.",
  "sinks": "Methods that could process untrusted input via **kwargs, such as API request parameters, which could potentially be exploited if mishandled. No explicit data sinks like network or file operations are present within this code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters from **kwargs flow into API request payloads. These are passed to underlying boto3 client methods, which handle network communication. The code itself is mainly interface and type definition, with no actual data processing or network calls here.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. No obfuscated code or unusual runtime behaviors. The code is purely interface and type annotations. No suspicious strings, code injection, or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Python class for the AWS RAM client with detailed type annotations and method signatures. It imports necessary modules, handles version-specific imports, and declares an exception class. All methods are straightforward, wrapping boto3 client operations with type safety and documentation. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The use of **kwargs for API calls is standard for boto3 clients, which internally handle request signing and network communication. The presence of type annotations and docstrings indicates good code quality, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured type annotation and interface definition for the AWS RAM client. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. It serves as a type-safe wrapper for AWS SDK operations without executing any suspicious or harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}