{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and classes to perform polling operations, repeatedly calling a target function until a condition is met, a timeout occurs, or a maximum number of attempts is reached.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the target function 'target' invoked within 'poll', which can accept arguments 'args' and 'kwargs'. Additionally, environment variables are not used. The code reads no external input directly.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the invocation of the 'target' function and the storage of values in the 'values' queue via 'values.put(last_item)'. The code also raises exceptions, but only in predictable, non-malicious ways.",
  "flows": "The flow involves repeatedly calling 'target', evaluating its output with 'check_success', and storing results or exceptions in a queue. Exceptions are caught and stored, and the loop exits when success criteria are met or limits are reached.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hard-coded secrets, or backdoors are present. The code contains standard polling logic with no obfuscated or misleading constructs. No dynamic code execution or external network connections are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a polling mechanism with configurable step timing, exception handling, and success condition evaluation. It uses standard libraries and practices. No data leaks, system modifications, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code handles exceptions gracefully and only raises controlled exceptions (MaxCallException, TimeoutException). The overall structure and content do not suggest malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This module appears to be a benign utility for polling operations. It contains no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The design is straightforward, with no hidden or suspicious features. The code is consistent with expected polling utility functions and does not pose security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}