{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions and classes to facilitate polling operations, including exceptions for timeouts and max retries, and various step functions for controlling wait times between polling attempts.",
  "sources": "Imports 'time' module, attempts to import Queue from different modules depending on environment, and defines multiple functions and classes related to polling.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the 'target' function called within 'poll', which can execute arbitrary code. No other sinks are present that lead to data leaks or malicious system interactions.",
  "flows": "The 'poll' function calls 'target' with supplied arguments; based on the result and 'check_success', it either continues polling or returns. Exceptions are caught and stored in a queue, and the flow respects timeout or max_tries constraints.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns are evident. All functions serve standard polling utility purposes. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are present. Exception handling is straightforward. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a polling utility with configurable wait times, success conditions, and exception handling. It imports 'time' and 'Queue' modules, with environment compatibility. The core 'poll' function manages polling with timeout, max retries, exception ignoring, and value collection. No malicious behaviors such as network communication, file modification, or data exfiltration are present. All components serve standard utility functions, and the structure is clear and conventional. The code does not perform any suspicious activities, nor does it contain hidden or malicious code snippets.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard polling utility library without any signs of malicious intent or security risks. It safely manages repeated function calls with configurable constraints, and there are no anomalies or backdoors. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}