{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions and classes for disassembling Python bytecode into human-readable mnemonics, including tools for inspecting code objects, instructions, and line number mappings.",
  "sources": "The code reads source code strings, code objects, functions, methods, classes, modules, and traceback objects. It also accesses code object attributes such as co_code, co_consts, co_names, co_varnames, and co_lnotab.",
  "sinks": "Disassembly functions output formatted disassembly to files or stdout. No sinks perform data exfiltration or external network connections. There are no indications of data leaks, remote communications, or malicious data handling.",
  "flows": "Source data (code objects, source code strings, functions, traceback objects) flows into disassembly functions and instruction generators. Disassembled instructions are printed or returned as strings. No external or untrusted data is transmitted or exploited beyond formatting output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behavior are evident. The code appears to follow standard disassembly procedures without obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or misleading variables. It uses standard library modules and functions appropriately.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical Python bytecode disassembler, implementing functions for extracting instruction details, mapping line numbers, and presenting code object information. It handles various object types (functions, methods, classes, code objects, source code) safely and transparently. No signs of malicious payloads, malicious external calls, or suspicious behavior are present. The absence of network activity, file modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms suggests no malware intent. It is a utility script aimed at introspection and debugging. The code's structure and content indicate it is a legitimate, well-formed disassembler with no malicious anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard Python disassembler utility with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs safe inspection of code objects and disassembly output, with no suspicious features or malware indicators. It is safe for use in secure environments.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}