{
  "purpose": "This code implements statistical estimators for survival analysis, including Kaplan-Meier, Nelson-Aalen, and cumulative incidence functions, used in medical and reliability research.",
  "sources": "Inputs include arrays for event indicators, times of events or censoring, and optional parameters for confidence intervals and truncation. Data is read from structured arrays and numpy/scipy functions.",
  "sinks": "Outputs are survival probability estimates, confidence intervals, and inverse probability weights, which are used for further analysis or modeling. No data is written to external sources or network connections.",
  "flows": "Source data (event indicators, times) flows into estimator functions; these process the data and produce survival estimates and confidence intervals as outputs. No untrusted external data influence is observed beyond input parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains detailed statistical computation functions with no evident hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code constructs. Use of numpy and scipy for standard statistical methods appears normal. No signs of obfuscation or malicious code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured, utilizing established statistical methods for survival analysis with standard libraries. Input validation and error handling are consistent with typical scientific computing practices. No suspicious data manipulation, network activity, or hidden functionality is observed. Functions operate on input arrays, performing statistical calculations for survival curves and confidence intervals. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote control, or sabotage. The implementation appears to be a legitimate, scientific statistical library implementation without signs of malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of survival analysis estimators, with no malicious intent or harmful behavior detected. It performs legitimate statistical computations with no signs of malware or sabotage. It is safe for use in typical data analysis contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}