{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for image/volume shape extraction, data preprocessing, label handling, argument validation, and range calculations for data augmentation or processing pipelines.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from data dictionary (e.g., 'image', 'volume', 'images', 'keypoints'), and function arguments like 'low', 'bias', 'param'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially problematic sinks include data transformations and conversions, but there are no evident sinks that lead to external systems, network, or file writes.",
  "flows": "Input data (from data dictionary or function arguments) flows through validation, shape extraction, data processing, label encoding/decoding, and conversion functions. No external system calls or data exfiltration points are present.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation are observed. All functions perform standard data processing, validation, and utility operations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of data handling and utility functions primarily for image and volume shape extraction, data validation, range calculations, and format conversions. It imports standard and third-party libraries (numpy, torch, albumentations), with conditional imports that are typical for flexible type handling. No signs of malicious code such as network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The label management and data processing methods use standard techniques for label encoding and array manipulation. The functions related to range processing ('to_tuple') perform straightforward mathematical transformations with proper validation. Overall, the code appears to be well-structured, with no suspicious or malicious behavior.\n\nConfidence in the analysis is high (0.9) since the code is mainly utility functions with no external system interactions or suspicious patterns. No obfuscation or malware indicators are detected. Security risk is minimal (0.1), as there are no security-critical vulnerabilities or malicious intents evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for data processing in image/volume pipelines, with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It performs expected data validation, shape extraction, label handling, and range calculations. Overall, it is safe and free of malicious code.",
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}