{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to prepare and construct email messages with various content types and attachments, including handling HTML, images, and raw data for sending via email.",
  "sources": "Input data includes 'contents' (email body content), 'attachments' (files or streams), headers (metadata), and user data such as 'user', 'useralias', and 'addresses'. Files are read from filesystem or provided as IO streams.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to MIME message objects, attaches encoded content (images, files, text), and sets email headers. It also may incorporate DKIM signatures if provided.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input variables ('contents', 'attachments', headers) into MIME parts, where contents are serialized, encoded, and attached to the message. Files are read and processed, with MIME objects created and inserted into the message structure. The email headers are set, and the message object is returned.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'os.path.isfile' to verify file existence without any additional security checks, which is standard but not suspicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The use of 'hash' for generating filenames or IDs could be unpredictable but is not inherently malicious. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or environment variable exploitation is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard email message composition, including content serialization, MIME type detection, attachment handling, and optional DKIM signing. No evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage is observed. The code does not send data over the network, access environment variables insecurely, or execute malicious operations. It appears to be a straightforward email preparation utility with proper content handling. The use of 'hash' for filename generation is benign and typical for attachment identification. Overall, the logic and structure indicate a safe implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate email message construction module that handles various content types and attachments securely. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The logic is sound and adheres to standard practices. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}