{
  "purpose": "The code constructs MIME email messages with support for various content types, headers, and DKIM signatures, primarily to facilitate sending complex emails with attachments and embedded content.",
  "sources": "Input data includes contents, attachments, headers, user information, message IDs, and file paths from parameters and function calls. File reading occurs in 'get_mime_object' when opening attachment files.",
  "sinks": "The main sink involves attaching MIME objects to email messages. Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted input is included in email content or headers. File handles are used for reading attachments.",
  "flows": "Input sources (user data, files) flow into MIME object creation, attachment processing, and message assembly. Content is serialized, encoded, and embedded into MIME parts, which are assembled into a full email message.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code. Use of 'add_dkim_sig_to_message' indicates optional DKIM signing but not malicious. The code dynamically handles various content types and encoding but does not include suspicious or malicious logic. Some exception handling in 'get_mime_object' may suppress errors but does not hide malicious intent. No network activity, system commands, or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically builds email messages with support for attachments, inline images, HTML, and plain text. It uses standard Python libraries and established email handling practices. The only potential concern is the handling of file input and MIME object creation, which could be exploited if untrusted file paths are supplied, but this is a normal part of email composition. No code indicates malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or covert communication. The code is complex but follows expected patterns for email message construction.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard email message builder with robust handling of different content types, attachments, and headers. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms. It may process untrusted input files, but this is typical for such functionality. Overall, no signs of malware or malicious intent are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}