{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to prepare and assemble MIME email messages with support for various content types, attachments, inline images, and DKIM signing.",
  "sources": "Input data includes 'contents', 'attachments', 'headers', 'user', 'useralias', 'addresses', 'subject', and optional parameters such as 'message_id' and 'dkim'. Data is read from function arguments, file paths, and IO objects.",
  "sinks": "The primary sinks are the creation of MIME objects (MIMEText, MIMEBase), email message assembly, and optional DKIM signing, which could potentially be misused if malicious data is injected or if signatures are manipulated.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters ('contents', 'attachments', 'headers') through serialization, MIME object creation, and assembly into email message structures. Inline images and HTML content are processed and embedded accordingly. DKIM signing may modify message headers if configured.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded secrets are evident. The use of 'add_dkim_sig_to_message' depends on external inputs; the code itself does not manipulate it maliciously. Inline functions and flow are standard. No obfuscation or obfuscated code features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard email message construction, handling multiple content types and attachments, with support for inline images and optional DKIM signing. It carefully processes input to avoid common issues such as missing filenames, invalid data types, or encoding problems. No suspicious or malicious code is detected. There are no network operations, data exfiltration, or system modification commands present. The design appears to be for legitimate email composition, with standard safety checks and error handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate email message construction utility. It employs typical mechanisms for handling MIME parts, HTML content, and inline images. There are no indications of malicious intent or security risks beyond standard processing. The overall structure and logic suggest it is a normal component for sending emails with attachments and inline images.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}