{
  "purpose": "Define enumerations and data classes for URL encoding/decoding functions, with no explicit operational purpose beyond utility function encapsulation.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (dataclasses, enum, functools, typing, urllib.parse). Data class and enum definitions referencing urllib.parse functions.",
  "sinks": "Callable attributes within the enum instances, which execute URL encoding/decoding functions, potentially on untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input passed to enum method calls (DhJRQroPfVpJRpFWfMmaiUcEicoLuHPE and IgRNEEDgHvNJpDKsDTxMXIJGZKPnPNho) through the properties or method calls, leading to URL encoding/decoding.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated object and variable names that do not describe their purpose; the class structure relies on dynamic calling of urllib.parse functions with potential external data, but no hardcoded secrets or malicious logic is evident. No direct data leaks or suspicious network activity are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data classes and enums that encapsulate URL encoding and decoding functions from urllib.parse. These functions are stored as callables within the enum instances, allowing dynamic invocation. The class includes methods that delegate calls to these stored functions. The variable and class names are obfuscated, but the underlying functionality is standard URL processing. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections, or backdoors. The dynamic function calls could, in theory, process untrusted data, but this alone is not malicious. The obfuscation appears to be solely for code concealment rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility setup for URL encoding and decoding, with obfuscated names that may hinder readability. There are no malicious behaviors or security risks present. It appears to be benign utility code, with a moderate level of obfuscation likely intended for concealment but not malicious. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}