{
  "purpose": "The script prepares and configures a Python package with compiled C extensions, managing dependencies and artifacts for different platforms.",
  "sources": "File system checks and reads ('dist/artifacts/...', 'version.txt', 'src/python-module/version.txt'), environment variables (os.name, os.getcwd()), file operations (open, copy, remove), and zipfile extraction.",
  "sinks": "File reads/writes, zip extraction, copying files to specific directories, setup configuration, and file deletions.",
  "flows": "Checks for platform-specific zip files -> extracts or copies precompiled libraries -> reads version info -> configures extension sources -> sets up package -> cleans up temporary files.",
  "anomalies": "Variable names are obfuscated and appear nonsensical, potentially to hide their purpose. The script reads version info from a file and updates the package version dynamically. No clear network activity or suspicious system commands are present. The removal of files at the end might be to clean up sensitive or temporary data, but nothing malicious is apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code manages platform-specific artifacts and dynamically sets up a Python extension module. Obfuscated variable names are unusual but not inherently malicious. The use of file operations, zip extraction, and setup functions align with standard packaging processes. No code injection, network activity, or malicious commands are detected. The cleanup of files at the end seems to be routine housekeeping. Overall, the script appears to be a standard build/setup script with obfuscation possibly to hinder analysis, but without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a packaging/setup utility with obfuscated variable names. It performs typical build steps, including file management, extracting precompiled libraries, and configuring the package. No malicious behavior, malware, or suspicious activity is detected based on this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}