{
  "purpose": "The script automates the process of extracting, copying, and packaging pre-compiled library files and version information for a Python module setup.",
  "sources": "File system reads from 'dist/artifacts/...', 'version.txt', and potentially user-modified 'version.txt'. It reads 'version.txt' for version info, and checks for specific ZIP and A files.",
  "sinks": "File copy operations to 'src/python-module/' and removal of temporary files; no network or system command execution is observed.",
  "flows": "Reads from ZIP files and version text files -> copies files into source directory -> removes temporary files after setup.",
  "anomalies": "The variable names are obfuscated, e.g., 'NdhGwqgzXFloGCeisBjAujPVzeugxhvy', 'ZwUWXHbAnYpWicOBFYvTlSkxOqKFScYN', which is unusual and could be an attempt to conceal intent. The code extracts specific files from ZIP archives based on OS, but does not verify the integrity or authenticity of these files. The reading of 'version.txt' ignores newline characters due to a non-assigned replace call, which could be a minor issue but not malicious. The script deletes files after use, which is typical for cleanup.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard file extraction, copying, and cleanup operations typical of build or packaging scripts. The obfuscated variable names are suspicious, as they may be intended to hide malicious intent, but no malicious network activity, code injection, or backdoors are present. The extraction and file manipulation are confined to local files without external data or network communication. There are no indicators of malicious behavior like data exfiltration, code injection, or suspicious command execution. The overall behavior aligns with legitimate build automation with obfuscated variable names that could raise suspicion.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard build script with obfuscated variable names. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident. The obfuscation may be for code concealment rather than malicious intent. Overall, the script seems safe but warrants cautious review due to the variable naming.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}