{
  "purpose": "Implementation of JSON Web Signature (JWS) encoding and decoding, including support for various algorithms, header validation, and key management for secure token handling.",
  "sources": "Input data from function parameters such as payload, headers, jwt string, keys, and options. Data is read from jwt strings, headers, and keys provided to encode and decode functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks if untrusted input is used insecurely, especially in headers or keys. Signature verification failures could lead to improper handling. The code processes cryptographic signatures and encodes/decodes data but does not send data over the network or write to files.",
  "flows": "Input data (payload, headers, jwt strings, keys) flows through encode/decode functions, where cryptographic operations (signing, verifying) are performed. Headers are validated and used to determine algorithms. Decoding flow involves extracting segments, decoding base64url, and verifying signatures.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code performs standard JWT processing. Warning of deprecated kwargs hints at ongoing maintenance but no malicious intent. No hidden backdoors or obfuscated code detected. Use of warnings for deprecated features may be benign or a maintenance signal.",
  "analysis": "The code implements JWT encoding and decoding with support for multiple algorithms, header validation, key management, and signature verification. It carefully handles different input types and potential edge cases, such as detached payloads and header validation. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network transmission of data, hidden backdoors, or malicious payload modification. All cryptographic operations are performed via provided algorithm objects, and no unsafe practices are evident. The code appears to adhere to standard cryptographic and security practices for JWT handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of JWT signing and verification with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs necessary cryptographic operations securely and includes validation checks. No malicious behavior or sabotage detected. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}