{
  "purpose": "Implementation of a JSON Web Signature (JWS) handling class for creating, encoding, decoding, and verifying JWT tokens.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters such as jwt strings, keys, headers, and options. Data is read from these parameters during encode/decode operations and from JWT string segments during parsing.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include cryptographic functions like sign(), verify(), and prepare_key(), as well as JSON serialization, base64url encoding, and decoding. These are standard for JWT handling but are critical points for signature validation.",
  "flows": "Input data (JWT string, keys, headers) flow into parsing functions (_load), then through cryptographic operations (signing/verifying) based on headers and keys, ultimately leading to output of decoded payload or signatures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No backdoors or unusual behaviors are detected. The code performs standard JWT operations with proper input validation. Use of warnings for deprecated kwargs is benign. No obfuscated code patterns are observed. No network activity or external data exfiltration points are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard JWT handling with appropriate validation and cryptographic operations. It supports algorithm registration and retrieval, token encoding with optional detached payloads, and secure signature verification. Error handling is comprehensive with custom exceptions. No suspicious or malicious behavior is detected. The cryptographic operations depend on external algorithms and keys, which are handled securely within the context of the functions. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious side effects.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate JWT handling library with proper validation, standard cryptographic practices, and no indicators of malicious behavior. It is designed for secure JWT encoding and decoding, with standard error handling and no suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}