{
  "purpose": "The code provides setup and build configuration scripts for the PyObjC framework, including custom build commands, test suite management, and package metadata setup.",
  "sources": "os.environ, subprocess outputs, open/read files, sys.argv, sys.path, sys.modules, pkg_resources.require, sysconfig.get_config_var",
  "sinks": "subprocess.check_output, open/read files, sys.path modifications, system calls, dynamic command execution",
  "flows": "Environment variables and subprocess outputs influence SDK paths, compiler selection, and build flags; files are read for configuration; test suite is imported dynamically; sys.path is modified for testing",
  "anomalies": "The script uses subprocess calls to invoke system commands and read system properties (sw_vers, clang version, SDK paths). No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No obscure obfuscation techniques. No network communication or data exfiltration observed. The code primarily manages build environment and testing procedures.",
  "analysis": "The script performs system queries to determine SDK versions, compiler availability, and configuration. It dynamically adjusts build flags and environment settings based on system info. It customizes build commands and test execution, including environment cleanup. There are no indications of malicious code such as network activity, data theft, or backdoors. The subprocess calls are used solely for system info and compiler checks. File operations are limited to configuration and build files. sys.path and sys.modules are manipulated temporarily for testing purposes, which is typical for build scripts. Overall, the code is focused on build automation without any suspicious or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard setup and build configuration script for a Python framework with no malicious behavior detected. It interacts with the system primarily for environment detection and configuration. No indicators of malware, sabotage, or security risks are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}