{
  "purpose": "This script defines setup and build configurations for the PyObjC framework, including packaging, testing, and environment setup.",
  "sources": "Various points where subprocess calls (e.g., 'sw_vers', 'clang', 'xcrun'), file reads (e.g., SDKSettings.plist, PKG-INFO), environment variables, and dynamic imports are used to gather system information, configure build options, or import test modules.",
  "sinks": "Execution of subprocesses for system commands, reading and parsing plist files, writing build info files, and dynamic import of test modules.",
  "flows": "System commands (subprocess calls) and file reads supply system information; this data influences build configuration flags and SDK settings. Dynamic import of test modules loads code at runtime, but from known, local files. No untrusted input is used in security-sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code performs standard build and test setup functions. All subprocess commands appear legitimate system queries. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected. No data exfiltration or network communications are observed.",
  "analysis": "The script performs system information retrieval (macOS version, SDK paths, compiler checks), modifies sys.path for testing, and configures build options based on SDK and OS versions. It dynamically imports test modules but from local, predictable paths. No untrusted data sources, network activity, or malicious code behaviors are present. The code's structure aligns with standard packaging scripts for macOS development, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate setup and build configuration script for the PyObjC project. It does not contain malware, malicious behaviors, or supply chain attacks. It primarily gathers system info, manages build configurations, and runs tests. All operations are consistent with standard development workflows.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}