{
  "purpose": "This code primarily serves as an import and initialization module for the Deepgram SDK, organizing and exposing various classes, functions, and constants for use in other parts of the SDK or by end-users.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external data inputs directly; it imports modules and constants from internal packages. No user inputs, environment variables, or external data sources are read within this file.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks present in this code that handle untrusted data. The code does not process or output data directly, nor does it execute or evaluate untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Since the code mainly performs imports and sets up the SDK's namespace, there are no data flows from sources to sinks. It establishes a structure for other modules that may handle such data.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a straightforward, well-organized module index with extensive import statements. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious functions, or unusual code patterns are present. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code acts as a central import hub for the Deepgram SDK, importing various classes, functions, and constants from multiple internal modules. It does not execute or evaluate any untrusted data, nor does it contain logic that could be exploited maliciously. All imported modules are related to SDK functionalities such as client handling, sources, responses, WebSocket communication, and audio processing. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage, such as hidden network calls, data exfiltration, backdoors, or obfuscated code, are present. The structure is typical for SDK entry points, with organized imports and comments. The code's purpose is to facilitate SDK operations securely.",
  "conclusion": "This module is a standard SDK initialization file containing organized imports. No malicious behavior, malicious code, or security risks are identified. The code does not handle untrusted input or perform any insecure operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}