{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python class 'TV' that interfaces with the TMDb API to retrieve various TV show data, such as details, credits, recommendations, and ratings.",
  "sources": "Input sources include parameters passed to methods (e.g., tv_id, page, rating, term) and session ID stored in 'self.session_id'. Data is primarily used internally for API requests.",
  "sinks": "Data is used in API request URLs and parameters, specifically in _request_obj method calls. No direct data sinks such as network transmissions or file writes are explicitly shown, but the _request_obj method is presumed to perform network requests.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (method parameters) flows into API request parameters and URL formatting within _request_obj calls. No evidence of unsafe execution flows or data leaks outside API interactions.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The only minor anomaly is the deprecation warning in the 'search' method, which is benign. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or unusual variable usage detected.",
  "analysis": "The class 'TV' acts as an API client wrapper for TMDb's TV show endpoints. It constructs request URLs and parameters based on method inputs and calls an internal '_request_obj' method presumed to handle the HTTP requests. All data flows involve user-supplied method parameters that are incorporated into request URLs or query parameters. There are no indications of malicious code, such as network exfiltration, reverse shells, or data theft. The code uses standard Python practices, and third-party dependencies are standard and transparent. The only note is a deprecation warning for the 'search' method, which does not pose security concerns. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate API wrapper with no malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client wrapper for TMDb with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It processes user inputs to build API requests without any malicious or suspicious logic. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}