{
  "purpose": "The code provides a class 'TV' for interacting with The Movie Database (TMDb) API to retrieve TV show data and perform related operations such as ratings, searches, and content details.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily received from method parameters (tv_id, term, page, ratings, dates, language options) and session information (self.session_id). No external untrusted input is directly read within the code; data is passed as arguments to methods.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially be sent via API requests in _request_obj calls, especially in methods that include user-controlled parameters like ratings, search terms, or session identifiers. However, these are used in controlled API request contexts, not as code execution or system command inputs.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (such as tv_id, term, page, rating) flow into _request_obj API calls as part of URL paths, query parameters, or request bodies. No dynamic code execution or system command execution occurs. Data flows from method inputs to API requests without manipulative or malicious transformations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are present. Usage of warnings.warn for deprecation is benign. The import handling for quote appears standard for compatibility. No obfuscated or unusual language constructs are used. The code is well-structured and aligns with typical API wrapper patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a 'TV' class extending TMDb, with methods to retrieve and manipulate TV show data via API requests. It handles parameters carefully and constructs request URLs and parameters explicitly, with no signs of unsafe dynamic code execution or data handling. The only potentially risky aspect is the 'search' method emitting a deprecation warning and calling an external 'Search' class, but this is documented and not inherently malicious. No hardcoded secrets or malicious payloads are detected. The code adheres to standard API interaction practices, and all data flows are safe within this context.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard API wrapper for TMDb with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It responsibly handles input parameters and makes controlled API requests. There are no indications of backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious code injections.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}