{
  "purpose": "This script executes a driver executable with command-line arguments, likely as part of a larger automation or testing framework related to Playwright.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from sys.argv (command-line arguments). It also reads environment variables from get_driver_env().",
  "sinks": "Uses subprocess.run() to execute an external driver executable, passing in command-line arguments and environment variables.",
  "flows": "sys.argv → subprocess.run() with driver_executable and driver_cli; environment variables from get_driver_env() influence the execution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded URLs are present. The code dynamically determines the driver executable and CLI, which is standard for automation tools.",
  "analysis": "The code imports subprocess and sys modules, then defines a main() function. Within main(), it retrieves a driver executable path and command-line interface via compute_driver_executable(). It then executes this driver with provided command-line arguments, passing environment variables obtained from get_driver_env(). The subprocess.run() call runs the driver executable with arguments and environment, then exits with its return code. Exception handling for KeyboardInterrupt is included. All functions used are from a known library (Playwright) and appear to be used as intended. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or malicious payloads. The use of subprocess to run an external driver is typical in automation contexts. No suspicious data leaks or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate part of an automation or testing framework, specifically related to Playwright. There are no signs of malicious intent or suspicious activity. The use of subprocess is controlled and based on external functions from a reputable library. Overall security risks are minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}