{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and classes for testing HTML/XML parsing and CSS selector matching, primarily for use in a testing framework.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as 'markup', 'selectors', and potentially from environment variables indirectly through imported libraries.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted input (markup or selectors) is processed and then printed or used insecurely, but the code primarily processes data internally for testing purposes. No direct sinks for data leaks or malicious actions are apparent.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters ('markup', 'selectors') through parsing functions, pattern compilation, and selection methods. The flow is mostly confined within testing routines, with output primarily to console via print statements, not to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "Use of print statements for debugging; no evidence of hardcoded secrets or credentials. The code relies on optional external libraries and conditionally skips tests if dependencies are missing, which is standard for testing frameworks. No suspicious or malicious behavior is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard testing utility setup for parsing HTML/XML documents using bs4 and other libraries. It includes environment checks for optional dependencies, conditional skipping of tests, and functions for asserting parsing and selection behavior. No parts of the code perform network communication, file operations, or any actions that could harm or exfiltrate data. The code does not include any obfuscated or suspicious constructs. The only notable feature is its conditional dependency handling and skipping, which is typical in test suites. Overall, the code appears benign and solely intended for testing purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign test utility module designed for parsing and testing HTML/XML documents with various parsers. It does not contain any malicious behavior, security risks, or obfuscated code. It performs standard operations within a testing framework and includes dependency checks and test skipping logic. No indicators of malware or malicious intent are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}