{
  "purpose": "The script generates Python code for GraphQL schemas based on introspection data, producing sgqlc.types schema definitions and related code.",
  "sources": "Reads JSON schema input from a file or stdin; reads schema name from arguments; reads scalar import specifications from arguments.",
  "sinks": "Writes generated Python code to a file or stdout; potentially executes file I/O and string formatting for code generation.",
  "flows": "Input JSON schema -> load_schema() -> CodeGen class processes schema -> write() methods generate Python code -> output written to file or stdout.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activities. The code mainly performs schema parsing, code generation, and file I/O. It includes utility functions for code formatting and argument parsing. No use of eval, exec, or dynamic code execution based on untrusted input is observed. It relies on standard libraries and known packages.",
  "analysis": "The code is a schema code generator for GraphQL schemas using introspection data. It imports only standard and well-known packages; parses JSON schema input; processes schema types, fields, and directives; generates Python classes for schema types; and writes the output to a file or stdout. No suspicious or malicious logic, such as network connections, data exfiltration, or code execution based on untrusted data, is present. The handling of arguments and file operations appears standard and safe. The code does not include any obfuscated or malicious code snippets. All functionalities are typical of a code generation tool, with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a schema generator from introspection data and does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It uses standard patterns for file I/O, argument parsing, and code formatting. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. Overall, it appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}