{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for managing task states, converting states to API-compatible formats, handling exceptions, retrieving results with retries, and creating various predefined state objects within the Prefect workflow framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from State objects, external modules such as prefect.client.schemas, prefect.results, and external libraries like httpx and uuid for generating result keys.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include result store interactions where result records are created and persisted, and exception handling where exceptions are formatted and possibly stored or re-raised.",
  "flows": "Data flows from State objects (sources) through exception handling or result retrieval functions, possibly involving retries, into result store persistence or exception conversion functions, with no external untrusted input directly influencing control flow.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or suspicious behaviors are present. Use of uuid for result keys is standard. No network activity beyond exception handling, no dynamic code execution, and no external untrusted input processing that could be malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of utility functions for state management, exception formatting, result retrieval with retries, and state object creation. It relies on standard libraries and external modules for result storage and exception handling. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection are evident. The use of UUIDs for result keys and exception handling patterns are standard practices. The code's purpose is internal workflow management, and it does not process untrusted input insecurely. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, securityRisk=0.2) are consistent with the code's content and purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured utility module for managing workflow states within the Prefect system. It does not contain malicious patterns, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The minimal security risk stems from interactions with external result stores and the use of UUIDs, which are standard and safe. Overall, the code is safe, transparent, and appropriate for supply chain use in this context.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}