{
  "purpose": "The code loads a sample EDF file using the pyedflib library, likely for testing or demonstration purposes.",
  "sources": "The filename is generated by get_generator_filename(), which constructs a path based on the current script's directory and a fixed filename 'test_generator.edf'. No external input appears to influence the filename.",
  "sinks": "The code does not process untrusted input into sensitive sinks such as network or system commands. The only potential sink is the instantiation of pyedflib.EdfReader with a local filename.",
  "flows": "The filename from get_generator_filename() flows directly into the pyedflib.EdfReader constructor, but since the filename is fixed and derived from the script's directory, there is no untrusted data flow.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard library functions and a third-party library in a typical manner. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or malicious constructs are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script imports the os module and pyedflib library. It defines test_generator() which retrieves a filename via get_generator_filename(), then creates an EdfReader object from pyedflib with that filename. The filename is constructed from the current script directory plus a static filename 'test_generator.edf'. The code is straightforward, with no dynamic user input or external data sources. There are no network connections, no suspicious file manipulations, and no obfuscated or malicious code patterns. The code appears to serve as a simple test or example of reading an EDF file from a local resource.",
  "conclusion": "This code is benign, serving as a test harness for reading a specific EDF file. It does not contain malicious behavior, hardcoded secrets, or security vulnerabilities. It is a standard implementation with no indications of supply chain or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}