{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and resource classes for AWS OpsWorks service, providing a structured interface for interacting with OpsWorks resources via boto3.",
  "sources": "Imports of standard library modules (sys), boto3 resource base classes, and custom type definitions. No external input sources are explicitly read in this code.",
  "sinks": "None. The code does not perform data output, network communication, or data processing that would serve as a sink for untrusted data.",
  "flows": "No data flow from untrusted sources to sinks is present. The methods are primarily class definitions with type annotations and docstrings, not executable logic with data flows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code mainly contains class definitions, type annotations, and docstrings referencing external documentation. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or unusual behavior is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines resource classes for AWS OpsWorks service with type annotations and collection classes, providing a structured interface for resource manipulation. It uses conditional imports based on Python version, which is standard practice. No executable code or data processing occurs within this snippet, reducing suspicion of malicious behavior. There are no network operations, data leaks, or code injection points. All functions are class method signatures with descriptive docstrings. The inclusion of metadata classes and resource collections aligns with standard boto3 stub patterns. No anomalies or malicious signals are evident.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a benign, structured set of class definitions and type annotations for AWS OpsWorks resources, intended to facilitate type-checked interactions with AWS services. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.05,
  "report_number": 2
}