{
  "purpose": "The code is a Python unittest suite testing a finite state machine (FSM) implementation called Fysom. It verifies state transitions, callback invocations, and exception handling within FSM logic.",
  "sources": "Internal function calls, test parameters, and callback invocations within the test class methods.",
  "sinks": "No external data sources, network operations, or data leaks are present. No untrusted data is processed or transmitted.",
  "flows": "Test methods invoke FSM transition functions, which trigger internal callbacks and state changes; no external data flows are involved.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. The code is straightforward and primarily for testing purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard unit testing suite for an FSM library, with callback functions controlling state transitions. It does not handle external untrusted data, perform network operations, or execute dynamic code. The callback functions influence FSM behavior but do not introduce security risks. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious intent or activity. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and readable. The security risk score should be very low, around 0.1, reflecting minimal inherent risk due to the test nature but acknowledging that callback functions could, in theory, be misused in an untrusted environment. The high risk score of 0.9 in some reports is unjustified and should be lowered to 0.1. Overall, the code is safe, with no malicious or obfuscated elements, and poses no significant security threat.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard unit test suite for an FSM library, with no malicious activity, obfuscation, or external data handling. The high security risk score in one report should be adjusted downward to accurately reflect its low-risk nature. Malware and obfuscation scores are correct at 0. The overall security posture is very low risk, and the code can be considered safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}