{
  "purpose": "The module provides functions to compare different saliency maps using various similarity and distance metrics, primarily for image analysis and evaluation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input saliency maps through function parameters in all metric functions, typically as numpy arrays. No external input sources such as files, network, or user input are directly read within the code.",
  "sinks": "The functions compute metrics based on input arrays. There are no sinks that output untrusted data or perform side effects like network connections or file operations. The normalization functions perform in-place modifications but only on provided data structures.",
  "flows": "Input saliency maps are processed through normalization or clipping functions, then passed into metric functions which compute distances or similarities based on the data. No external data flow is observed outside function parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or dynamic code execution, are present. The code contains well-documented functions with straightforward calculations. No hidden backdoors or malicious routines are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of standard image similarity/distance metrics and normalization functions commonly used in image analysis. All functions operate on numpy arrays, performing mathematically sound operations without side effects or external system interactions. The code is clear, well-structured, and contains no malicious or suspicious constructs. No external dependencies or network activity are present. Overall, the code appears benign and designed solely for image saliency map evaluation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, standard implementation of saliency map comparison metrics with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs typical normalization and distance calculations without side effects or hidden routines.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}