{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for normalizing, clipping, and calculating various similarity and distance metrics between saliency maps, primarily for evaluating image saliency methods.",
  "sources": "The functions read data from input numpy.ndarray saliency maps and external libraries such as numpy, torch, skimage, and scipy to perform computations.",
  "sinks": "None of the functions write to external systems, perform network operations, or access sensitive data. The code uses internal data only for computation.",
  "flows": "Input saliency maps are processed through normalization or clipping functions, then used in distance/similarity calculations, but no external or untrusted sources are involved in data flow.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for metric computations, with no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic. Function definitions and their internal logic are consistent with their purposes.",
  "analysis": "The script defines various normalization functions, distance metrics, and similarity measures for saliency maps. These functions only perform mathematical operations on provided numpy arrays. There are no network calls, file I/O, or obfuscated code. The code relies on standard scientific libraries (numpy, scipy, skimage). No suspicious or malicious behaviors, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors, are detected. All computations are mathematical and relevant to image similarity/distance evaluation. There are no signs of malware, hardcoded secrets, or malicious code. The code structure and naming are clear and consistent, indicating legitimate utility functions for saliency map analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of various metrics for comparing saliency maps. It performs safe, well-understood mathematical computations with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}