{
  "purpose": "Analysis of open-source Python dependency code for malicious behavior, obfuscation, and security risks.",
  "sources": "Code input, external URLs, environment variables, network calls, dynamic execution points ('exec', 'eval'), untrusted data sources.",
  "sinks": "Network communication, file operations, environment variable access, dynamic code execution, data exfiltration points.",
  "flows": "Sources such as user input or external URLs leading into dynamic execution or network transmission points.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of 'exec'/'eval', external network calls, unreferenced variables, obfuscation techniques, hardcoded secrets, suspicious imports.",
  "analysis": "The code exhibits patterns such as dynamic execution and network activity that are indicative of potential malicious intent. Obfuscation levels vary, with some code showing significant complexity. The presence of external communication and untrusted data sources increases suspicion. Benign code lacks these patterns. The scores should reflect the degree of suspicion: benign code warrants low scores, while code with suspicious patterns warrants higher scores. Adjustments are made to reflect the moderate suspicion in Report 3 by increasing malware score from 0.4 to 0.6, aligning with the described behaviors. High suspicion in Report 4 justifies high scores. Overall, the scoring aligns with the analysis, with minor adjustments to better calibrate risk levels.",
  "conclusion": "Most code is benign with low malware and obfuscation scores. Reports indicating suspicious patterns, especially dynamic execution and network activity, are assigned higher scores. The main adjustment is increasing Report 3's malware score to 0.6 to better reflect its moderate suspicion. Scores are consistent with the described behaviors, and further static/dynamic analysis is recommended for confirmation.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0.6,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}