{
  "purpose": "Setup and installation script for the SimplyBlock CLI package, including post-install configuration and environment variable retrieval.",
  "sources": "Reading environment variables from the file 'simplyblock_core/env_var', reading 'README.md' for description, reading 'requirements.txt' for dependencies, reading '.bashrc' and '.bash_completion' files, listing files in specified directories, executing shell commands during post-install.",
  "sinks": "Executing shell commands via getstatusoutput ('activate-global-python-argcomplete --user', 'source {path}'), appending to '.bashrc', reading environment variables, listing and accessing files in the filesystem, importing and executing setup functions.",
  "flows": "Shell commands and file reads could influence environment or system configuration; reading environment variables and modifying '.bashrc' potentially affect user shell setup; directory traversal for files; environment variable usage influences installation behavior.",
  "anomalies": "Use of getstatusoutput for running shell commands during post-install, including sourcing files which might alter user shell environment. Reading and writing to '.bashrc' based on existence and content. Dynamic retrieval of environment variables from a custom file, not directly from system environment. No explicit hardcoded secrets or credentials identified. No obfuscated code patterns or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The script performs standard package setup tasks: defining dependencies, package discovery, data file management, and post-install configuration. The use of subprocess to run 'activate-global-python-argcomplete' and 'source' commands, along with modifying '.bashrc', could be leveraged maliciously if the commands or files are manipulated, but as-is, these are typical environment configuration steps. The environment variable retrieval via a custom file 'simplyblock_core/env_var' may allow manipulation if the file is compromised, but this is not inherently malicious. No signs of code injection, backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications are present. The code is straightforward and aligns with common setup practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs typical setup and post-install configuration tasks with no direct malicious intent. Although it modifies user shell configuration and executes shell commands, these are standard procedures in CLI tool installation. There is no evidence of malware, hidden backdoors, or malicious behavior. The security risk is low, assuming the environment and files are secure. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}