{
  "purpose": "The code appears to set up a Python package with custom post-install behavior, including environment setup and data file management.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (e.g., 'SHELL', 'HOME'), reading local files ('simplyblock_core/env_var', 'README.md', 'requirements.txt'), and filesystem access (os.listdir, open).",
  "sinks": "Shell commands executed via getstatusoutput ('activate-global-python-argcomplete', 'source {path}'), file writes to '.bashrc', reading environment variables, and package data files.",
  "flows": "Environment variables are read and used in command execution and file paths. The getstatusoutput calls can execute system commands with potential untrusted input, but they use fixed strings. Files are read for environment variables and configuration. Data files are generated from specific directories, potentially exposing directory contents, but not directly malicious.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'source' command within a Python script could be suspicious if used maliciously, but here it is used to set up shell completion and configuration. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The code reads configuration files and manages environment setup without evident malicious intent. The commented-out data_files code and commented cmdclass suggest previous or alternative setup plans, but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script performs package setup and environment configuration, including activating shell completions and modifying '.bashrc'. It reads environment variables and configuration files but does not contain any network calls, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications. No obfuscated code or suspicious behavior detected. All filesystem and environment variable accesses are typical for setup scripts. No malware or malicious payloads identified. The use of getstatusoutput with fixed commands appears safe, and no secrets or backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard setup script with environment configuration and file management. It does not show signs of malicious behavior or malware. Its actions are typical for package installation and environment setup, with no evident security risks or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}