{
  "purpose": "Implementation of an HTTP client supporting synchronous and asynchronous requests with rate limiting, based on Axios-like design.",
  "sources": "Configuration inputs from function parameters, class attributes, and imported modules. HTTP requests made via http_client and async_client modules.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request methods (request, arequest, get, post, put, delete, patch, and their async counterparts) where data is sent over the network; configuration merging functions that could manipulate request parameters.",
  "flows": "Source data (input parameters, configs) flows into request functions, merged into request configs, which are then passed to HTTP clients for network transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected. Use of rate limiter appears standard. No suspicious data leaks or malicious behavior observed. No dynamic code execution or code injection identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard HTTP client abstraction with support for sync and async operations. It imports external modules for HTTP handling and rate limiting, but these modules are not detailed here; their usage appears typical. Configuration merging and request handling follow conventional patterns without any signs of malicious manipulation. The code does not handle any sensitive data directly nor does it include network communications to suspicious domains. All network interactions are routed through presumed standard libraries. No unusual code constructs, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors are evident. The code appears safe and designed for legitimate HTTP operations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical implementation of an Axios-like HTTP client supporting both sync and async requests with rate limiting. It does not contain any signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The structure and logic are consistent with standard practices, and no anomalies or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}