{
  "purpose": "Provides IPython magic commands for managing Nuclio functions, environment variables, deployment, and configuration within Jupyter notebooks.",
  "sources": "User input commands, environment variables, configuration files, code cells, system commands via ipy.system, code execution via kernel.run_cell",
  "sinks": "System commands execution, environment variable modifications, code execution, file reads",
  "flows": "User input or command line -> command parsing -> execution of system commands or code -> environment modifications",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic code execution (`kernel.run_cell`) and system calls (`ipy.system`) based on user input without sanitization; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility for managing Nuclio functions within Jupyter/IPython, involving commands that execute system commands and run code cells based on user input. It does not contain malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscation. The main security concern is executing untrusted input via system calls and environment modifications, which could be exploited if malicious input is provided. The code's purpose is management and deployment, not malicious activity. The malware score is 0, consistent with the absence of malicious code. The security risk scores (0.2-0.4) are appropriate, reflecting potential misuse if inputs are untrusted. The code's behavior is typical for such utilities, and the risks can be mitigated with input validation. No false positives or malicious intent are evident. Overall, the code is benign but should be used with caution in untrusted environments.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a management utility for Nuclio functions in Jupyter notebooks, executing commands and modifying environment variables based on user input. It does not contain malware or obfuscation. The primary security concern is the execution of untrusted input, which can be mitigated with proper validation. The assigned scores (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: 0.2-0.4) are justified and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}