{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebSocket-based RPC client with session management, interceptors, and event handling for communication with a server, specifically in a Qlik environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads input/data from the WebSocket connection via the recv_data() method, and from configuration such as API keys and URLs.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can be processed via json.loads() on incoming messages, and potentially via interceptors that can modify request or response data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the WebSocket recv_data() responses into JSON parsing, then through interceptors, and finally into event handlers or response processing functions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. Use of json.loads() is standard; no obfuscation or hardcoded secrets are present. Interceptor flexibility could be misused if malicious interceptors are injected externally, but this is a known extension point, not an inherent flaw.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard WebSocket RPC client with session management, event handling, and interceptor support. It handles incoming messages via a dedicated thread, parses JSON data, and emits events accordingly. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or sabotage are evident. The use of json.loads() on incoming data is typical for such clients. The interceptors provide extension points but do not introduce malicious activity by themselves. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2) are consistent with the code's behavior and potential misuse scenarios. The overall design is secure and legitimate, with minimal inherent risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured WebSocket RPC client with no malicious or obfuscated elements. The low risk score appropriately reflects potential misuse of interceptors or configuration issues but does not indicate actual vulnerabilities or malicious intent. The malware and obfuscated scores are justified as zero. Overall, the code is safe for use in supply chain contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}