{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a module for handling YAML serialization, deserialization, and customization, providing functions for loading, dumping, and configuring YAML processing with various loaders and dumpers.",
  "sources": "Input streams provided to functions like scan, parse, compose, load, load_all, full_load, safe_load, unsafe_load, and their variants. These streams are used as data sources for YAML parsing.",
  "sinks": "Output streams used in emit, serialize_all, serialize, dump_all, dump, safe_dump_all, and safe_dump functions, where serialized YAML data is written. Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted data is serialized without restrictions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input streams through loader functions to internal data structures, then potentially to output streams via dump or serialize functions. The functions involve loading data into Python objects and serializing back to streams.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious constructs are present. The functions are standard for YAML processing. The code dynamically uses different loader/dumper classes, but this is typical for such libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a comprehensive interface for YAML serialization/deserialization, with options for safe and unsafe loading, custom resolvers, constructors, and representers. It handles streams flexibly, using io.StringIO or BytesIO based on encoding options. There are no signs of malicious code such as network access, data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. The import statements are straightforward, importing modules relative to the package. No dangerous eval, exec, or similar functions are used. The code's structure aligns with standard YAML library patterns, and it includes safe practices like limiting tag resolution in safe_load. The functions do not perform any suspicious or unintended actions beyond their documented behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This module appears to be a standard, well-structured YAML processing library with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. All code behaviors are consistent with typical YAML serialization/deserialization functionalities, with no hidden network, system modification, or data theft mechanisms.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}