{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to execute Jupyter notebooks, analyze Python code dependencies, and parse Python scripts to identify function call dependencies.",
  "sources": "Input sources include: file reading of notebooks (`open(notebook_path)`), file reading of Python scripts (`open(str(py_code_path))`), and possibly external modules (`nbformat`, `nbconvert`, `ast`, `pandas`).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve: executing notebooks (`ExecutePreprocessor.preprocess`), parsing Python code (ast), and creating a DataFrame (pandas). No evidence of data leaks or insecure data handling is apparent.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file inputs (notebook or Python script) through processing functions, potentially executing notebooks or parsing code to dependency data, then outputs are written to files or returned as DataFrames. No untrusted data is forwarded to dangerous sinks like network, system commands, or sensitive storage.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. The functions rely on external modules without obvious malicious behavior. No obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The variable names are obfuscated but consistent with code comprehension rather than malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code reads notebook files and executes them via nbconvert's ExecutePreprocessor, which may run arbitrary code embedded in notebooks. However, this is a controlled and typical way to programmatically run notebooks, not inherently malicious. The dependency analysis in `wSRSZguPNNvYziyuYufCLNhHQvnVnfrL` uses AST parsing to identify function call dependencies, which is a standard static analysis technique. No indication of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads. The code does not contain any network activity, system modifications, or credential handling. The obfuscation is limited to variable names, which do not suggest malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a utility module for executing notebooks and analyzing code dependencies without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a utility set for executing Jupyter notebooks and analyzing Python script dependencies. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious activity. The main concern is the execution of notebooks which could run arbitrary code if notebooks are untrusted, but this is a known and controlled operation, not malicious in itself. The static analysis part is benign and standard. Overall, the code is safe and does not pose security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}