{
  "purpose": "The code appears to provide utility functions for executing Jupyter notebooks, analyzing Python source code for dependencies, and handling notebook execution workflows.",
  "sources": "File input streams when reading notebooks and Python files; function parameters accepting file paths; possibly environment variables or external notebook paths.",
  "sinks": "File write operations for notebooks; printing error messages; potentially external processes via nbconvert execution.",
  "flows": "Reading notebook files -> Executing notebooks -> Writing back to files. Analyzing Python files -> Parsing AST -> Collecting dependencies.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obscure variable names, no explicit hardcoded secrets, no obvious malicious code injections or backdoors. The code relies heavily on external modules (like nbformat, nbconvert, pandas, ast) and user input paths.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly focuses on executing Jupyter notebooks and analyzing Python source files for dependencies. It uses standard libraries for notebook processing and AST parsing. There are no apparent malicious behaviors such as network communications, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The functions perform expected tasks like executing notebooks and extracting function call dependencies. Obfuscated variable names are present but do not indicate malicious intent; they seem to be for code obscurity. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious behaviors are detected. The overall structure appears to be utility-based and safe, with no suspicious flows or anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a set of utility functions for notebook execution and dependency analysis. There are no signs of malicious intent or malware. The code's complexity and variable naming are unusual but do not indicate obfuscation aimed at hiding malicious activity. It appears safe and benign with respect to supply chain security.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}