{
  "purpose": "The code provides unit tests for the PrettyTable library's HTML export functions, verifying correct HTML output under various configurations.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the city_data and helper_table PrettyTable instances, which provide table data, headers, and attributes. Data is retrieved from these objects during get_html_string() calls.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the generated HTML strings that incorporate table data, headers, and attributes. These strings are returned as safe HTML or can be displayed or stored elsewhere.",
  "flows": "Data flows from PrettyTable objects (city_data, helper_table) into the get_html_string() method, which processes the data, applies escaping based on parameters, and outputs HTML strings.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious or malicious code patterns. The code strictly performs data retrieval and HTML generation for testing purposes. No hardcoded credentials, network activity, or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of test cases for HTML serialization of PrettyTable instances. It verifies HTML output correctness, handling of attributes, escaping, formatting, and internal borders. No external system calls, network activity, or malicious logic are present. The use of pytest and the PrettyTable library is standard, and the tests focus on output validation. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior. The data used is static or controlled within the test framework. No suspicious patterns, obfuscated code, or malware indicators are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of unit tests for the PrettyTable library's HTML rendering functions. It performs straightforward data processing and output validation without any malicious intent or security risks. It is safe and contains no signs of malware or supply chain attacks.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}