{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes and functions for testing and signal handling in Qt applications, including mechanisms for waiting on signals, monitoring emissions, and handling callbacks, primarily for use with pytest-qt testing framework.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from signal emissions, function callbacks, and signal connection parameters. Uses internal attributes for managing signal states and parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include disconnecting signals, which could be misused if signals are manipulated, but no direct sinks for untrusted data are evident. No network, file, or environment variable access is present.",
  "flows": "Signals are connected via 'connect' methods; emitted signals trigger internal handlers that set flags and store parameters; waiting methods monitor these flags and parameters to determine test success or timeout; no data flows to external systems or files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation present. The code uses standard PyQt signal connection/disconnection and event loops. No hidden code or malicious constructs are observed. The code appears structured for testing signals in Qt applications.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for signal blocking, waiting, and emission monitoring within Qt applications, specifically designed for testing scenarios. It uses standard PyQt mechanisms such as connect, disconnect, and event loops. The implementation includes callback validation, signal emission assertions, and order enforcement. No external data inputs, network access, or environment variable manipulations are present. The functions and classes perform signal state tracking and error reporting without any suspicious or malicious logic. The signal disconnect helper safely ignores disconnection errors, which is a common pattern in Qt testing utilities. Overall, the code operates within the expected domain of Qt signal testing, with no indication of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of testing utilities for Qt signals, with no malicious intent or malicious code components. It employs standard patterns for signal connection, waiting, and verification. There are no indicators of malware, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. The implementation appears safe and intended solely for testing purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}