{
  "purpose": "The code sets up configuration and utility functions for a Python-based HTML/templating linter called djlint, including project root detection, config loading, and regex pattern definitions for parsing templates and HTML.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration files (.gitignore, pyproject.toml, djlint.toml, .djlintrc, .djlint_rules.yaml), input parameters, and external dependencies like sys, Path, and third-party libraries. Also reads text content of various files and YAML/JSON data.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage if configuration or input data contains sensitive information; regex patterns process template and HTML content, but do not execute or evaluate untrusted code; no explicit data sinks for network, filesystem writes, or external calls present.",
  "flows": "Configuration files are read and parsed into internal dictionaries; regex patterns process input HTML/templating content for formatting rules; data flows from file reads into configuration structures; no dangerous data flow from untrusted sources to dangerous sinks detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code found. The code predominantly consists of regex pattern definitions, file discovery, and config parsing. The regex patterns are complex but appear solely for pattern matching and not for code execution. The use of dynamic regex patterns and pattern-building functions could potentially be misused if input is malicious, but as implemented, they are static pattern definitions. No obfuscated code, no eval, no exec, no network calls, or system command executions detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs project root detection, loads configuration files (.gitignore, pyproject.toml, djlint.toml, .djlintrc, .djlint_rules.yaml), and processes YAML/JSON content into configuration dictionaries. It constructs multiple complex regex patterns for parsing HTML, template tags, and ignoring blocks, all for formatting and linting purposes. The class Config encapsulates all configurations, with many default values and options influenced by external config files and parameters. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. All regex patterns are statically defined strings used for pattern matching. The code relies on standard libraries, third-party parsers, and pattern definitions; there is no sign of malicious payload or code injection.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a configuration and pattern setup module for a Python HTML/templating linter. It primarily reads configuration files and defines regex patterns for parsing HTML and template syntax. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. It appears to be a legitimate utility component with no signs of malware or malicious sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}