{
  "purpose": "This code is a configuration and utility module for a Python code formatter and linter, designed to handle project settings, rules, and parsing regex patterns for HTML, templates, and other code constructs.",
  "sources": "Reads input data primarily from configuration files (pyproject.toml, djlint.toml, .djlintrc, .djlint_rules.yaml), environment variables, and project directories. Uses file reading methods like Path.read_text() and Path.read_bytes().",
  "sinks": "Does not contain any explicit data sinks that handle untrusted external input for processing or output. Most functions are for configuration loading and regex pattern definitions. No network operations or data exfiltration code observed.",
  "flows": "Configuration files are loaded and parsed; regex patterns are constructed and stored as class attributes; project root detection and rule validation flow through file system checks and YAML/JSON parsing. No flow of untrusted external data to critical operations is evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. Regex patterns are complex but serve pattern matching purposes for HTML and templates; no obfuscated or suspicious dynamic code execution. The code is largely static and configuration-focused. Exception handling is appropriate and logging is used for errors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive configuration class with numerous regex patterns for parsing HTML and template syntax, along with functions to locate project config files. It reads configuration files (TOML, YAML, JSON) to build its settings, handling exceptions gracefully. No network, file manipulation beyond reading configuration, or other malicious behaviors are present. Patterns are for matching syntax, not executing code. No suspicious code injection or backdoor mechanisms detected. The structure is consistent with a configuration and regex pattern builder, and no signs of malware or sabotage are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a static configuration module for a code formatter/linter, with no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. It uses regex patterns for parsing code and loads configuration files safely. The code appears legitimate and safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}