{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a Dash web application to display images from a 'screenshots' directory, encoding images in base64 and serving them via a web interface, then uses Percy to take visual snapshots of the app for testing purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads image files from the filesystem in 'create_app' and 'run_percy_on' functions; reads current URL via dash_duo.driver.current_url; reads directory listing of 'screenshots' folder.",
  "sinks": "Uses dash_duo.driver.get to navigate to URLs constructed from filesystem data; outputs base64-encoded images in HTML elements; calls 'percy_snapshot' for visual testing.",
  "flows": "Filesystem data (image filenames) from 'os.listdir' and 'open' functions flow into URL construction and image encoding; URL from dash_duo.driver.current_url flows into navigation commands; encoded images flow into HTML 'src' attributes; dash_duo.percy_snapshot captures screenshots based on app state.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution. No suspicious network connections or data exfiltration observed. Use of 'sys.version_info' for naming is benign. No hidden backdoors or malicious behaviors apparent.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily handles file reading, image encoding, and web interface setup with Dash. It interacts with filesystem images, encodes them, and displays them in a web app for visual snapshot testing with Percy. The code uses standard Python modules and Dash callbacks. There are no signs of malicious code such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or data theft. The code is straightforward, with clear intent for testing and visualization, and no obfuscated or suspicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard image rendering and visual testing setup for a web app using Dash and Percy. There are no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate testing utility with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}