{
  "purpose": "Define core classes and decorators for stream operators in an asynchronous streaming framework, enabling piping, slicing, concatenation, and safe context management.",
  "sources": "Imports modules, functions, and classes; defines functions and methods that accept async iterables and functions as arguments.",
  "sinks": "Uses functions like wait_stream that await on async iterables; operators and methods that accept untrusted functions or iterables, but with assertions to verify async iterability.",
  "flows": "Input data from async iterables flows through various operator functions and methods, which assert async iterability and produce new Stream or Streamer instances; operators create factories or partial functions that generate async iterables; context managers ensure proper cleanup.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs. Use of dynamic class creation for operators is standard for flexible API design. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution detected. Proper use of assertions to verify async iterables. No network, file, or system modification operations. No privacy violations or data leaks observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines base classes for asynchronous streams, stream context managers, and a set of decorators for creating stream operators, including pipable and variadic operators. It ensures proper validation of function signatures and async iterable types. The operators generate classes with static methods and callables that wrap user-provided functions, enforcing async-iterability via assertions. The dynamic class creation is used to attach methods and signatures for operator-like behavior. There is no evidence of code injection, malicious data exfiltration, network connections, or reverse shell behaviors. The code strictly pertains to stream handling and operator creation, with proper safeguards and no hidden or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a well-structured framework for creating and managing asynchronous stream operators with no indication of malicious intent or sabotage. It employs standard patterns for decorators, dynamic class creation, and async context management. No malicious or harmful behavior is detected, and the design emphasizes safe handling of async iterables. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}