{
  "purpose": "The code provides core objects, utilities, and decorators for managing asynchronous stream operators in a Python library, enabling safe, pipelined, and composable stream processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads module imports, class definitions, function signatures, and parameters. It also reads the body of functions such as operator decorators, stream context functions, and class methods.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks such as network connections, file writes, or data exfiltration points. The code only defines structures and decorators for stream processing.",
  "flows": "The code flows from import statements to class and function definitions, with flow paths including the creation of stream operators, context managers, and operator wrapping functions. No external untrusted data flows are present within this module.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The code does not include any network operations, file manipulations, or external system calls that could be malicious. The code relies on user-provided functions and parameters, but this is typical for decorator-based libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a framework for creating, managing, and piping asynchronous stream objects in Python, emphasizing safe iteration, operator composition, and extensibility. It uses Python introspection and dynamic class creation to generate operator wrappers, ensuring signatures and documentation are preserved. There are no signs of code injection, malicious backdoors, or hidden behaviors. The code does not perform network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration. Its primary functions are safe utility and decorator implementations for stream processing. There are no indications of obfuscation or malicious logic; the code appears to be a legitimate component of a stream processing library.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a stream operator framework with no signs of malicious intent. It provides mechanisms for safe, extensible, and pipable asynchronous stream processing. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected, and the code appears to be a normal part of a Python stream utility library.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}