{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for running commands, executing modules, remote execution, and testing scripts.",
  "sources": "Function parameters, source code strings (for eval/exec), pickle serialization/deserialization, remote execution channels.",
  "sinks": "subprocess.Popen, communicate, eval, compile, pickle.loads/dumps, execnet remote_exec, sys.argv patching.",
  "flows": "Input parameters or source code -> eval/exec/compile or pickle -> remote execution or subprocess -> output or exception.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval, exec, pickle serialization, remote execution via execnet, dynamic code evaluation, patching sys.argv for testing.",
  "analysis": "The code contains functions that execute system commands, run modules, evaluate source code, and perform remote execution. It uses eval, compile, and pickle, which are inherently risky if inputs are untrusted. No hardcoded credentials or malicious payloads are present. The remote execution capabilities via execnet could be exploited to run arbitrary code remotely. The code is designed for testing and automation, not malicious purposes, but its features pose security risks if misused. The malware potential is high if inputs are malicious, but no active malware is embedded. The code's structure is straightforward, with no obfuscation. The security risks are significant due to dynamic code execution and remote features, warranting cautious scoring.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility library with powerful features like eval, pickle, and remote execution, which can be exploited if used with untrusted data. There is no evidence of malicious payloads or sabotage. The risk scores should reflect the potential for malicious misuse, with high scores assigned where dynamic code execution and remote features are prominent. Overall, the code is not malicious but inherently risky, requiring careful handling to prevent security issues.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}