{
  "purpose": "The code copies resource files from the 'aec.config-example' package directory into the user's '~/.aec/' directory, creating necessary subdirectories and skipping files starting with '__'.",
  "sources": "The code reads resource files from the 'aec.config-example' package via importlib_resources, and the os module for directory creation and path handling.",
  "sinks": "The code writes files into the user's home directory '~/.aec/', copying data from package resources to the filesystem.",
  "flows": "Resources are accessed via importlib_resources; files are checked for existence and then copied to the destination directory, with directory creation as needed.",
  "anomalies": "Variable and function names are obfuscated, and string concatenation is used for path construction instead of os.path.join, which could cause path issues on different platforms.",
  "analysis": "The script creates a directory '~/.aec/', iterates over files in the package resource 'aec.config-example', skips special files starting with '__', and copies remaining files if they do not already exist in the target directory. It uses importlib_resources to access package data and shutil.copy for copying files. The obfuscated variable names and string-based path concatenation are suspicious but do not indicate malicious activity. No network activity, code execution, or data exfiltration is present. The code's purpose appears to be resource deployment or configuration setup. The resource copying is straightforward, with no signs of malicious behavior or vulnerabilities. The obfuscation and path handling issues are noted but do not elevate the threat level.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign resource deployment utility that copies configuration files from a package into the user's directory. The obfuscated variable names raise suspicion but do not imply malicious intent. No malicious activity, data exfiltration, or network communication is evident. The overall security risk is low, and the malware score should remain at 0. The obfuscation score is justified at around 0.6 due to variable naming, and the risk score is approximately 0.2. The code's behavior aligns with a typical setup script, and no immediate security concerns are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}