{
  "purpose": "The code appears to copy configuration example files from a package resource directory into a local user directory (~/.aec/).",
  "sources": "The code reads resource files from the package 'aec.config-example' via importlib_resources, specifically in the function RWAQEMQiLNFTXbIftHkHREynbBQASeFi.",
  "sinks": "File system operations including os.makedirs, shutil.copy, and checks for existing files that could overwrite or duplicate data; potential data leaks if sensitive data were included in the resources.",
  "flows": "Resource files are read from the package and written to the user's home directory (~/.aec/). There is a flow from importlib_resources (reading resources) to filesystem writing via shutil.copy.",
  "anomalies": "The code skips files starting with '__'. It constructs file paths without explicit path sanitization or validation, potentially allowing directory traversal if resource names are manipulated (though unlikely with package resources). The filename concatenation lacks os.path.join, risking path issues.",
  "analysis": "The script creates a directory (~/.aec/), then iterates over files in 'aec.config-example' package resources. It copies each file that doesn't start with '__' to this directory, skipping existing files. The code is straightforward and typical for resource extraction, with no suspicious code or behavior. No hardcoded credentials or network activity observed. The use of importlib_resources is standard for embedded resource access. There are minor issues such as string concatenation for paths that could be improved with os.path.join, but these do not pose security risks.\n\nOverall, the code performs a benign copying of resource files into a local directory. No malicious behavior or sabotage detected. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors present.",
  "conclusion": "The code simply copies configuration example files from package resources to a local directory, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It appears to be a normal resource extraction routine with no security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}