{
  "purpose": "This code provides various country, postal code, state, phone number, and language validators for use in form validation, including functions to retrieve country and language information from external libraries.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters and class methods, particularly in _convert_to_python, _convert_from_python, and _validate_python methods.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable sinks include the use of external libraries (pycountry, turbogears.i18n), dynamic function calls, and regular expressions that process user input for postal codes and phone numbers.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from user-provided values into validators, processed through regex matching or external library lookups, then transformed into standardized formats or country/language codes, or raises Invalid exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex conditional imports with fallback behaviors, dynamic regex transformations, and external library calls that depend on user environment setup. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are observed. The code appears structured and purposeful, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious code. Warnings are issued if dependencies are missing. No network communications, system modifications, or data exfiltration routines are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs validation and normalization of country names, postal codes, phone numbers, and languages using regex patterns and external libraries like pycountry and turbogears.i18n. The conditional import logic and dynamic function definitions are standard for handling varying library versions. No code performs network requests, data exfiltration, or executes system commands. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are identified. The only potential concern is the use of external libraries, but these are common in such validation contexts and do not show malicious intent. Overall, the code is well-structured for its validation purpose, with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of validation classes and functions aimed at data normalization and validation for country, postal code, state, phone number, and language fields. It uses external libraries responsibly with fallback mechanisms and includes no suspicious or malicious behavior. There are no signs of supply chain attacks or malicious sabotage. The code appears safe and intended solely for validation purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}