{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of country, postal code, phone number, and language validators intended for use with form validation frameworks, supporting multiple international formats and localizations.",
  "sources": "Data sources include imported modules (pycountry, turbogears.i18n), user input values for country, postal code, phone number, and language fields, and internally used predefined lists and regex patterns.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data flows from user inputs through validation functions, especially in _convert_to_python methods where input values are processed and returned. Warnings are issued for missing dependencies, but no direct system or network operations are performed.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from user inputs through validation classes' _convert_to_python methods, which parse and reformat data, raising exceptions if validation fails. No external sinks like network or system calls are present in this code.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains dynamic function definitions based on external library API detection, but these are standard for handling version differences. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The only noteworthy aspect is the use of warnings if dependencies are missing, which is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a collection of validation classes for postal codes, country names, languages, and phone numbers, utilizing regex patterns, external libraries, and predefined lists. It contains conditional import handling for external dependencies (pycountry, turbogears.i18n) to support localization and country data. There are no indications of malicious code such as network connections, system modifications, or data exfiltration routines. The dynamic definitions based on library versions are standard practice and do not introduce malicious behavior. Warnings about missing dependencies are benign and serve user notification. Overall, the code appears to be well-structured validation logic without any malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive set of validation utilities for international address and contact data, relying on external libraries and regex patterns. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or harmful operations. The dynamic handling of external library API differences is standard and benign. There are no security risks beyond typical input validation concerns. Confidence in this analysis is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}