{
  "purpose": "This module provides various country-specific validators, postal code validators, phone number validators, and language validators for form validation purposes, primarily to normalize and verify country codes, postal codes, phone numbers, and language codes.",
  "sources": "Imports from internal modules (.api, .compound, .validators), external modules (pycountry, turbogears.i18n, gettext), and data sources for country, language, and postal code formats.",
  "sinks": "Potential data flow points include the use of external libraries (pycountry, turbogears), particularly where country, language, and postal code data are fetched or processed, but these are for lookup and formatting only; no untrusted data is directly used in system calls or network operations.",
  "flows": "Input data (country names, country codes, postal codes, phone numbers, language names/codes) flow into validation functions and are mapped to standardized codes or formats via internal lookup functions or regex processing. External libraries are used for lookups and translations, but there are no evident data leaks or malicious sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code contains warnings about missing dependencies but no suspicious behavior related to dynamic code execution or obfuscation. The use of gettext and dynamic warnings could be leveraged maliciously if misused, but in this context, they serve standard i18n purposes. No signs of code injection or data leakage are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly relies on external libraries for country, language, and postal code validation and formatting. It carefully handles different versions and API changes of pycountry. The validators use regex for postal code validation, and the country/language functions use lookup tables and external libraries. No untrusted data is executed as code or sent over the network; no dynamic code execution or insecure practices are observed. The only potential concern is the use of warnings and external library dependencies, but these are standard practices. The overall security posture appears safe; no malicious behavior or sabotage is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a set of validators for country, postal code, phone number, and language data. It uses standard lookup and regex validation techniques without executing untrusted code or performing malicious activities. There are no indicators of supply chain attacks or malicious sabotage. The code is safe, with low malware and security risk scores.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}