{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom Django form widgets for dynamic raw ID selection in the Django admin interface, allowing for dynamic linking and multi-select functionality.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from form data (in value_from_datadict), URL parameters (urlencode and reverse), and attributes of model and form objects (self.rel.model, self.admin_site).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include URL construction via reverse() and urlencode(), rendering methods, and client-side JavaScript includes. No untrusted data is directly written to sensitive outputs or system resources.",
  "flows": "Data flows from form submission data through value_from_datadict to possibly modify multiple IDs; context data is assembled via get_context with model and URL info; rendering passes processed values to HTML output. URL and JavaScript are included for client-side interactions.",
  "anomalies": "Use of private model attributes (_meta) could be risky if model implementations are non-standard, but this is common in Django. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code is evident. The code accesses model metadata and constructs URLs securely. No obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code utilizes Django's standard mechanisms for form widgets, URL reversal, and context data assembly. It handles multiple IDs via splitting/joining strings, which is standard practice. The inclusion of JavaScript files appears legitimate for enhancing the admin interface. No malicious behaviors, such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors, are observed. The code relies on trusted Django functions and standard practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate customization of Django admin widgets for dynamic raw ID fields. There are no signs of malicious intent or security vulnerabilities in this fragment. It securely uses Django mechanisms and does not handle untrusted inputs in unsafe ways.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}