{
  "purpose": "The code provides a client library to connect to the Axiom API for data ingestion, querying, and management of datasets, users, and annotations.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (AXIOM_TOKEN, AXIOM_ORG_ID), function parameters (dataset, payload, events, query options, etc.), and HTTP responses.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests sent via the requests library (post, get), which include authorization headers and payloads, potentially containing sensitive data.",
  "flows": "Input data such as payloads, events, and query parameters flow from user inputs or function arguments into HTTP request payloads or headers; responses are processed and converted into Python objects.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard API client with no suspicious or malicious code snippets. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Use of environment variables for sensitive info is standard. No data exfiltration or system manipulation observed.",
  "analysis": "The code imports necessary modules, manages API sessions with retries, and handles data serialization and deserialization. It provides methods for ingestion, querying, and client shutdown, all using standard libraries and conventions. The environment variables are used for security-sensitive tokens, which is common. HTTP requests include authorization headers, and response errors are properly handled. No suspicious network calls, backdoors, or data leaks are evident. The code structure is straightforward, with no unusual code patterns, obfuscated sections, or dynamic code execution. Overall, the implementation aligns with typical API client code and does not contain malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured Python client library for interacting with the Axiom API. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It appropriately handles credentials via environment variables, manages HTTP sessions securely, and processes data in a conventional manner. The likelihood of malicious intent is extremely low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}