{
  "purpose": "The code defines type annotations for various data structures used in the lexv2-models service, including request and response types for API operations, configurations, and settings, primarily for input validation and static analysis.",
  "sources": "Type annotations for data structures, including fields that read input data (e.g., request parameters), and fields that hold data from external sources or responses (e.g., response metadata). There are no explicit data input or source functions; data sources are implied by the structure of the data models.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include fields that contain untrusted data from responses, such as 'ResponseMetadata', 'failureReasons', URLs, or any input fields. These are standard in API responses and do not by themselves pose malicious risks. No code execution, network calls, or data leaks are explicitly present.",
  "flows": "There are no active data flows such as network operations, data processing pipelines, or dynamic code execution within this code. The code merely specifies data types, which are used elsewhere for data handling. No source-to-sink flow can be determined from static type definitions alone.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation, are present. The code is purely type annotation declarations with no logic, dynamic code execution, or input handling mechanisms. It uses standard typing constructs, including union and optional types, consistent with type definitions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of type annotations for a large API model, including request and response structures, configurations, and settings. It employs standard Python typing, conditional imports based on Python version, and structured data definitions using TypedDict. No suspicious code, external code execution, or hidden behaviors are present. The code is static, declarative, and typical for SDKs or API clients. There is no indication of malicious behavior such as network activity, code injection, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a non-executable, static set of type definitions used for data validation and static analysis in a Python SDK or API client. It contains no malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious patterns. It is well-structured, uses standard practices, and does not pose security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}