{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for interacting with Cisco APIC controllers, including retrieving version info, managing credentials, downloading package files, and installing packages via pip.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from connection objects (credentials, connection info), HTTP responses from requests (APIC version, package files), and subprocess output for pip installations.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows from HTTP responses (requests.get) and subprocess.run (pip install). The code executes pip commands which could install malicious packages if the download links are compromised.",
  "flows": "HTTP responses (APIC version, package files) are parsed for version info and download links; these links are used in subprocess calls to install packages via pip, which could execute malicious code during installation.",
  "anomalies": "The code disables SSL verification (`verify=False`) in requests, which can expose to man-in-the-middle attacks. It installs packages from URLs without validation. The use of subprocess without sanitization or checks could allow arbitrary code execution if links are compromised. Exception handling is broad, potentially hiding errors that could be security issues.",
  "analysis": "The script fetches data from network sources (APIC controller and package download endpoints), parsing responses to determine versions and download package files. It then installs packages via pip, trusting URLs that could be malicious. SSL verification is turned off, increasing security risk. The subprocess call for pip installation is directly invoked with external URLs, which can execute malicious code if the links are compromised or manipulated. No input validation or verification of package authenticity is performed, and the code lacks logging or audit trails for installations. Overall, the script performs potentially unsafe operations, especially around remote package download and installation, with minimal safeguards.",
  "conclusion": "The code facilitates remote package download and installation without adequate validation, SSL verification is disabled, and subprocess calls are unprotected. These factors combined pose significant security risks, including potential execution of malicious code during package installation. The code's design inherently trusts external sources, making it vulnerable to supply chain attacks. It should incorporate secure validation methods, verify package authenticity, and enforce SSL verification to mitigate risks.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.5,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 2
}