{
  "purpose": "This code manages ANSI escape sequences for terminal styling, converting them into Windows API calls or stripping them for compatibility across platforms. It wraps output streams to handle ANSI sequences and interacts with system-specific APIs to control terminal appearance.",
  "sources": "Reads input text containing ANSI sequences, environment variables (e.g., 'PYCHARM_HOSTED'), and stream attributes (e.g., sys.stdout, sys.stderr).",
  "sinks": "Writes styled or stripped text to wrapped output streams; calls Windows API functions via winterm to modify terminal state.",
  "flows": "Input text with ANSI sequences flows through regex parsing; sequences are either converted into Win32 API calls or stripped; resulting text is written to the output stream.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, backdoors, network activity, or obfuscation detected. Regex parsing and API calls are standard for terminal styling utilities.",
  "analysis": "The code provides cross-platform ANSI sequence handling by parsing sequences with regex, converting them into Windows API calls when on Windows, or stripping them otherwise. It wraps output streams to intercept write calls, ensuring styling is applied or removed as needed. No malicious logic, network activity, or obfuscation is present. The code interacts solely with terminal APIs and standard streams, with platform checks to ensure compatibility. The regex patterns and API calls are standard for terminal styling, and no hardcoded credentials or suspicious patterns are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign terminal styling utility that handles ANSI sequences for cross-platform compatibility. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or obfuscation. The assigned malware score of 0 and low security risk scores are appropriate. The high confidence levels reflect thorough analysis. Overall, the code is safe and intended for terminal output styling.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}