{
  "purpose": "Helper functions for environment setup, shared memory management, logging configuration, and command-line argument parsing for a larger data processing or machine learning project.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (via argparse), command-line arguments, and system information (like CPU count).",
  "sinks": "Logging outputs to stdout, shared memory operations which access system memory, and potential usage of untrusted argument inputs for thresholds and configurations.",
  "flows": "Command-line arguments influence shared memory and logging configurations; shared memory functions read and write data buffers; argument parsing impacts system parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No suspicious network or file operations. The code appears standard for environment setup. No obfuscated or unusual code constructs. No hidden backdoors or malicious functions present.",
  "analysis": "The script provides utility functions for shared memory handling, logging setup with styled output, and command-line argument parsing for data processing workflows. Shared memory functions create, load, and unlink shared memory segments, which are typical in multiprocessing contexts. The logger is customized for colored output based on severity levels, and argparse manages various configuration options for datasets, calibration, thresholds, and performance metrics. All parts are consistent with normal utility code, with no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code relies on standard Python libraries and well-understood patterns. There are no indications of obfuscated code or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is standard utility setup code for multiprocessing, logging, and argument parsing with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It functions as intended for environment and configuration management in a larger project.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}