{
  "purpose": "This module defines classes and functions to build, prepare, and handle HTTP requests and responses, primarily for the Requests library.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include URL strings, headers, data, files, JSON payloads, cookies, and hooks; especially within the prepare methods, request constructor, and property getters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network transmission (via prepared request and response content), setting headers (such as cookies, content-type, content-length), and JSON parsing. Particularly, the response content, headers, and request body are sinks where untrusted data could cause issues.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (URL, headers, data, files, cookies, hooks) into the request preparation stages, where they are encoded, validated, and assigned to internal attributes; then, the prepared request is sent over the network; response data flows into response object attributes, with content and text decoding, and potential re-encoding or parsing (JSON).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code performs standard request and response handling with appropriate error handling and encoding. No unusual or suspicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or obfuscated code is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard HTTP request and response classes with encoding, URL preparation, header validation, and content handling, following common patterns. No indications of malicious behavior, such as network communication outside the scope of requests, data theft, or covert channels, are evident. Functions like 'prepare_cookies', 'prepare_auth', and 'prepare_body' perform expected operations. Response properties handle decoding and error raising appropriately. Hooks and internal utils are used correctly. The code appears clean, well-structured, and without suspicious anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of HTTP request and response handling for the Requests library. No malicious intent or security risks are identified. It follows standard practices and does not contain malicious or sabotage code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}