{
  "purpose": "This code implements the Client Initiated BackChannel Authentication (CIBA) flow for OpenID Connect, providing classes to handle responses and manage token polling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from parameters passed to class constructors, such as 'auth_req_id', 'expires_at', 'interval', and 'kwargs'. It also accesses current system time via datetime.now() for expiration checks.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calling 'client.ciba' to request tokens, which involves network communication; and attribute access in '__getattr__'. However, no suspicious data leakage or external effects are directly evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters like 'auth_req_id' and 'expires_at' flow into response objects and polling jobs. The 'token_request' method calls the client's 'ciba' method, which likely involves network requests for tokens. Time-based checks in 'is_expired' and 'expires_in' are based on system time.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code structure appears standard and well-documented. No signs of backdoors or covert data exfiltration mechanisms are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data structures for handling CIBA responses and a polling job to repeatedly request tokens until authentication completes. It relies on external 'client' objects to perform network operations, but no malicious logic or suspicious data handling is present. Usage of system time for expiration checks is typical. Overall, the implementation appears standard and secure, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of CIBA flow handling with no detectable malicious behavior or security risks. It employs typical practices for time management and network requests. There are no signs of supply chain attacks, backdoors, or malicious data leakage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}