{
  "purpose": "The code is a setup script for the PyObjC framework wrappers, including custom build, testing, and packaging procedures.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (e.g., CFLAGS, PATH), runs subprocess commands (sw_vers, clang, xcrun), reads files (SDKSettings.plist, PKG-INFO, headers), imports modules, and accesses package data.",
  "sinks": "Subprocess calls that execute system commands, file operations that read/write potentially sensitive files, dynamic import of test modules, and modification of sys.path and sys.modules.",
  "flows": "Environment variables (CFLAGS, PATH) influence subprocess calls and compiler configurations. Subprocess commands provide system info used in build flags. Files are read to gather SDK and package metadata. Import of test modules is dynamic, based on discovered files.",
  "anomalies": "Use of subprocess to run system commands (sw_vers, clang, xcrun) could potentially be leveraged maliciously if environment is compromised. Dynamic import of test modules and modification of sys.path are generally benign but could be manipulated if test files are malicious or tampered with. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are observed. No obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs environment setup, system info collection, and testing procedures for packaging Python modules. It uses subprocess to retrieve system versions and SDK info, and dynamically imports test modules based on file discovery. It modifies sys.path and sys.modules for testing purposes. All subprocess calls are standard for environment detection, with no evidence of malicious commands or data exfiltration. No suspicious network activity or harmful file modifications are evident. The code's behavior aligns with intended build and test workflows. The dynamic import and sys.path manipulations could be exploited if malicious files are introduced into the test directory, but this is typical for test frameworks and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate setup and testing script for PyObjC, with standard use of subprocesses, file handling, and dynamic module loading. There are no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage within this code. The potential risks are typical for build scripts and do not suggest malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}