{
  "purpose": "The code is a setup script for the PyObjC framework wrappers, managing build, testing, and packaging processes.",
  "sources": "Reading environment variables (e.g., CFLAGS, PATH), subprocess outputs (e.g., 'sw_vers', 'clang', 'xcrun'), file system operations (e.g., reading SDKSettings.plist, opening files), and user input parameters.",
  "sinks": "Executing system commands ('sw_vers', 'clang', 'xcrun'), reading and writing files (including plist files and build info), modifying sys.path, and importing modules for tests.",
  "flows": "Environment variables (CFLAGS, PATH) influence get_sdk and compiler selection; subprocess calls gather system info; file reads extract SDK info; get_sdk_level loads plist data; build extension arguments are set based on SDK and environment; test suite runs via unittest and subprocess; sys.path modifications influence module imports.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Use of subprocess with external commands (e.g., 'sw_vers', 'clang', 'xcrun') is expected for system info. The code dynamically adjusts build configs and test setups based on system state. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or hidden data exfiltration observed. Logging and subprocess calls are standard for build scripts.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily manages build and test workflows for a Python C extension package, incorporating system checks, environment adjustments, and test execution. It uses subprocess calls to gather system info, loads plist data for SDK versions, and modifies sys.path for testing. No suspicious code patterns such as data exfiltration, network connections, or malicious payloads are detected. All subprocesses and file operations serve legitimate build and testing purposes. The script's design aligns with standard package setup procedures, with appropriate safeguards and system checks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical setup and build script for a Python extension package, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs system checks, configures build parameters, and runs tests as expected. No malicious behavior or sabotage detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}