{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions and a class for normalizing and cleaning text data, primarily for language processing tasks, including removing diacritics, symbols, and unwanted phrases from input strings.",
  "sources": "The code reads input strings through the __call__ method of the BasicTextNormalizer class, which processes text passed to it for normalization.",
  "sinks": "There are no clear sinks where untrusted data could cause harm or data leaks. The code does not write data to external systems, files, or networks. It only processes and transforms strings locally.",
  "flows": "Input strings are normalized via Unicode normalization, filtered for specific patterns (brackets, parentheses), and optionally split into graphemes. The flow involves input through __call__, normalization, pattern removal, and returning cleaned text.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are present. The code is straightforward text normalization without any hidden or obfuscated logic.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard modules (re, unicodedata, regex) for string processing and normalization. It defines a dictionary for special diacritics replacements. The functions remove_symbols_and_diacritics and remove_symbols clean the text by removing or replacing symbols, diacritics, and punctuation. The BasicTextNormalizer class encapsulates normalization procedures, including removal of text within brackets or parentheses, symbol removal, lowercasing, and optional splitting into graphemes. There are no network operations, file I/O, or any suspicious code segments. The code is clearly for text normalization and does not contain malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is benign, focused on text normalization, and does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. It operates solely on input strings and employs standard libraries for string manipulation. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}