{
  "purpose": "The code provides data preprocessing functions for biological datasets, including filtering gene expression data, constructing ligand-receptor interaction matrices, normalizations, and clinical data processing for downstream analyses.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSV files (ligand-receptor database) using pd.read_csv and loads data from adata objects, which are passed as parameters.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data are present; data is processed within dataframes and arrays. No network, file, or system commands are executed based on untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input datasets (bulk data, adata, clinical data) through filtering, normalization, and matrix operations. No external commands or code execution paths are triggered by untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code, are present. The use of importlib.resources.path is standard for accessing package data. No dynamic code execution or unsafe eval functions are used. The code appears straightforward and consistent with typical biological data processing.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard data processing routines with clear separation of functions and no signs of malicious behavior. It accesses package resources safely, reads CSV files without executing code, and operates on dataframes and numpy arrays. No hidden network connections, system modifications, or suspicious file operations are observed. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code segments. The functions do not contain unsafe operations such as insecure SQL queries or code injections. The use of np.sqrt in build_communication_matrix is safe, as it operates on dataframes, not external inputs. Overall, the code appears legitimate, well-structured, and free of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of data preprocessing and analysis functions typical for biological datasets, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It reads data from known sources, performs calculations securely, and lacks any suspicious operations or hidden malicious logic.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}