{
  "purpose": "Unit tests for the 'get_all_source_files' function from the 'lizard' module, primarily for source file discovery and filtering logic.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to 'get_all_source_files', mock return values of 'os.walk', 'os.path.isfile', 'lizard.md5_hash_file', 'builtins.open', 'os.exists', 'os.relpath'.",
  "sinks": "File reads (open), file path checks (exists), system calls (platform.system), file filtering, mocking functions, and hash comparisons.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> 'os.walk' and 'os.path' checks -> filtering based on filename patterns and hash comparison -> reading file content to detect duplicates -> filtering with gitignore rules.",
  "anomalies": "Use of patching for multiple modules, including mocking of 'md5_hash_file' and 'auto_open'. The test code does not perform network communication, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The code structure is consistent with standard unit testing practices. No suspicious or obfuscated code features are present. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found.",
  "analysis": "The code consists entirely of unit tests for a source file discovery and filtering function. It mocks filesystem interactions, file reads, and hash functions to verify behavior in different scenarios. No malicious activities such as data theft, code injection, network communication, or system manipulation are present. The tests are designed solely to validate the correctness of source file filtering logic based on filenames, patterns, and ignore rules. The code does not contain suspicious or malicious behavior. The use of mocking indicates isolated testing without side effects or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of standard unit tests for file discovery and filtering, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It appears safe, and the purpose is to ensure correct functionality of source file filtering logic. No malware or security threats are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}