{
  "purpose": "The code is a static configuration data structure containing owner info, database settings, server details, client data, and product info. The primary purpose appears to be data storage or configuration.",
  "sources": "The code reads static data from nested dictionaries and lists, with no external input or data sources.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks where untrusted data flows or could cause leaks; the code does not process untrusted input or perform external communication.",
  "flows": "There are no data flows from sources to sinks; the data is static and not processed dynamically.",
  "anomalies": "The 'dob' field in 'owner' contains invalid or nonsensical datetime data, indicating data corruption or placeholder values. No other anomalies are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is static configuration data with nested dictionaries and lists. The main anomaly is the malformed 'dob' datetime object, which appears to be a data corruption or placeholder rather than malicious code. No code execution, input handling, or external communication is evident. The absence of code injection, network activity, or suspicious patterns suggests no malicious intent. The 'malware' scores are all zero, aligning with the benign nature. The 'obfuscated' scores are zero, indicating no obfuscation techniques. The 'securityRisk' scores are low (around 0.1-0.2), reflecting data anomalies but not active threats. Overall, the data anomalies are benign and likely due to data corruption or formatting issues, not malicious sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static configuration with data anomalies in the 'dob' field. There is no evidence of malicious activity, malware, or obfuscation. The current scores (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: 0.1-0.2) are appropriate and justified. The anomalies should be flagged for data validation but do not constitute security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}