{
  "purpose": "This script provides a command-line interface for interacting with AWS services, including EC2, AMI, Compute Optimizer, and SSM, using various subcommands and parameters.",
  "sources": "User input via command-line arguments, imported configuration files, and AWS SDK interactions.",
  "sinks": "AWS SDK calls that interact with AWS resources, print statements that output errors and information.",
  "flows": "Command-line arguments are parsed and validated, then used to invoke AWS SDK functions or display output. Exception handling captures AWS-related errors and outputs relevant messages.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated variable and function names, which do not reflect their purpose. Extensive imports from a utility package with obscure names. The code includes hardcoded AWS command-line parameters and error handling that masks specific AWS error codes, but no malicious actions are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical CLI wrapper around AWS SDK functions for managing EC2 instances, AMIs, compute resources, and SSM commands. It performs argument parsing, validation, and error handling. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoor mechanisms are present. The obfuscated naming might be considered unusual but not malicious. The error handling logic is standard for AWS SDK interactions. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code injections are detected. The code does not perform any hidden or unauthorized actions beyond standard AWS resource management functions.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate AWS CLI wrapper designed for managing EC2, AMI, compute, and SSM resources. It employs obfuscated variable names but does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided content. The code is typical of a command-line tool for cloud resource management with no evident malware or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}