{
  "purpose": "The code implements wrappers for OpenAI API calls to add OpenTelemetry tracing, capturing request and response data for observability and diagnostics.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'kwargs' (e.g., prompts, functions), and response objects (responses, choices). It also reads context variables for suppression and tracing control.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting span attributes with request prompts, response choices, and token usage details. These are mostly for telemetry and logging; no direct data leakage functions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs (prompts, function parameters) into span attributes via helper functions, and response data is processed and logged. Streaming responses involve accumulating data through generator functions, with spans updated accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code structures are observed. The code includes standard telemetry and error handling patterns. It uses well-structured async and sync wrappers. No obfuscation or malicious payloads detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines wrappers to instrument OpenAI API calls for tracing. It conditionally suppresses instrumentation based on context variables, and creates spans around API requests. It handles both streaming and non-streaming responses, extracting and logging relevant data such as prompts, choices, token usage. Helper functions safely set span attributes and handle errors. The code relies on external modules for actual data extraction and span management. No external inputs are processed insecurely; the data flows are controlled and intended for observability. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage, and the code appears to serve diagnostic purposes only.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate instrumentation wrapper for OpenAI API calls, focused on telemetry collection. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security threats are detected. It appears to be a standard, well-structured observability utility with no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}