{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of classes and functions for creating and rendering formatted table layouts with columns of different types (string or integer). It is intended for structured data presentation.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the 'rows' parameter of the 'table' function, which receives sequences of objects (likely strings or integers). The code also reads class attributes such as 'name' and 'width' during object initialization.",
  "sinks": "The code does not have any direct sinks that involve untrusted data affecting system security, such as network connections, file writing, or command execution. It formats data into strings for display purposes only.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'rows' flows into the 'field' methods of column objects, which process the data (possibly truncating or formatting). The formatted strings are then combined into the table string output. There are no insecure data flows involving external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to perform straightforward string formatting and data validation. No hardcoded secrets, unusual dynamic code execution, or obfuscated patterns are present. No backdoors or malicious logic are evident. Exception classes are standard for input validation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data classes for column layouts with validation (e.g., no negative numbers, truncation of long strings). The 'table' function constructs a textual table, validating consistent row sizes. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection. The code operates within expected bounds for data formatting.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation for table formatting with input validation and no signs of malicious behavior or security issues. It reads input data, processes it safely, and produces formatted string output without external effects.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}