{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to parse HTTP authentication headers, specifically 'www-authenticate' and 'authentication-info' headers, according to relevant RFC standards.",
  "sources": "Headers provided as input to functions _parse_authentication_info and _parse_www_authenticate, specifically extracting 'authentication-info' and 'www-authenticate' header values.",
  "sinks": "Parsing functions that convert header strings into structured data, but no direct use of untrusted data in insecure commands, system calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "flows": "Input headers -> parseString (using pyparsing) -> parsed data structures, which are returned as dictionaries.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. Use of regex and pyparsing appears standard. No obfuscation or unnecessary dynamic code execution. Commented URLs refer to RFC standards, not malicious content.",
  "analysis": "The code employs regex and pyparsing to parse standard HTTP headers for authentication. Parsing is wrapped in try-except blocks to handle malformed headers, raising specific exceptions (MalformedHeader). The parsing rules follow RFC specifications for tokens, quoted strings, and parameters. No external command execution, network communication, or data exfiltration is present. Usage of regular expressions and pyparsing appears legitimate, serving as standard parsers. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code flow are present. The functions process headers safely, converting them into dictionaries for further processing. The code structure and comments suggest it's intended for correct parsing of authentication headers, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate parser for HTTP authentication headers, following RFC standards. It does not contain any malicious behavior, obfuscated code, or security risks. No signs of malware or malicious intent are present.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}