{
  "purpose": "Analysis of open-source Python dependency code for malicious behavior, obfuscation, and security risks.",
  "sources": "Input data sources such as environment variables, input files, network requests, and dynamic code execution points like eval/exec.",
  "sinks": "Network transmissions, file writes, environment variable access, dynamic code execution points, and data exfiltration channels.",
  "flows": "Sources such as environment variables or input data flow into processing functions, potentially leading to network requests, file operations, or dynamic code execution as sinks.",
  "anomalies": "Signs of obfuscation (poor variable naming, lack of comments), dynamic code execution (eval/exec), and suspicious data flows without clear purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code exhibits signs of obfuscation and dynamic execution, which are common in malicious scripts. The suspicion is supported by signs of data exfiltration potential. No explicit malicious payloads are identified, but the obfuscation and suspicious data flows warrant caution. The scores assigned reflect these observations: moderate confidence, some obfuscation, low malware likelihood, and moderate security risk. The absence of code in some reports limits definitive conclusions. Overall, the assessments are aligned with the evidence, with a slight increase in malware suspicion for Report 1 to better match the signs of obfuscation and data flow concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The reports are generally consistent with their findings. Report 4's high suspicion is justified by dynamic code execution and obfuscation. Report 1's initial malware score is slightly conservative; increasing it to 0.4 improves accuracy given the signs of obfuscation and data exfiltration potential. Other reports correctly identify benign or insufficiently detailed code. Overall, the security risk remains moderate for suspicious code and low for benign or absent code. The adjusted scores better reflect the observed behaviors and potential risks.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0.4,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}