{
  "purpose": "Dynamically imports a connector module based on the provided 'name' parameter and returns an instance of its Connector class.",
  "sources": "The 'name' parameter used to construct the module name string; importlib.import_module used to load the module.",
  "sinks": "The importlib.import_module call, which loads a module based on unvalidated input, potentially leading to loading malicious or unintended modules.",
  "flows": "The 'name' parameter flows into the module name string, which is then used by importlib.import_module to load the module; the module's Connector class is instantiated and returned.",
  "anomalies": "No validation or sanitization of 'name' before import; reliance on external input without checks; straightforward code with no obfuscation or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a module name from user-controlled input 'name' and imports it dynamically. It handles missing modules by raising a custom error. No malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious behavior is present within the code itself. The main security concern is the lack of validation on 'name', which could allow loading malicious modules if 'name' is controlled by an attacker. The malware score is correctly 0, as no malicious activity is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The security risk score should reflect the potential for exploitation due to unvalidated input; a moderate score around 0.4-0.5 is appropriate, depending on environment trust assumptions. Proper validation or whitelisting of 'name' would mitigate this risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard plugin loader that performs dynamic import based on an input parameter. It does not contain malware or obfuscation but poses a security risk if 'name' is not validated. The current scores are appropriate; a slight increase in the security risk score to around 0.5 would better reflect the potential risk. Implementing input validation or whitelisting is recommended to mitigate this vulnerability.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}