{
  "purpose": "Implementation of a stochastic LASSO feature selection algorithm supporting both linear and logistic regression with bootstrapping, parallel processing, and correlation-based predictor sampling.",
  "sources": "Data input via method parameters; numpy arrays converted from input X and y; random number generators for bootstrap sampling and predictor sampling.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks if data is exposed outside the class; untrusted data could influence predictor sampling or bootstrap indices, but no external data sinks or network calls are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through standardization, bootstrap sampling, predictor sampling, and coefficient estimation steps; p-values are computed from bootstrap distributions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external connections. Usage of warnings filter is benign. No obfuscated code features observed. Random number generator is used properly for bootstrap sampling. External library calls (util and glmnet_model) are assumed standard; their internal security is not assessed but usage appears typical.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a statistical feature selection method with standard Python libraries, including numpy, scipy, and custom modules. It uses bootstrap sampling, correlation-based predictor selection, and p-value computation to identify significant features. Parallelization with ProcessPoolExecutor is used responsibly. No external network connections, obfuscated code, or malicious patterns are evident. The code relies on external modules for core operations, but nothing suspicious is visible from the provided code. Random seed management appears standard, and no hardcoded secrets are detected. The overall design aligns with typical statistical modeling practices, and no malicious or maliciously intended behavior is observable.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a stochastic LASSO feature selection method. It uses standard statistical techniques and parallel processing responsibly. There are no signs of malware, sabotage, or malicious behavior. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}