{
  "purpose": "This code defines an asynchronous middleware class for the Slack Bolt framework, allowing custom async functions to be integrated into the middleware chain.",
  "sources": "Inputs include the 'func' parameter (user-defined async function), request object 'req', response object 'resp', and the 'next' callback function.",
  "sinks": "The user-provided function 'func' is invoked with dynamically built keyword arguments, which could potentially include untrusted data if 'func' processes external input insecurely. However, this is part of standard middleware behavior and not inherently malicious.",
  "flows": "Input data from the request and internal variables flow into the 'func' during 'async_process', with data passing through 'build_async_required_kwargs' before invocation.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward with standard middleware patterns. No suspicious hardcoded secrets, unusual dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors are detected. Usage of get_name_for_callable and get_arg_names_of_callable indicates reflective operations, but these are typical utility functions.",
  "analysis": "The code enforces that 'func' must be an async function, preventing accidental synchronous or malicious synchronous code injection. It uses standard logging and utility functions for introspection and request handling. No code injection, backdoors, or malicious network activity is evident. The dynamic invocation via '**' is controlled and based on safe utility functions. The overall structure and dependencies are consistent with legitimate middleware design. No obfuscation, malicious behavior, or suspicious activity identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of async middleware for Slack Bolt with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It relies on external, presumably safe, utility functions for reflection and request handling. Overall, it appears secure and well-structured.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}