{
  "purpose": "The provided code defines classes and data structures for configuring and creating Python-based AWS Lambda functions and layers within the AWS CDK framework. It facilitates bundling, environment setup, and deployment options for serverless Python functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from class constructor parameters, including properties like 'entry' (source code path), 'bundling' options, environment variables, and optional configuration objects like 'current_version_options' and 'log_retention_retry_options'. It also reads static data from imported modules and type hints.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include property assignments that could affect deployment or execution, such as setting environment variables, defining roles, and configuring network options. However, no direct system or network calls, file manipulations, or external communications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor parameters into class properties and internal configurations. For example, 'entry' and 'bundling' parameters flow into the creation of Lambda and layer resources. No external or untrusted data input streams or command executions are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be purely declarative, with no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious string patterns. The code uses type hints and assertions for type safety, and no obfuscated language features or dynamic code execution are present. All properties are standard for AWS CDK constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data classes for bundling options and Lambda function/layer properties, facilitating configuration for AWS CDK deployment. The code relies on well-known AWS CDK classes, standard type annotations, and assertions for parameter validation. There are no signs of malicious code, such as network access, data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The functions and classes serve to model cloud resources, with no runtime or external communication code.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward, well-structured set of configuration classes for deploying Python Lambda functions using AWS CDK. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is purely declarative infrastructure code without signs of supply chain attacks or malware.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}