{
  "purpose": "This source code provides classes and data structures for creating and configuring AWS Lambda functions and layers with Python-specific bundling and deployment options, intended for use within the AWS CDK framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from parameters such as 'entry' paths, bundling options (build_args, environment), and configuration objects. It also reads class attributes and method parameters that specify runtime, architecture, policies, and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any direct data sinks such as network connections, file writes, or external data exfiltration. No untrusted data is written to external systems or files.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (entry paths, build args, environment variables) are used to configure Lambda functions and layers; these are processed internally but do not flow into any external sinks. The bundling options could influence build processes but do not contain or execute malicious code.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes comprehensive configuration options for bundling and deploying Lambda functions and layers. There are no signs of hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The presence of detailed documentation and flexible options is typical for SDK-like code, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data structures and classes for configuring Python-based Lambda functions and layers within AWS CDK. It handles dependency bundling, environment variables, security policies, and other deployment options. No code execution, network activity, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The functions are used to specify infrastructure and deployment configurations only. The code appears to be boilerplate, SDK-like, with no malicious intent. It focuses solely on infrastructure as code (IaC) setup, with no signs of sabotage or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard library for configuring AWS Lambda functions and layers in Python using CDK constructs. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The code is purely infrastructure configuration, with no suspicious data flows or backdoors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}