{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom Python grammar parser using the parso library, incorporating specific tokenization and parsing logic, likely for a specialized Python dialect or language extension.",
  "sources": "The code reads grammar definition text files from package resources using read_text, and uses imported modules for tokenization and version parsing. It does not process external input or untrusted data directly.",
  "sinks": "No sinks such as network operations, file writes, or system commands are present. The code focuses on grammar parsing and tokenization without executing or evaluating untrusted data.",
  "flows": "The flow involves loading grammar text from resource files, initializing a parser and grammar objects, and then parsing source code strings. There are no evident data flows from untrusted sources to critical sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are observed. The code uses standard Python module patterns, resource reading, and object initialization. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up a custom parser for a specialized Python dialect, loading grammar definitions from resource files, and defining classes for tokenization and parsing. It reads grammar text dynamically based on the Python version. No untrusted data processing or potentially malicious behaviors, such as network access, file manipulation, or code execution, are present. The usage of read_text is limited to resource reading, which is standard and safe in this context. No suspicious patterns or behaviors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation for a custom parser with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It solely performs grammar loading, tokenization, and parsing functions without executing or transmitting data. Overall, it is safe from a supply chain or malware perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}