{
  "purpose": "Defines constants, configuration, and language mappings for a translation-related package, likely to facilitate translation requests and manage supported languages and service URLs.",
  "sources": "Constant string definitions, tuples, and dictionaries for URLs, language codes, and language names; no user input or external data sources present.",
  "sinks": "No data sinks that process untrusted input; no network or file operations are present within this code fragment.",
  "flows": "No data flow from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks; the code is purely declarative with static data structures.",
  "anomalies": "The extensive list of 'DEFAULT_SERVICE_URLS' includes numerous Google domain URLs, but these are standard and benign in context. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code constructs are present. The 'DUMMY_DATA' variable appears to be placeholder or test data, which is typical and harmless. The 'SPECIAL_CASES' mapping is simple key-value pair. There are no obfuscated or dynamically executed code segments.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly consists of static constants and configuration data: URL lists for Google services, language code mappings, and some auxiliary variables. No input parsing, data processing, or network communication logic is implemented here. The URL lists are consistent with Google Translate regional domains, which is normal for a translation utility. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as code injection, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The 'DUMMY_DATA' appears to be test data or placeholder data, not executable malicious code. Overall, the code is straightforward and safe.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is purely declarative, defining static constants and mappings related to Google translation services and supported languages. It does not contain any malicious logic, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The extensive URL list is consistent with legitimate Google domains. No security risks or malware indications are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}