{
  "purpose": "The code provides a simple substitution cipher mechanism for encrypting and decrypting tokens using predefined tables.",
  "sources": "The input token string 'ENCTOKEN', which appears to be a JWT or similar token, is read during the encryption and decryption process.",
  "sinks": "The encrypted token is stored in 'converted_token' and then decrypted back, but no external data is sent or stored; the process appears self-contained.",
  "flows": "The token is read as input, transformed via substitution tables during encryption, then reversed during decryption. No external output other than printing occurs.",
  "anomalies": "The substitution cipher is very weak and trivial; the code does not perform any security-related functions beyond simple character replacement. The token appears to be a JWT or similar token, but the code does not verify, parse, or validate it. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a basic substitution cipher with hardcoded tables for replacing 'M' with 'x' and vice versa. It takes a token string, applies the substitution to 'encrypt' it, then reverses the process with 'decrypt' to verify correctness. The token appears to be a JWT, but the code does not parse or validate it, only transforms it through substitution. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors. The cipher used is insecure and trivial, but this alone does not indicate malicious intent; it might be for obfuscation or demonstration. No suspicious network activity or access to environment variables is present. Overall, the code is benign and does not contain malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple substitution cipher implementation applied to a token string, with no malicious intent or security risks detected. It does not perform any harmful operations, and its security weakness is due to the trivial cipher used, not malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}