{
  "purpose": "A simple class implementing a trivial substitution cipher for token obfuscation and de-obfuscation.",
  "sources": "The hardcoded token string assigned to ENCTOKEN; the encrypt and decrypt methods reading the token input.",
  "sinks": "The print statements outputting the transformed token and its decrypted form; no external data sinks or transmissions are present.",
  "flows": "ENCTOKEN is read as input; encrypt method transforms it via character substitution; the transformed token is printed; decrypt method reverses the transformation; the original token is reconstructed and printed.",
  "anomalies": "Use of a trivial substitution cipher ('M' <-> 'x') which provides no real security; hardcoded token that resembles a JWT; no validation or secure handling of the token; no network or file access; the token is printed in logs, which could be sensitive.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class with simple character replacement tables for encrypting and decrypting a token string. The token appears to be a JWT-like string but is only transformed via a basic substitution cipher, which is insecure for cryptographic purposes. The token is hardcoded and printed, potentially exposing sensitive data if logs are insecure. There is no network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious code present. The substitution cipher is trivial and easily reversible, serving only as obfuscation. The malware score is 0, as no malicious actions are performed. The security risk score is low (~0.2), reflecting the weak obfuscation but no active threat. The code is straightforward, not obfuscated intentionally, and does not contain malicious intent. The overall assessment indicates benign behavior with minimal security concern due to weak token obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign implementation of a trivial substitution cipher applied to a JWT-like token. It does not perform any malicious activity, network communication, or data exfiltration. The token's presence and handling could pose security concerns if logs are insecure, but the code itself is harmless. The assigned malware score of 0 and low security risk score of 0.2 are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}