{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a simple token encryption/decryption utility that transforms specific characters in a token string using predefined tables.",
  "sources": "The input token string 'ENCTOKEN', which is a long string that resembles a JWT or similar token, read from a variable.",
  "sinks": "The token is processed and output via print statements, but no data is written to external files, databases, or network connections.",
  "flows": "The token is encrypted using a character replacement table, then decrypted back to original using the inverse table; data flows from input variable through transformation functions back to output.",
  "anomalies": "The encryption/decryption is a trivial character substitution cipher, which is insecure. The token appears to be a JWT-like string, but no validation or secret key is used. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present beyond the token itself. No obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious network activity is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a simple class with static tables for character replacement, performing straightforward encryption and decryption. The token used resembles a JWT, but the operations are basic substitutions. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious actions are evident. The token processing is insecure in terms of cryptography but does not constitute malicious intent. No external data sources or sinks are used. The code lacks any network or system interaction that could be harmful. The purpose appears to be obscuring the token minimally, which does not necessarily imply malicious intent, though it is insecure.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not demonstrate malicious behavior or malware. It performs trivial token obfuscation with no harmful actions. The only security concern is the weak 'encryption' method, but this does not indicate malicious activity. Overall, the code appears benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}