{
  "purpose": "The code fetches and parses flight data from Google Flights, either via direct HTTP requests or through local testing methods, and processes the response to extract flight information.",
  "sources": "Reads URL parameters, response text, and HTML/JavaScript script content. Uses external libraries and environment variables for HTTP requests.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable if untrusted data is injected into command execution or network requests, but primarily processes data internally. No obvious data leaks or insecure data handling are detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources such as URL parameters and response content, through parsing functions, into data structures like Itinerary and Flight objects. No external command execution or unsafe data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "Usage of 'verify=False' in the HTTP client could suppress SSL verification, increasing security risk. The fetch function prints URLs, which could expose sensitive data in logs. Hardcoded cookies and impersonation settings in the Client suggest possible misuse, but they are standard for testing or authorized scraping. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard parsing libraries and external requests to fetch flight data. The fetch function constructs requests with impersonation and cookies, which could be misused if in an untrusted environment. Parsing functions extract data from HTML and JavaScript, but no malicious code or obfuscation is detected. No hardcoded credentials beyond cookies are present, and environment variables or secrets are not directly handled insecurely. The code does not perform any system modifications, data exfiltration, or network actions beyond data fetching and parsing. The SSL verification disabled may pose security concerns but is likely intended for testing. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate in its context, with moderate security considerations due to its network request configuration.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a data-fetching and parsing utility for Google Flights. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware indicators. The main security concern is the use of 'verify=False' and exposure of URLs via print statements, which could be exploited in malicious contexts. Overall, it poses a low security risk with no signs of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}