{
  "purpose": "This module implements various OAuth 1.4 signature methods, including HMAC and RSA-based signing, for request authentication and verification according to RFC 5849.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from request parameters, URI, headers, and the provided credentials (client secrets, RSA keys).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include signing functions that produce signatures used in OAuth flows, but no data is directly leaked or written externally; no system commands or network transmissions are present.",
  "flows": "The flow involves collecting parameters and constructing signature base strings from request data, then signing or verifying signatures using cryptographic functions. No untrusted external data directly influences critical security points beyond standard OAuth handling.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. All cryptographic functions appear standard and well-structured. No obfuscated code, network communication, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides standard implementations of OAuth signature methods, including HMAC and RSA signing, verification, and parameter normalization. It utilizes existing libraries for cryptography, adheres to RFC specifications, and does not contain any hardcoded secrets or backdoors. The functions are internal, well-documented, and serve typical OAuth purposes. No malicious or sabotage patterns are apparent; the code's operations are consistent with intended cryptographic signing and verification processes. The only potential concern is the usage of cryptographic libraries, but they are standard and benign. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, security-conscious implementation of OAuth signature algorithms.",
  "conclusion": "This module is a standard, well-structured implementation of OAuth signature methods with no detected malicious intent or security risks. It performs cryptographic signing and verification as expected, with no suspicious behaviors or backdoors. The code is safe and aligned with typical OAuth protocol practices.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}