{
  "purpose": "This module provides internal functions for constructing OAuth 1.0 signature base strings, calculating signatures, and verifying signatures for various algorithms (HMAC, RSA, plaintext) as specified in RFC 5849. It is meant for internal use within OAuthLib to handle OAuth signing and verification processes.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include request parameters via collect_parameters, request URI via base_string_uri, request headers, request body, and client credentials (secrets, RSA keys).",
  "sinks": "Signature calculations and verifications occur in functions like _sign_hmac, _sign_rsa, and their wrapper functions, which process data from sources and produce signatures. Verification functions compare incoming signatures to computed ones, potentially exposing signature data. No external sinks (e.g., network transmission) are directly present in this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs (request parameters, URI, headers, body, credentials) through normalization and encoding functions, into signature base string creation, then into signing functions (_sign_hmac, _sign_rsa). Signatures are then verified by comparing computed signatures with request signatures. There are no external data transmissions or unusual data flows outside normal cryptographic operations.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code uses standard libraries and well-documented cryptographic practices. Usage of warnings for deprecated functions is present but appropriate. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is detected. The RSA cache management and key preparation appear standard.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly implements OAuth 1.0 signature construction, signing, and verification as per RFC 5849, employing standard cryptographic libraries and practices. Functions are internal, focusing on precise string manipulation, parameter normalization, and cryptographic signature creation/validation. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data leakage are identified. The code avoids unsafe operations, hardcoded secrets, or network leaks. The only noteworthy aspect is the cache for RSA algorithms, which is a common optimization. The deprecated functions emit warnings but do not pose a security risk. Overall, the implementation appears secure and well-structured.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, internally-focused implementation of OAuth 1.0 signature procedures. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected. The functions rely on well-known cryptographic libraries and follow RFC specifications accurately. The overall security risk is negligible, with high confidence in the safety of this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}