{
  "purpose": "This module provides internal functions for signing and verifying OAuth 1.0 signatures, including HMAC and RSA methods, as well as utility functions for constructing signature base strings and normalizing parameters.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as 'request' objects, URI strings, headers, bodies, and client credential objects. The request object provides 'uri', 'http_method', 'params', and 'signature'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include cryptographic signing functions, base64 encoding, and the use of sensitive secrets like client_secret, resource_owner_secret, rsa_private_key, and rsa_public_key. Data is processed through these to produce signatures, but no direct data leaks or network transmissions are observed in this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs (request parameters, URI, headers, credentials) into normalization and encoding functions, then into cryptographic functions (HMAC or RSA signing), producing signatures. These signatures are then used for verification. No external network calls or data exfiltration functions are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code anomalies, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are detected. The code uses standard cryptographic libraries, does not include obfuscated code, and adheres to expected signature construction patterns. Some deprecated functions issue warnings but do not pose security risks.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard OAuth 1.0 signature operations, including signature base string creation, parameter normalization, HMAC and RSA signing/verification. It properly handles URI parsing, parameter encoding, and cryptographic procedures. No unusual or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, hidden network activity, or sabotage mechanisms are present. The use of cache for RSA algorithms and cryptographic best practices suggests no malicious intent. The code does contain warnings for deprecated functions, but these are clearly documented and do not perform harmful actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of OAuth 1.0 signature generation and verification, with no signs of malicious activity or sabotage. It operates purely within cryptographic routines and parameter handling, with no network activity or backdoors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}