{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Python library for MFA (Multi-Factor Authentication) including OTP generation and OAuth2 authorization flow management.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include secrets fetched from the Robocorp Vault (via `Vault().get_secret()`), OTP passcodes provided as parameters, and OAuth2 URLs and credentials provided during method calls.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are OTP generation functions (`TOTP.now()`, `HOTP.at()`), OAuth2 session management (`OAuth2Session` methods such as `authorization_url`, `fetch_token`, `refresh_token`), and secret data stored in or retrieved from external services.",
  "flows": "Data flows from Vault secrets or method parameters (OTP secrets, OAuth URLs, credentials) into OTP objects and OAuth2 session methods. OTP codes are generated locally, OAuth URLs are created for user authorization, tokens are fetched and refreshed via network calls. No untrusted data is directly written or transmitted in this code, but secrets are fetched and OAuth tokens are exchanged over network.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are present. The code uses external libraries properly, with no indication of obfuscation. The exception handling and method implementations are standard. No unusual or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or unauthorized system access detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard MFA and OAuth2 workflows, with secrets securely fetched from Vault and OAuth tokens managed via standard library calls. It appropriately raises errors if OAuth sessions are misused. The flow involves network communication for OAuth URL generation and token exchange but these are expected behaviors for OAuth flows. No signs of malicious activity or malicious intent are evident. The code's structure and function calls align with legitimate MFA/OAuth purposes. No hardcoded secrets, no data leaks or malicious commands identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of MFA with OTP and OAuth2 support, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It correctly handles secrets, generates OTPs, and manages OAuth tokens via standard, secure library functions. No malicious intent or security risks are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}