{
  "purpose": "The code appears to process genetic sequence data, performing operations like extracting specific subsequences, filtering based on sequence patterns, and transforming data through imported functions, likely for biological data analysis.",
  "sources": "Sequence strings from 'transcript_seq', 'exon_start_positions', 'exon_end_positions', and input parameters such as 'positions', 'target_seq', and other positional arguments.",
  "sinks": "Calls to imported functions 'bKxxNsivaFcfBrjljFQWnOlxNmFUYITN', 'cPYFArwvBuZWhKjfBYUxFJpXnzvINgQe', and 'EoSlDBGhDLlpAllurRKTyoVUiRWejpnm' which may process or transform data; sequence filtering logic; potential data output in returned lists.",
  "flows": "Sequence data is read from input strings and positional lists; sequences are sliced and filtered based on pattern checks; data is passed through imported functions for transformation; resulting sequences are collected and returned.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious pattern detection evident. Usage of obfuscated function names might indicate attempts to hide functionality, but given context, these are likely biological data processing functions. No evidence of data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious backdoors. The sequence filtering logic appears standard for bioinformatics.",
  "analysis": "The script processes transcript and exon position data, extracting subsequences based on sequence patterns such as 'CC' and specific target motifs. It uses imported functions to perform sequence complementing or encoding, then filters sequences based on complex positional conditions. The flow appears to be a standard bioinformatics pipeline for sequence analysis. No suspicious network or file operations, credential handling, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code does use obfuscated or generic function names, but this alone is not suspicious in a bioinformatics context. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate data processing code with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate bioinformatics data processing script, analyzing genetic sequences for specific motifs and positions. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. The use of obfuscated function names is common in scientific code to hide implementation details but does not imply malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}