{
  "purpose": "Establish and maintain a WebSocket connection to a trading economics data stream, subscribing to specific events, with automatic reconnects.",
  "sources": "Reading global variables (glob.apikey, glob._event), input from on_message_client callback, environment variables for SSL and websocket URL.",
  "sinks": "Sending subscription messages via WebSocket, starting threads for message handling and reconnect logic, possibly executing user-provided callback functions.",
  "flows": "On connection open, subscribes to events; on message receipt, invokes callback; on close, potentially restarts connection and invokes user callback; threads manage asynchronous operations.",
  "anomalies": "Uses threading for message handling and reconnection; reconnects indefinitely without limit; no input validation for callback functions or threading parameters; disables SSL certificate verification which could be insecure; global variables used for callback management, which could be manipulated.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a WebSocket connection to a trading data stream with an automatic reconnection mechanism. It subscribes to events specified in the global '_event' list and calls user-defined callbacks on message receipt and connection closure. It employs threading to handle messages and reconnection, which is standard but may introduce complexity. The SSL certificate verification is disabled (sslopt={'cert_reqs': ssl.CERT_NONE}), which is insecure and can expose to man-in-the-middle attacks. The code relies on global variables for callback management, which may be vulnerable if manipulated. The code does not handle exceptions or validate callback functions, nor does it process the input data for malicious content. No suspicious or malicious behavior, backdoors, or data leaks are detected. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found, aside from the API key in 'glob.apikey', which is expected. Overall, the code appears to be a standard WebSocket client with reconnection logic, not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical WebSocket client designed for streaming trading data, with some insecure practices such as disabling SSL verification. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or supply chain risks but should be reviewed for SSL security improvements. No malware or malicious code is present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}