{
  "purpose": "This code generates Python code for a PlanAI-based graph execution environment, including class and instance creation, dependency setup, and error handling.",
  "sources": "User inputs via graph data (nodes and edges), external modules (os, re, json, sys, traceback), and embedded code snippets.",
  "sinks": "Code execution via black formatting, dynamic class and function creation, eval-like behaviors in string formatting, and printing error info.",
  "flows": "Data flows from graph data to class/function generation, then to code formatting and execution. User-controlled graph data influences code output.",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic code generation, especially in create_task_class and create_worker_class functions. The code employs string formatting for code templates, which could be manipulated. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious external calls detected. The function wrap_instantiation_in_try_except handles exceptions explicitly and outputs JSON error reports. The use of black for formatting is standard, but the code outputs error info in JSON if formatting fails, which is common in code generation tools.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs static code generation based on provided graph data, converting node definitions into Python classes, worker instantiations, dependency setting, and initial task setup. It includes functions to handle different node types, generate class code, manage dependencies, and wrap code in try-except blocks for error reporting. The code uses external libraries like black for formatting and employs string templates for code snippets, which are standard practices in code generators. No evidence of malicious code like network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors is found. The functions are designed for code generation and error handling; the only potential concern is the dynamic generation of code via string operations, but this is typical for such tools and does not, in itself, indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical code generation script for a graph-based execution environment with standard safety measures. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks. Its primary function is to generate, format, and output Python code based on graph input data. While dynamic code generation can be risky if misused, in this context, it appears to be controlled and intended for legitimate code assembly. Therefore, the overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}