{
  "purpose": "This code defines a FastAPI router class for generating HTML pages with embedded resources and dynamic content, likely for web application frontend rendering.",
  "sources": "Reads include request and response objects, function parameters, cookies, and imported modules such as inspect, functools, and data classes.",
  "sinks": "Uses HTMLResponse, Response, and in-memory HTML element creation to output web content; potentially dangerous if untrusted data is injected into HTML or resource URLs.",
  "flows": "Input sources like cookies and request data flow into HTML element attributes and page metadata. Function parameters influence HTML head and body content. Cookies can modify theme data. Data flows into HTML responses and embedded resource links.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or sensitive secrets detected. The code uses obfuscated module and class names, but this appears to be an intentional obfuscation rather than malicious. No evidence of data exfiltration, system commands, or network connections. Exception for unsupported resource types (non-JS/CSS) with generic error.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs HTML pages dynamically, embedding stylesheets, scripts, and page metadata based on request cookies and function parameters. It includes two main route decorators for GET and POST methods, wrapping handler functions to inject headers, CSS, and JS resources. It also defines functions to manage response headers and content. The obfuscated identifiers and dynamic resource inclusion could be suspicious, but no direct malicious behavior such as data theft, network exfiltration, or backdoors is present. The code relies on safe HTML element creation and response handling. Overall, the structure is typical for a web frontend generator, with no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard web page renderer with dynamic resource and metadata injection. While obfuscation exists in variable and class names, no malicious behavior or security risks are evident. It does not perform any harmful actions like data exfiltration or system compromise. The code is safe under normal use but should be reviewed for potential misuse if resource URLs or embedded content are externally influenced.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}