{
  "purpose": "The code defines a FastAPI-based web interface with dynamic HTML generation, including injecting scripts, styles, and handling requests. It appears intended for rendering web pages with customizable themes and assets.",
  "sources": "Request cookies (for theme), function parameters, and imported modules. Notably, it reads request data and uses function signatures to dynamically modify behavior.",
  "sinks": "HTMLResponse output, insertion of script and link tags into the HTML structure, and potential modification of headers. These could be exploited for XSS if untrusted data is included in content or attributes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from request cookies and function parameters into HTML content or headers. Dynamic code execution occurs via function wrapping and response creation, with data potentially flowing from untrusted sources into the generated HTML and headers.",
  "anomalies": "Use of highly obfuscated import names, unusual class and variable naming schemes, and dynamic modification of HTML structure without explicit validation. The code reads cookies for theme settings, which could be manipulated, but this is typical in web apps.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs HTML pages dynamically, incorporating external assets and user theme preferences from cookies. It uses decorator functions to wrap route handlers, injecting scripts, styles, and meta tags. The HTML content appears standard, with no indications of code injection or backdoors. The obfuscated variable names and complex nested functions suggest attempts to conceal intent, but no direct malicious actions, such as network communication of sensitive data, reverse shells, or data exfiltration, are evident. The inclusion of dynamic content based on cookies and request parameters could pose XSS risks if any untrusted input is directly embedded into HTML or headers without sanitization. However, the code seems to handle escaping and template insertion properly, focusing on rendering UI elements. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious network activity is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily generates HTML responses for a web application, with obfuscated identifiers and dynamic asset inclusion. It does not exhibit malicious behavior such as data theft, unauthorized network communication, or backdoors. The obfuscation may be an attempt to hide complexity, but no malicious intent is evident. The security risk appears low, assuming standard security practices are followed for input sanitization.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}