{
  "purpose": "The code defines a FastAPI router with methods to generate HTML pages and handle HTTP GET/POST requests, including dynamic content rendering and resource inclusion.",
  "sources": "Input sources include HTTP request objects (vlmHJyUCxubGtkGFFNfyFLPrXNwHxNLL), environment variables (cookies), and function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are HTTP responses (HTMLResponse), network resource links (CSS/JS files), and template rendering functions that generate HTML content.",
  "flows": "Data flows from request input (cookies, request objects) through dynamic content generation and resource inclusion to final HTML responses; user-supplied data (like cookie theme) influences HTML attributes.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets. The code dynamically injects scripts and styles based on function parameters and cookies, which is typical for web app resource management. Exception handling for unsupported resource types is present but not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides mechanisms for generating HTML pages, including resource links and dynamic attributes. It utilizes reflection to modify function signatures and ensure correct request parameters. No obfuscated code patterns, malicious network activity, or backdoors are evident. The resource inclusion logic is standard for web frameworks and does not indicate malicious intent. It dynamically loads CSS/JS files based on parameters and cookies, which is typical for customizable web pages. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets or malicious data flows. The only minor concern could be resource inclusion based on parameters, but this is a common pattern and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard web page generator for a FastAPI application with dynamic resource management. No evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration is present. The code appears legitimate and intended for rendering web pages with dynamic content and resources.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}