{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for mapping layer names to quantization data types and for performing quantization and dequantization of weights, primarily used in model optimization workflows.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'names', 'data', and 'metadata'. No external or untrusted sources are explicitly read, such as files, network, or environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed within numpy arrays and returned; no external sinks or data exfiltration points are evident. There are no network calls, file writes, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., 'names', weight arrays, metadata) flow through quantization/dequantization functions. Mappings from layer names to dtypes influence how weights are processed, but no untrusted input influences system state or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for quantization purposes; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic are present. No obfuscated or unusual language features are used. The use of numpy and straightforward logic is typical. No hidden code or dynamic execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The script defines constants for quantization types and mapping dictionaries. Functions map layer names to quantization data types based on patterns, supporting wildcards and fallthrough logic. The quantize_weights and dequantize_weights functions perform linear affine quantization and dequantization, with proper handling of edge cases like identical min/max values. The code is clean, well-structured, and performs common quantization tasks without any indication of malicious intent. No data leaks, secret extraction, or external communications are evident. The logic aligns with typical model optimization processes, with no suspicious or malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility for model quantization with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It performs typical operations in neural network weight quantization workflows without any security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}