{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for mapping layer names to quantization data types and for quantizing/dequantizing weights in neural networks, primarily for model optimization.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from numpy arrays (`data` parameter in `quantize_weights` and `dequantize_weights`), and from input parameters like `names`, `quantization_dtype_map`, and `metadata`.",
  "sinks": "The code performs data transformations on numpy arrays for quantization purposes. It does not perform any network communication, file I/O, or system modifications. No sinks that could lead to data leakage or malicious effects are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from numpy arrays into quantization/dequantization functions, which process and return transformed numpy arrays along with metadata. Name patterns influence data type mapping, but no untrusted input is used in sensitive operations that lead to system effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code includes standard numerical operations and pattern matching for name-based mapping. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions for quantization processes in neural network optimization, including mapping node names to quantization types, quantizing weights, and dequantizing weights. It uses standard numpy operations, pattern matching, and simple data transformations. There are no network connections, system modifications, or other typical malware behaviors. The pattern matching is used solely for configuration purposes. The code raises appropriate errors for invalid inputs and handles special cases like constant data values. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate, well-structured utility for model quantization, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard utility for neural network quantization, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs expected numerical transformations and pattern matching without any suspicious or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}