{
  "purpose": "The code provides wrappers for language model (PLM) embeddings from ESM and ProstT5 models for protein sequences, primarily for use in bioinformatics tasks.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters `aa_ids` (amino acid sequence IDs), environment via imported modules, and model initialization data.",
  "sinks": "The code processes and returns tensor embeddings; no evident sinks for untrusted data or network activity. No data leaks or external data transmissions are present.",
  "flows": "Input amino acid IDs are converted into sequence data, processed through models, and output embeddings. There are no external data flows beyond model loading and input processing.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors. The `remove_plms` decorator temporarily deletes and restores an attribute `plms` but this is a standard pattern for temporary attribute removal.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard libraries and third-party modules, defines utility functions, and contains classes for model wrappers. The model classes load pre-trained models, process sequence data, and produce embeddings, following typical deep learning workflows. The `remove_plms` decorator manages the `plms` attribute temporarily. No network activity, code injection, or malicious behavior is evident. There are no suspicious data leaks or backdoors. The code structure appears straightforward and intended for model inference. All data handling follows expected patterns for deep learning models, with no hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code. The use of tokenization, batch processing, and tensor operations aligns with standard practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of protein sequence embedding wrappers using pre-trained language models. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks within this code segment. It appears safe and purpose-driven for bioinformatics applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}