{
  "purpose": "The code provides wrappers for two pretrained protein language models (PLMs), ESM and ProstT5, to generate embeddings for protein sequences.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the aa_ids parameter in forward methods, which are tensors of amino acid indices. External model files are loaded via from_pretrained methods from transformers and esm modules.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain explicit data sinks that send untrusted data over networks, nor does it write data to external locations or files. No evidence of malicious data exfiltration or harmful actions.",
  "flows": "Input tensors (aa_ids) are transformed into sequence data, encoded into model-specific input IDs, and processed through models to produce embeddings. No external network or system modification occurs during this flow.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes standard, well-known library usage for loading pretrained models. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious obfuscated code, or backdoors are evident. Mask tokens are hardcoded as '-' and 'X', which are standard for such applications. The decorator remove_plms manages attributes safely. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscated patterns, or hidden backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard libraries and relies on external pretrained models. It uses a decorator to temporarily remove 'plms' attribute if present, which is benign. The ESMWrapper and ProstT5Wrapper classes load models via publicly available APIs and perform standard tensor operations for sequence embedding extraction. There are no indications of malicious behaviors like data exfiltration, network connections, or system harm. The models are loaded from trusted sources, and no suspicious code paths are evident. The code appears well-structured, with appropriate encapsulation, and no suspicious anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of wrappers for existing pretrained models, with no detectable malicious intent or security risks. It simply loads models and processes inputs to generate embeddings. No malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling mechanisms are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}