{
  "purpose": "Define a data model class for Trino database columns, including type parsing and properties.",
  "sources": "Imports modules (re, dataclasses, typing, custom modules), class attributes, class methods, property methods, regular expressions, and constants.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable code if input data (raw_data_type) is maliciously crafted, especially during regex matching and string formatting.",
  "flows": "raw_data_type input -> regex match -> data type extraction -> class instantiation with parsed values.",
  "anomalies": "Use of regex for parsing data types could be exploited with maliciously crafted input to cause regex DoS; no explicit validation of input data, but no other suspicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a class definition for handling Trino database column types, including parsing data types from description strings. It uses regex to interpret data type strings, with error handling via exceptions. The class methods focus on type identification and parsing. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The regex parsing is standard but could be exploited with malicious input to cause performance issues (regex DoS), though this is not a typical malicious attack vector. The code appears to be standard data processing without malicious intent. Third-party libraries are used normally. No evidence of malware or data exfiltration is found. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscated code or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data model for database schema parsing with no malicious behavior detected. It parses input strings to derive column types, with proper error handling. No suspicious or malicious activity is present. The main risk is potential regex-based denial-of-service if given crafted input, but this is a benign implementation detail rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}