{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Python API wrapper for encoding pseudo-Boolean constraints into CNF formulas using the pypblib library. It supports multiple encoding types and manages dependencies and input validation to facilitate constraint encoding for SAT solvers.",
  "sources": "The code reads input literals and weights, as well as configuration parameters such as encoding type and bounds, primarily through method arguments. It does not read external user input or perform network operations.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs CNF clauses stored within CNFPlus objects, which are used downstream in SAT solving processes. No data leaks, external communication, or system modifications are performed.",
  "flows": "Input literals and weights flow into encoding functions, which invoke pypblib to generate clauses. These clauses are stored in CNFPlus objects, with variable IDs managed internally. No external data or commands are executed.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious or unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or malicious behaviors. The code is a straightforward API wrapper with proper dependency checks and exception handling.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, documented wrapper around pypblib for encoding pseudo-Boolean constraints. It validates inputs, manages encoding types, and interfaces with the external library securely. No signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or data exfiltration are present. Dependency handling is standard, and the logic aligns with typical encoding workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, transparent API wrapper for encoding pseudo-Boolean constraints into CNF formulas. It contains no malicious, obfuscated, or suspicious elements. The dependency on pypblib is a common practice and does not introduce security risks in itself. The overall security risk is minimal, and the code is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}