{
  "purpose": "This code provides an API for encoding pseudo-Boolean constraints into CNF formulas using various encoding methods, primarily to be used with SAT solvers.",
  "sources": "Reads external package 'pypblib' to perform encoding; no other input sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "No data sinks or data exfiltration mechanisms are present; no external network communication, file writing, or data leaks are detected.",
  "flows": "Code flows from function calls to 'pypblib' encoding functions, which generate CNF clauses; no untrusted data flows to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious variable manipulations observed. The code includes standard exception handling, conditional checks, and class structures typical for a library.",
  "analysis": "The script defines classes and methods for encoding pseudo-Boolean constraints into CNF using the 'pypblib' package if available. It performs standard library imports, checks for the presence of 'pypblib', and handles missing dependency gracefully. The classes 'EncType' and 'PBEnc' encapsulate encoding configurations and processes, respectively. The code manages input literals, weights, and encoding choices without evident obfuscation, hidden code, or malicious logic. No network operations, file I/O, or privilege escalation code are present. Exception handling is appropriate for missing dependencies or invalid parameters. The code appears to be a legitimate utility for SAT encoding tasks without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a well-structured, dependency-based library for encoding pseudo-Boolean constraints into CNF. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activities. The code is intended for SAT problem encoding and appears safe. The only external dependency 'pypblib' is checked for and used appropriately. No signs of malware, data leaks, or sabotage mechanisms are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}