{
  "purpose": "The code provides testing utilities for a Sanic web application, enabling HTTP and WebSocket request simulation for testing purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (e.g., URL, request method), environment variables, and module imports.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or malicious actions could occur in response handling, exception logging, or network communication, especially via httpx or socket operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs (parameters, environment variables) to request handling, network communication, and response processing, with some flow through exception handling and logging.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution. The socket binding logic for IPv6 detection is standard, but dynamically binding sockets without validation could be misused if combined with external inputs (not evident here). No obfuscated code features are detected. The websocket headers are set with static values, which is typical for testing.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes and functions for testing Sanic applications, including request/response handling, WebSocket simulation, and test client creation. It utilizes standard testing approaches with no suspicious external calls, no obfuscated or malicious code patterns. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are evident. Network communication is limited to internal test scenarios or mock servers. Exception handling and logging are implemented for debugging, not for malicious purposes. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate testing utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a comprehensive test harness for Sanic applications, focused on request simulation and WebSocket testing. It does not exhibit any signs of malware, malicious behavior, or supply chain attacks. The code maintains standard testing practices and lacks suspicious elements or malicious payloads.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}