{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for enhanced visualization in Matplotlib, including custom colormaps and normalization classes.",
  "sources": "Import statements for numpy and matplotlib modules, especially in the try block, and the function parameters which accept external data like Wigner function arrays.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct data sinks that send untrusted data externally. No network, file, or environment variable operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (W array) flows through colormap functions to produce color maps. The MidpointNorm class normalizes input data for plotting. No external data flow or untrusted data processing is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The except block for importing matplotlib does not handle the error beyond defining a dummy Normalize class, which is typical fallback behavior. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are present. The code appears to be straightforward visualization utility functions without obfuscated or hidden behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines functions for visualization purposes: creating a custom colormap ('wigner_cmap'), a cyclic phase colormap ('complex_phase_cmap'), and a normalization class ('MidpointNorm'). The imports are standard, with a fallback for missing matplotlib modules that merely define a dummy class. No external inputs are read from untrusted sources during execution; parameters are provided explicitly. No network or file operations, code injection, or data leaks are detected. The logic appears to be standard visualization code, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign utility code for visualizations, with no malicious behavior detected. It does not process or transmit untrusted data beyond standard plotting functions. The fallback import handling is minimal but harmless. Overall, the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}