{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions to enhance Matplotlib visualizations, including custom colormaps and normalization classes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters such as the Wigner function array (W) in wigner_cmap, and from matplotlib color conversion functions. It also reads local variables and class attributes.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any network operations, file writes, or execution of untrusted data. It primarily creates colormap objects and normalizers for visualization purposes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays and parameters (e.g., W in wigner_cmap) through interpolation and color conversion functions, resulting in colormap objects; no untrusted data flows into sensitive system functions.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code employs standard plotting utility functions. The try-except fallback for Normalize appears to be a placeholder that avoids errors if matplotlib is absent, which is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions and classes for Matplotlib visualization enhancements. The wigner_cmap function creates a custom colormap based on input data, with color interpolation and color mapping logic that appears standard. The complex_phase_cmap function creates a cyclic colormap for phase representation, which is a typical visualization technique. The MidpointNorm class provides a normalization centered around a midpoint, a common approach in data visualization. There is no evidence of data leakage, network activity, or malicious code. The fallback Normalize class does nothing but prevent errors if matplotlib isn't installed, which is a safe fallback. Overall, the code performs visualization utility tasks without executing or exposing system vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard utility module for creating custom colormaps and normalizers for Matplotlib. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malicious payloads, or security risks. It is safe from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}