{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions to enhance Matplotlib visualization, including custom colormaps and normalization classes for scientific plotting.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the Wigner function array 'W' for colormap generation, and internally uses color specification inputs (e.g., max_color, mid_color, etc.) for colormap creation.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks for untrusted data or external output; no network or file I/O operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays (W) and color parameters into colormap generation functions, culminating in returning matplotlib colormap objects.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes an empty class 'Normalize' in case of import failure, which could lead to fallback behavior that does nothing, but this alone isn't malicious. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is present. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The only potential concern is the broad exception handling that suppresses import errors without logging, but this is a common fallback pattern and not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for creating custom colormaps and a normalization class for colormap centering. It imports numpy and matplotlib modules and gracefully handles import failures by defining a dummy Normalize class. The colormap functions use color parameters specified as strings, converting them to RGBA without external input. No data is transmitted externally or written to disk. The code performs typical visualization setup tasks and does not contain any hidden or suspicious logic. The fallback for missing matplotlib is benign, just preventing crashes. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detectable.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for visualization, with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It performs legitimate tasks related to plotting aesthetics and data normalization. The fallback class is simple and non-malicious. Overall, the code appears safe and intended solely for visualization enhancement.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}