{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for comparing and asserting equality of Snowflake Snowpark DataFrames and their schemas, primarily for testing and validation purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from DataFrame objects via methods like .collect(), and accesses schema attributes such as .schema and .fields.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks where untrusted data is written, transmitted, or stored. The code does not perform any I/O operations, network communication, or file writing.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DataFrame objects through methods like .collect() for reading data, then compares the data and schemas internally, with no external data transmission or processing.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or backdoors are present. The code relies on standard Python libraries and Snowflake Snowpark APIs. There are no dynamic code executions, external commands, or insecure practices.",
  "analysis": "The code performs data and schema comparisons for DataFrames, involving sorting, attribute checks, and approximate numerical comparisons. The functions are well-structured for testing purposes. No external input or output operations are present that could be exploited. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials, network calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms. It strictly compares data and schemas internally, which is typical for testing utilities. There are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain sabotage, or malware. The code's logic is standard and transparent, with no obfuscation or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, safe utility for testing DataFrame equality and schema matching in Snowflake Snowpark environments. It does not exhibit any malicious or suspicious behavior, nor does it contain security risks beyond typical assertion failures. Overall, it is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}