{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for asserting equality between Snowpark DataFrames, including schema and data comparisons, primarily for testing and validation purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from Snowpark DataFrame objects via method calls like actual.collect() and expected.collect(), and accesses schema attributes like actual.schema and expected.schema.",
  "sinks": "There are no apparent sinks that process or output untrusted data, nor any data exfiltration mechanisms or external network communications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DataFrame objects via collect() into local Python objects (lists of Rows), then is compared after sorting. Schema comparison involves direct attribute access without external data transfer.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior, hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or backdoors are detected. The code appears standard, with conventional utility functions for testing DataFrame equality.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for comparing schemas and data of Snowpark DataFrames, including sorting rows and checking schema consistency. It uses standard Python libraries and Snowpark APIs without external data transfer or malicious logic. No hardcoded credentials, external network calls, or hidden functionalities are present. The code's operations are typical for test utilities, with no suspicious patterns. It does not process untrusted input in a way that could lead to code injection or data leaks. All data access is local and within expected parameters.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward utility module for DataFrame comparison in testing scenarios. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The functions operate within a controlled environment, with no external communication or data exfiltration. The code appears safe and purposeful for its intended testing utility.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}