{
  "purpose": "Provides various utility functions, classes, decorators, and helpers for general use within the Orange data analysis framework, including warning management, resource handling, deprecation notices, and mathematical operations.",
  "sources": "Reads data from environment variables (e.g., 'ORANGE_DEPRECATIONS_ERROR'), file resources via importlib.resources, and internal function calls (e.g., warnings, inspect, importlib).",
  "sinks": "Uses warnings to issue deprecation and warning messages, possibly logging them; performs resource file access; dynamically loads entry points; calls external functions such as numpy and math for calculations; uses eval-like functions like literal_eval.",
  "flows": "Environment variable check influences warning filters; deprecated decorator triggers warnings; resource_filename accesses package data; get_entry_point dynamically loads code; various utility functions process data and trigger warnings or logs; wrap_callback adjusts progress reports.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hardcoded credentials, malicious network connections, or backdoors. No suspicious obfuscated code or hidden functionalities. Use of warnings and dynamic imports is standard for utility modules. The code is clean, structured, and does not perform any unusual or suspicious operations. No hidden or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions and classes for general programming tasks such as warning management, resource handling, deprecation warnings, and data operations. It uses standard Python modules and common patterns. The warning log replacement and resource access are typical. The dynamic loading of entry points and deprecation decorator are standard practices. No network or data exfiltration, system manipulation, or malicious payloads are present. The code appears purely for utility purposes with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for the Orange framework, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It manages warnings, resources, and data operations in a typical, non-malicious manner. No suspicious signals or anomalies are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}