{
  "purpose": "The code provides a collection of utility functions, classes, and decorators for general use within the Orange data mining library, including logging, resource management, deprecation handling, and various helper functions.",
  "sources": "Data is read from environment variables (e.g., 'ORANGE_DEPRECATIONS_ERROR'), importlib resources, function arguments, and internal variables. No untrusted input handling is explicitly present.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include warning logging, resource loading, dynamic function wrapping, and environment variable access. No evidence of untrusted data being executed or leaked to external systems.",
  "flows": "Environment variable checks influence warnings filter settings. Resource filenames and entry points are loaded from packaged resources. Decorators and functions process data internally without external side effects. No source-to-sink malicious data flow identified.",
  "anomalies": "The code extensively modifies the Python warnings system by patching `warnings._showwarnmsg_impl`, which could affect warning handling behavior. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are observed. Usage of `WeakKeyDictionary` and dynamic class creation appears standard. No obfuscated code or malicious hiding patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive utility module containing various helper functions, decorators, and classes aimed at improving usability, logging, deprecation management, and data handling. It manipulates internal Python warning mechanisms, but in a controlled and documented manner. No signs of malicious behavior such as system command execution, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The modifications to warning handling could impact the visibility of warnings but are not malicious. The resource and entry point functions operate in a safe manner, relying on standard library functions and package data. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate utility code without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility module providing various helper functions and classes for the Orange library. No malicious behavior or sabotage patterns are present. Its primary concern is internal warning management and utility functions, with no evidence of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}