{
  "purpose": "Implements a multiprocessing worker pool managing task distribution, worker lifecycle, signaling, and result collection with features like timeouts, progress reporting, and worker insights.",
  "sources": "Input from 'iterable_of_args', shared objects, environment signals (os.kill), and internal queues and caches for task and result management.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'os.kill' with 'SIGUSR1' to signal worker processes; exception handling and callback functions for task results; internal caches for task states.",
  "flows": "Sources include task arguments and signals; flows through task queues, signaling mechanisms, worker processes, and result caches; sinks include signaling via 'os.kill' and exception propagation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or covert data exfiltration; signaling with 'os.kill' is standard but could be misused if environment is untrusted; no hidden backdoors or suspicious external communication.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, well-structured multiprocessing worker pool with robust process management, signaling, and error handling. The use of 'os.kill' with 'SIGUSR1' is a common pattern for process signaling. No malicious patterns, obfuscation, or suspicious data flows are present. The signals are used for process control, which is typical in such systems. The exception handling, task queuing, and worker lifecycle management are standard practices. The code does not contain any hardcoded secrets, covert channels, or malicious code. The overall behavior aligns with legitimate multiprocessing frameworks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard implementation of a multiprocessing worker pool with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The signaling mechanism is typical for process control. The low security risk score (0.2) is justified by the use of process signals but does not indicate malicious intent. The malware score is 0, and obfuscation is absent. Overall, the code is safe and well-structured, with minimal security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}