{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate and analyze fractal dimensions over time and under different conditions, as well as produce plots for these analyses.",
  "sources": "Reads file modification times from JSON files in specific directories; loads data from external modules; reads data files for simulation results.",
  "sinks": "Uses file system to save figures; loads data from JSON files; calls external functions for simulation and calculations; reads file modification timestamps.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file system reads (JSON files and modification times) into analysis and plotting functions; data is processed and then visualized; figures are saved to disk.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code performs scientific data analysis and plotting. No unusual or obfuscated language features, dynamic execution, or misleading variables observed. No attempts to connect to external or suspicious domains, nor any network activity. Use of external modules appears legitimate for scientific computation.",
  "analysis": "The code uses open-source libraries and custom modules to load simulation data, compute fractal dimensions, and produce plots. It reads file metadata for timing analysis. The functions are structured to process data and generate visualizations, with no indications of malicious activity or sabotage. The code avoids obfuscated constructs, hardcoded secrets, or dangerous operations. External modules (like 'cr_bayesian_optim') are used for scientific purposes, and no network or data exfiltration is evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate scientific analysis script with no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or sabotage. It operates solely on local data, performs standard analysis and plotting, and saves results to disk. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}