{
  "purpose": "The code implements a filesystem-like interface for Azure Machine Learning resources, parsing various URI formats, validating storage contexts, and performing file operations such as list, open, copy, and validation. It facilitates resource access within AzureML workspaces, datastores, data assets, and registries.",
  "sources": "User-provided URIs, environment variables for cache sizes and threading, external SDK classes (e.g., UriAccessor, Copier, StreamInfo), and internal regex parsing for URI formats.",
  "sinks": "File listing, opening, copying, and validation functions; error handling converting SDK exceptions into user exceptions; no network calls outside SDK functions; no data exfiltration or malicious sinks identified.",
  "flows": "Input URIs are parsed via regex; storage context is validated; file operations invoke external SDK classes; errors are caught and re-raised as user exceptions; environment variables influence cache and threading; no suspicious data flows detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code patterns. URI parsing regex is complex but legitimate. Use of environment variables for configuration is standard. No suspicious dynamic code execution or network activity outside SDK calls.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, well-structured implementation of an AzureML resource filesystem interface. It parses multiple URI formats, validates storage contexts to prevent cross-workspace access, and performs file operations via external SDK classes. Error handling is robust, converting SDK exceptions into user-friendly errors. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or sabotage are present. The regex patterns and URI validation are complex but necessary for supporting various AzureML resource formats. Environment variables are used for configuration but do not contain secrets. The overall design aligns with standard SDK practices for cloud resource access.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-implemented AzureML filesystem abstraction with no evidence of malware, obfuscation, or malicious intent. The low security risk scores (0.1-0.2) are justified, and the malware and obfuscated scores (0) are accurate. The detailed URI parsing and validation are necessary for correct operation and do not introduce security vulnerabilities. The assessments across all reports are consistent and appropriate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}