{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of stack manipulation, arithmetic, comparison, and utility functions for a custom scripting language or environment, implementing basic operations such as duplication, swapping, arithmetic calculations, and prime number computation.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from the 'stack' parameter passed to each function, which is a list of operands. It also imports modules 'math' and types 'List', 'Union', 'Any' from 'typing'. There are no other external data sources.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs data via the 'print' function in 'print_top'. There are no network operations, file operations, or system modifications present in the code. No untrusted external inputs are directly handled within the code, and no sensitive data handling occurs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'stack' into various operations, with specific functions popping operands from the stack, performing computations, and pushing results back. The only output occurs in 'print_top', which consumes the top stack element and prints it.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or secrets. The 'print_top' function directly prints stack data, which could potentially leak sensitive data if misused, but this is standard behavior in a debugging context. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. The 'next_prime' function calculates the next prime number but does not pose security risks. No backdoors or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of straightforward implementations of stack operations, arithmetic functions, comparison functions, and utility functions. Each function operates on the provided 'stack' argument, performing safe and expected manipulations. The only notable function is 'print_top', which outputs data to stdout, but this is typical for debugging or user feedback. No external inputs or outputs other than print are involved. The code does not perform any network communication, file I/O, or system modification that could be malicious. There are no signs of code obfuscation, malicious payloads, or backdoors. Overall, the code appears to be a benign set of utility functions for a custom scripting language, with no malicious behavior or security risks detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of safe, standard stack and arithmetic operations intended for a scripting or interpreter environment. There are no indicators of malicious intent, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. It operates solely on an in-memory stack and outputs data via print statements without external dependencies or network activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}