{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for handling exceptions, printing detailed exception messages, and determining system exit codes based on exceptions.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from exceptions (`exc`), traceback information, and potentially stream input/output operations in exception handling.",
  "sinks": "Exception messages are printed to a specified stream (default sys.stderr). The code decodes and outputs exception attributes like stdout and stderr if they exist.",
  "flows": "Exceptions are passed to `get_system_exit_code` and `print_exception_message`, which process and output data; exception attributes such as stdout/stderr flow from exception objects to output streams.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious API calls. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity. The only potentially notable aspect is printing exception attributes if they exist, which could be misused if exceptions carry malicious payloads in stdout/stderr, but this is a standard debugging practice.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard exception handling utilities: retrieving exit codes, printing detailed exception info with optional traceback, and flushing output streams. It uses exception attributes like stdout/stderr, which are common in subprocess-related exceptions. The functions do not perform any network operations, file manipulations, or execute arbitrary code. The exception handling is straightforward and does not include any hidden or malicious logic. The code could, in theory, be used to leak sensitive exception attributes if exceptions carry such data, but that is a normal debugging and error reporting behavior rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be standard exception handling utility functions with no malicious behavior or supply chain threats. It does not include hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The practices are typical for debugging and error reporting purposes. There are no signs of malware, malicious data leaks, or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}