{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for handling exceptions, printing exception messages with optional traceback, and determining system exit codes based on exceptions.",
  "sources": "Exception objects during error handling (e.g., in get_system_exit_code, print_exception_message, and _print_output functions).",
  "sinks": "Printing exception details and traceback info to stderr or specified stream; accessing exception attributes such as 'stdout' and 'stderr'.",
  "flows": "Exceptions are caught and passed through functions that analyze exception attributes and potentially print data or determine exit codes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior detected. Usage of exception attributes 'stdout' and 'stderr' with decoding could be unsafe if untrusted exception objects are manipulated, but this is standard for exception handling. The code includes extensive exception handling and printing but no malicious or obfuscated patterns. No external network or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for exception handling and output management. It uses exception attributes and system info to determine exit codes and print error messages. The functions handle exception attributes such as 'winerror', 'stdout', and 'stderr', which are standard for certain exception types (e.g., subprocess errors). There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, data exfiltration, or suspicious external connections. The code appears straightforward, with proper exception handling and no obfuscation or suspicious logic. The inclusion of traceback formatting and output truncation is typical for debugging and not malicious. Overall, the code performs error handling and reporting functions without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility for exception handling and output printing with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not include any malicious payloads, backdoors, network activity, or obfuscation. It appears to be standard debugging and error-reporting code, safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}