{
  "purpose": "Execute system commands to open files or applications in background or stealth mode using external configuration variables.",
  "sources": "Variables from the 'settings' module: CwpJOoGZjWTxjCDrzLgYjJlEGWemkAYj and bmTWxjOoIQQgqNRzWsIFPDmwPWIBskgc.",
  "sinks": "os.system() command execution with constructed command strings.",
  "flows": "External 'settings' variables → string formatting in command strings → os.system() execution.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated function and variable names; direct insertion of external variables into system commands without validation; use of stealth flags '--hide' and '--background'.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs commands with external variables from 'settings' and executes them via os.system without validation, creating a potential command injection vector. The obfuscated naming and stealth flags suggest an attempt at concealment or stealthy operation. No explicit malicious payloads are present, but the pattern is suspicious, especially if 'settings' can be externally manipulated. The risk stems from unvalidated input leading to arbitrary command execution, which could be exploited maliciously. The obfuscation and stealth flags increase suspicion but do not confirm malicious intent. The malware score is set low (around 0.3), reflecting potential misuse without direct evidence. The security risk score is moderate (around 0.6), considering the command injection potential. Confidence in these conclusions is high (around 0.8), given the code structure and behavior. Overall, the code warrants cautious review and safer coding practices, such as input validation and avoiding os.system() in favor of subprocess with argument lists.",
  "conclusion": "The code demonstrates risky behavior through unvalidated external input in system commands combined with obfuscation and stealth flags. While not definitively malicious, it poses a significant security concern if 'settings' variables are compromised or manipulated. The scores assigned are consistent with the observed patterns, and further validation of 'settings' is recommended to mitigate potential exploitation.",
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}