{
  "purpose": "This code provides a framework for managing FPGA/HDL projects, generating configuration files, and executing build and verification commands using external tools like Yosys, GHDL, and Make. It automates project setup, file management, and verification workflows.",
  "sources": "File operations (writing configuration files, scripts, and project files), class attributes, parameters, and external inputs for command generation.",
  "sinks": "Subprocess calls to external tools (e.g., 'make', 'yosys', 'ghdl'), file writes for configuration and project files, print statements for logging.",
  "flows": "Data flows from parameters and class attributes into command strings and file contents; subprocess executes external commands based on these generated scripts and configurations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected. Dynamic command/script generation is standard for build automation, assuming trusted inputs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured automation framework for hardware verification workflows. It manages files, directories, and invokes external tools via subprocess calls. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The subprocess calls are controlled and typical for such automation. The code does not perform network operations or data exfiltration. The dynamic generation of scripts and commands, while potentially risky if inputs are malicious, is standard practice in build pipelines and does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code is legitimate and low risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured automation framework for hardware project management and verification. It does not contain malicious behavior or obfuscation. The security risk is minimal, primarily due to subprocess calls executing trusted external tools. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk score is 0.2, reflecting typical low-level risks associated with subprocess execution in automation scripts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}