{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to monitor Redshift cluster workload patterns by executing various SQL scripts concurrently to gather resource usage, WLM performance, query statistics, and other metrics for analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads SQL scripts from external files loaded via 'load_sql', and gathers configuration data using 'get_data_api_config'. It also receives input parameters 'time_window_days' and 'top_n_queries' for parameterized SQL execution.",
  "sinks": "There are no clear sinks where untrusted data flows directly into harmful actions such as network connections, file modifications, or system commands. The code executes predefined SQL scripts and handles results internally.",
  "flows": "Input parameters influence SQL script execution; scripts are loaded and executed asynchronously, with results stored in 'raw_results_dict'. Errors are captured and logged but do not lead to external harm.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to dynamically load and execute SQL scripts, but there is no evidence of obfuscated code, malicious code, or unintended behavior. All operations seem standard for a workload monitoring tool. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code asynchronously executes multiple predefined SQL scripts for workload analysis, handling errors gracefully. It loads scripts from external files and passes parameters based on script type. No suspicious data flows, network calls, or hidden behaviors are detected. The focus is on data collection, with proper exception handling and progress reporting. There are no signs of malicious intent or supply chain attacks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate workload monitoring utility that loads and runs SQL scripts to collect performance metrics. It operates securely by handling errors and does not exhibit malicious or obfuscated behavior. No security risks or malware indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}