{
  "purpose": "Middleware to validate WSGI application compliance with the WSGI specification and best practices.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from 'wsgi.input' and 'wsgi.errors', environment variables, headers, status strings, and application output iterator.",
  "sinks": "Assertions and warnings are triggered based on input validation; no data is written or transmitted to external systems.",
  "flows": "Input data (environ, wsgi.input, wsgi.errors) flows into validation functions; validated data flows into assertions and warnings; the application output iterator flows through various checks.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains multiple assertions that terminate execution on failure; close() methods in wrappers intentionally raise assertions to prevent calling close() on wsgi.input and wsgi.errors; use of assert_ for validation is not inherently malicious but indicates strict runtime checks; no hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident; no obfuscated code or suspicious external calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive WSGI compliance validator middleware that intercepts application calls to enforce conformance with the WSGI specification. It performs extensive checks on environment variables, input streams, status and headers, and the response iterator, raising assertions when non-compliance is detected. The code uses assertions and warnings for validation; no malicious code, external data transmissions, or sabotage mechanisms are present. The deliberate raising of assertions for calling close() on wsgi.input and wsgi.errors appears to prevent improper resource management, not malicious intent. The code lacks any network activity, data exfiltration, or reverse shell behavior. No signs of obfuscation or malicious payloads are evident. The use of assertions for validation is typical for development or testing environments, not production exploitation. Overall, the code is designed solely for validation purposes and does not contain malicious or sabotage behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a WSGI compliance validation middleware with extensive input and output checks. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms. It primarily serves as a strict validator for WSGI applications, with no evidence of malware, data leaks, or malicious payloads. The security risk is minimal, mainly related to its usage context, not inherent in the code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}