{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions to convert a WSGI application into an AWS Lambda handler compatible with API Gateway, supporting different API versions and handling binary content types.",
  "sources": "Inputs come from the event dictionary (e.g., body, headers, query parameters, request context), and environment variables are indirectly derived through the event data.",
  "sinks": "The main sinks are the WSGI application's call result, which is processed and converted into an API Gateway response. No explicit data leaks or unsafe operations are evident; the code writes response data to BytesIO streams and encodes them as needed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from event input -> environment setup functions (get_body, get_environ_v1/v2) -> WSGI app invocation -> response object (BaseResponse subclasses) -> final API Gateway response.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code primarily handles request parsing and response formatting. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution is detected. No network or file system operations that could leak data or harm are present.",
  "analysis": "The code thoroughly converts API Gateway events into WSGI environment dictionaries, handling different API Gateway versions, headers, query parameters, and request bodies. Response handling involves encoding responses appropriately, supporting binary responses with base64 encoding. All data handling appears standard and safe, with no suspicious code or behavior. The functions are well-structured, and no insecure patterns like SQL injection, code injection, or data leakage are evident. The code adheres to common patterns for serverless WSGI integration.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate and focused on request handling and response formatting for serverless WSGI applications. No malicious intent, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities are detected. It is a well-structured implementation of an API Gateway to WSGI adapter without malicious or sabotage features.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}