{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions to convert a WSGI application into an AWS Lambda handler compatible with API Gateway, supporting different versions and binary content types.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'event' dictionary from API Gateway, including request headers, body, query parameters, and request context. It also reads environment variables and request context data.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include the generated Lambda response dictionary with status code, headers, body, and cookies, as well as the base64-encoded response body when sending binary data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the event input (request data) through functions that build the WSGI environ, into the WSGI app invocation, then the response is consumed and formatted into an API Gateway-compatible response.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard for AWS Lambda-WSGI integration; no suspicious hardcoded secrets or unusual behaviors are detected. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are present. No external network connections or data exfiltration mechanisms are visible.",
  "analysis": "The code correctly constructs WSGI environments for different API Gateway versions, handles request headers, query parameters, and request bodies safely, and formats responses for API Gateway, including binary data support. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or unauthorized data handling is evident. It adheres to typical patterns for serverless WSGI applications. The use of standard libraries and the absence of eval, exec, or dynamic code execution reduce suspicion. No hardcoded credentials, or cryptic code, or obfuscation is present. The code appears secure and well-structured for its purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard AWS Lambda handler wrapper for WSGI apps with proper handling of request and response data. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It follows best practices for serverless WSGI integration without evident security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}