{
  "purpose": "This code implements a retry mechanism with exponential backoff and jitter, used to retry functions (both synchronous and asynchronous) upon encountering specified exceptions within a specified time window.",
  "sources": "Reads: sys.version_info, import statements, parameters for functions, random.uniform, time.sleep, asyncio.sleep, and clock methods. No user input or external data sources are directly read.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include time.sleep() and asyncio.sleep() for delaying retries, which are legitimate for backoff. No data leaks, system damage, or external network activity are evident. No use of untrusted data in insecure contexts.",
  "flows": "Source: Exception raised in the decorated function -> backoff.get_backoff() is called -> If None, raise last exception and stop retrying -> Else, sleep for backoff duration -> Retry the function. This cycle repeats until success or retries exhausted.",
  "anomalies": "Use of random.uniform for jittered backoff introduces non-determinism but is standard in jitter algorithms. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. The code is structured for retries and backoff, which is common and expected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a retry decorator with exponential backoff and jitter, including a context manager to customize backoff behavior. It uses standard Python modules and patterns, with no obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or data exfiltration routines. The use of random and time.sleep/asyncio.sleep is appropriate for backoff strategies. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious data flows are present. The purpose aligns with improving robustness against transient failures.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a retry mechanism with exponential backoff and jitter, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It relies on standard libraries and patterns, with no suspicious behavior observed.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}