{
  "purpose": "This code provides decorators for implementing retry logic with exponential backoff and jitter for synchronous and asynchronous functions, mainly for network or transient errors.",
  "sources": "The code reads input and configuration data from function arguments, environment variables (indirectly via imports), and uses random for jitter calculation. It also reads time via the clock object.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of time.sleep() and asyncio.sleep(), which control delays between retries. No other direct sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "The source (function call) flows into the retry decorators, which catch exceptions, decide to retry based on exception type, compute backoff delay, and delay via sleep, then repeat.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials present. The code uses randomness for jitter, which is normal. No obfuscation, misleading variable names, or suspicious dynamic code execution. The only notable feature is the configurable backoff and retry mechanism.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a retry mechanism with exponential backoff and jitter, including configuration options for total retries, window duration, and exception types. It uses contextvars to manage backoff calculators per namespace, enabling customizable retry behaviors. The usage of random.uniform for jitter and the sleep calls are consistent with standard retry patterns. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are observed. The code adheres to standard practices and is focused solely on controlled retries with delays. There are no signs of malware or sabotage, and no suspicious data flows or external connections are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard retry utility implementing exponential backoff with jitter, intended for robust error handling. No malicious activity or security risks are present. The code is well-structured and appears safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}