{
  "purpose": "Defines classes and functions for AWS resource tagging and CloudWatch Logs archiver configuration, likely part of an infrastructure as code library.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (abc, builtins, datetime, enum, typing), third-party modules (jsii, publication, typeguard, constructs), and internal modules (_jsii). No direct input sources identified.",
  "sinks": "No explicit data sinks such as network calls, file writes, or system commands. Functions are placeholders with 'pass' statements, indicating no runtime behavior. Data properties are set internally and not used to transmit untrusted data.",
  "flows": "No active data flows are observable; functions do not perform operations that transfer data or interact externally.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of obfuscated-looking variable names (e.g., lWoNLStVcxLSidBexUhCaiFWyWnxcaad) and class/property names that appear auto-generated or intentionally obscure. The code only defines data structures and empty functions with no actual logic. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of data type definitions for resource tagging and CloudWatch log archiving configurations. The classes enforce type checks on properties but do not execute any runtime logic. Functions are stub placeholders, possibly generated or to be implemented later. The obfuscated variable names and the structure suggest either auto-generated code or a code pattern designed to confuse. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification. Overall, it appears to be infrastructure definition code with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of data classes and stub functions likely part of an infrastructure as code library. It shows no evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The obfuscation appears intentional but superficial, not indicative of malicious activity. The code by itself is safe but incomplete, with no active logic or external interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}