{
  "purpose": "The code constructs and manages dependency graphs for functions, enabling dependency resolution, particularly in frameworks like FastAPI. It builds dependency chains, handles type hints, and supports context-based resolution.",
  "sources": "Reads input from function signatures, type hints, and optional dependency overrides via replaced_deps. Uses inspection functions to gather source code and signature info.",
  "sinks": "Potentially modifies dependency attributes during graph construction; creates context objects for dependency resolution; issues warnings about unresolved type hints.",
  "flows": "Sources (function signatures, type hints, replaced_deps) feed into dependency parsing; dependencies are added to graph; graph is topologically sorted for resolution order.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secret data present. No code that sends data over the network, writes to system files, or performs suspicious operations. Use of warnings and dynamic signature analysis is typical for dependency introspection. No obfuscated code or malicious control flow detected.",
  "analysis": "The script constructs a dependency graph by inspecting function signatures, type hints, and dependency annotations, including support for FastAPI's Depends. It manages dependencies with caching, handling generic types and nested dependencies. The use of inspection modules (inspect, get_type_hints), dynamic signature analysis, and context creation aligns with dependency injection patterns. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or system compromise. The code performs legitimate dependency graph building and resolution setup, with appropriate warnings for unresolved type hints. No suspicious network, file, or credential handling behavior observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard dependency graph builder with support for FastAPI integration, designed for dependency resolution in an application. It does not contain malicious or suspicious behaviors. The implementation is consistent with dependency injection frameworks and does not pose security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}