{
  "purpose": "The code constructs and manages dependency graphs for Python functions, supporting dependency resolution contexts for asynchronous and synchronous execution.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function signatures, type hints, and dependency parameters, particularly from function or class definitions, type annotations, and FastAPI dependencies.",
  "sinks": "Uses dependencies such as Dependency objects, which could potentially be manipulated to inject malicious dependencies; also potential to modify or override dependencies during runtime via replaced_deps.",
  "flows": "Sources (function signatures and type hints) are processed to generate dependencies, which are then used to build a dependency graph, with dependencies possibly replaced based on input, and the graph determines resolution order.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials present. No evidence of obfuscated code or hidden backdoors. Uses warnings for missing type hints, which is standard. The use of dependency replacement could potentially be manipulated but is a common pattern in dependency injection frameworks.",
  "analysis": "The code thoroughly constructs a dependency graph based on function signatures, type hints, and Dependency objects, supporting both cache-enabled and subgraph dependencies. It also includes compatibility with FastAPI dependency injection. No malicious or suspicious logic such as network communication, file access beyond introspection, or covert data leaks is present. The dependency replacement mechanism appears to be for flexibility rather than malicious intent. No code injection, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. Use of warnings and dynamic signature analysis is standard. Overall, the code functions as a dependency graph builder for a dependency injection system without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a dependency graph builder for Python functions, supporting dependency resolution with optional dependency replacement. It performs introspection and type hint analysis to generate dependencies. No malicious activity, backdoors, or security risks are detected. The implementation is standard for dependency injection frameworks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}