{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to build and manage dependency graphs for functions, allowing dependency resolution in synchronous and asynchronous contexts, with integration support for FastAPI dependencies.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function signatures, type hints, and dependency annotations within the class constructor and _build_graph method, including inspecting functions, classes, and type variables.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data pathways include the handling of dependencies, especially if dependency functions or classes are externally supplied or dynamically modified; however, there are no network or file operations that directly handle untrusted external inputs.",
  "flows": "Sources like type hints and function parameters flow into dependency resolution logic, which may influence the creation of Dependency instances; these dependencies are then used in dependency graph building and context creation, with no evidence of untrusted data being transmitted or executed.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs dynamic inspection and resolution of dependencies, including handling of generic types, type hints, and optional dependencies from FastAPI. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated code patterns are observed. The use of warnings for unresolved hints is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically constructs a dependency graph based on function signatures and annotations, with mechanisms to replace dependencies at runtime. It uses standard Python introspection (inspect, get_type_hints) and dependency resolution techniques, including handling of generic types, with safeguards against unresolved hints via warnings. The inclusion of FastAPI dependencies appears intended for framework integration. There is no network access, file writing, or other operations that could be malicious. No signs of backdoors, code injection, or malicious data leakage are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a dependency graph builder for Python functions with FastAPI integration support. It uses standard reflection techniques and manages dependencies securely without suspicious behaviors. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious data handling. Overall, it appears safe and focused on dependency resolution.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}