{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to build and manage a dependency graph for functions, resolving dependencies for dependency injection, with support for context creation and type hint analysis.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function signatures, type hints, and dependency annotations; reads module information via inspect and sys modules.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe usage includes warnings about unresolved type hints, but no direct sinks for untrusted input or data leaks are present. No network or file system data writes or reads from untrusted sources are observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters and type hints into dependency resolution logic; dependencies are added to the graph and sorted topologically for resolution order.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code constructs are detected. The code contains warnings about unresolved type hints, but these are standard and not suspicious. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features are present. No apparent attempts to hide behavior or malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code analyzes function signatures and type hints to build a dependency graph for dependency injection. It handles generic types, supports optional dependencies (FastAPI dependencies), and performs topological sorting to resolve dependencies in correct order. The code uses standard modules (inspect, sys, warnings) and common patterns for dependency resolution. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications are detected. The only potential concern is the handling of unresolved type hints, but this is benign and related to standard type hint analysis. No signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or harmful behavior are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of dependency graph construction and resolution, with no evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior. It primarily focuses on dependency management for functions and classes, with safe use of standard Python features. No security risks or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}