{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility function 'track_progress_rich' for tracking the progress of parallel task execution using a progress bar in the terminal, leveraging multiprocessing and rich libraries for visualization.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the 'tasks' parameter passed to 'track_progress_rich', which can be any iterable, and from the 'func' parameter, which is called on each task. Data flow is controlled within the multiprocessing pool and the progress bar update calls.",
  "sinks": "The code calls 'func' with tasks, but there are no direct sinks such as file I/O, network, or command execution. No untrusted data is used in system-critical functions or commands.",
  "flows": "Tasks are read from the 'tasks' iterable; each task is processed through 'worker', which applies 'func' and returns results with index. Results are collected in a list, with progress updates shown via the progress bar. No data flows into external systems or unsafe sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a straightforward progress tracking utility using standard multiprocessing and rich libraries. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or unusual constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script defines classes for progress display customization, including skipping time calculations initially. The main function 'track_progress_rich' validates inputs, manages task distribution across processes, and updates a progress bar. It handles edge cases such as empty tasks and mismatched task counts, with appropriate error handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or data leakage. The libraries used are standard for visualization and parallel processing, with no suspicious network or system commands. Overall, the code is a well-structured utility for progress tracking in parallel processing workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility designed for progress visualization during parallel task execution. There are no indicators of malicious intent, security risks, or hidden backdoors. It operates within standard Python library functions and external packages for visualization and multiprocessing. Therefore, it poses no security threat based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}