{
  "purpose": "This code handles signal events to update completion status of course blocks within an LMS platform, specifically triggering updates when a problem is scored.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the 'kwargs' dictionary, which includes 'usage_id', 'course_id', 'user_id', 'score_deleted', and 'grader_response'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the database query to get the user object, and the call to 'BlockCompletion.objects.submit_completion' which updates completion status in the database.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'kwargs' (source) through processing steps (parsing IDs, checking conditions) to the database update in 'submit_completion'.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The code performs standard validation, logging, and conditional logic. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or malicious API calls detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes by setting up logging and importing necessary modules. It defines a signal handler 'scorable_block_completion' that is triggered upon scoring a problem. It first checks if completion tracking is enabled via a feature switch. It then attempts to parse 'usage_id' from 'kwargs' into a UsageKey object, handling exceptions with logging. If the key indicates a course without a run (legacy courses), it reconstructs the course key with a 'run' value. It loads the block class dynamically and checks if the block supports completion via the XBlockCompletionMode. It skips blocks with custom completion logic. It fetches the user from the database using 'user_id'. Based on whether the score was deleted, it sets the completion value (0.0 or 1.0). If there is no 'grader_response', it records the completion in the database. The code appears to perform standard validation and data handling without any signs of malicious intent or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical event handler for updating user completion progress in an LMS. It includes necessary validation, logging, and database interactions, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities. The logic is straightforward and appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}