{
  "purpose": "The code defines functions and data structures related to abstract syntax trees (ASTs) for Python code analysis or transformation, including custom attribute and import handling. It appears to facilitate AST manipulation for code processing tasks.",
  "sources": "Code reads hardcoded string definitions of functions and class definitions, parses them into AST nodes, and processes these nodes for further use.",
  "sinks": "There are no clear sink points where untrusted or external data is processed, written, or sent over the network.",
  "flows": "Parsed string definitions (sources) are converted into AST nodes; these nodes are stored for further processing or transformation within the AST manipulation functions.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or unusual code patterns are present. The code appears straightforward in AST construction and function definition. No external data or network activity is evident. The presence of complex AST node creation might seem unusual but aligns with code generation or transformation tasks.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily creates AST representations of functions and type aliases using string definitions, parsing them into AST nodes for subsequent processing. It includes functions for chaining actions (`andDoAllOf`) and specific AST node constructors (`Attribute`, `Import`). No dynamic code execution, external input, or network activity is present. The code’s structure suggests a utility for AST analysis or modification rather than malicious behavior. There are no indications of backdoors, data exfiltration, or harmful operations. The lack of external interactions and the straightforward nature of AST node construction imply low suspicion.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility for AST parsing and function generation, with no malicious intent detected. It does not perform any network, file, or system manipulation that could harm or leak data. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}