{
  "purpose": "The code is a set of unittests for the FortifySSCClient API, testing project version listing, querying, attribute retrieval, and cloning functionalities.",
  "sources": "Inputs are primarily from API responses such as project lists, version details, and attributes, as well as a file input ('tests/resources/scan_20.1.fpr') for artifact upload.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any untrusted data sinks such as network transmissions, file writes, or system modifications originating from untrusted input; it primarily calls API methods and processes data internally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from API responses into variables, and in some cases, data is used for further API calls (e.g., querying versions by name). File input is used for uploading artifacts, but there are no suspicious or malicious patterns in these flows.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials or unusual code structures are detected. The code appears to be standard unittests. No obfuscation or malicious patterns are present. The use of a test artifact file is typical for testing upload functionality.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard API testing procedures, calling methods to list and query project versions, retrieve attributes, and clone project versions. The use of 'del' to remove a specific field ('bugTrackerEnabled') appears to be a workaround for a known bug and not malicious. The code interacts with external APIs and a local test resource file but does not exhibit suspicious or malicious behavior. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious intent is evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward set of unit tests for a project management API client. It performs data retrieval, querying, and artifact uploads in a controlled testing environment. There are no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. The code is safe based on the provided snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}