{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive suite of interpolation methods for numerical analysis, including Lagrange, Newton, Stirling, Bessel, Gauss, and related formulas, aimed at approximating functions based on data points.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as xvals, yvals, and optionally from local variables like x. It also sorts xvals internally and computes differences and coefficients for interpolation calculations.",
  "sinks": "There are no clear sinks where untrusted data is sent over the network, written to files, or used in system commands. The code only performs mathematical computations and returns numerical results.",
  "flows": "Input data (xvals, yvals, x) flows into interpolation functions. These functions process the data—sometimes computing difference tables or coefficients—and then produce numerical results based on mathematical formulas. No external data flows to other systems or outputs beyond the return of computed values.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears well-structured and purely mathematical. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are evident. The print statements for method selection could potentially leak some execution details but are benign in terms of security. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple interpolation functions that perform mathematical operations based solely on input parameters, internal difference table calculations, and standard mathematical functions from numpy, scipy, and math libraries. It uses no system calls, network operations, or external data manipulations. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The logic is straightforward, implementing known numerical methods without any suspicious or malicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of numerical interpolation functions with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs standard mathematical computations for function approximation, with no external data leaks or harmful operations. The overall security risk is negligible, and the code appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}