{
  "purpose": "This code provides various numerical interpolation methods for approximating functions based on data points, including Lagrange, Newton, Stirling, Bessel, Gauss, and difference table calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters such as xvals, yvals, and optional coefficients. It also reads the evaluation point x and optional parameters like method and m.",
  "sinks": "The code performs computations only locally and returns numerical results. There are no evident sinks that send data over networks, write to files, or execute system commands.",
  "flows": "Input data (xvals, yvals, coefficients, evaluation point x) flows into various interpolation functions (lagrange, newton, stirling, bessel, gaussfd, gaussbd, etc.) which perform mathematical calculations and return results. The 'interpolate' function selects the appropriate method based on parameters and returns the interpolated value.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be well-structured for numerical interpolation and does not contain suspicious code, such as network communication, system calls, file access, or hidden data exfiltration. There are no hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is present. The mathematical functions use standard libraries and algorithms. The only minor concern is verbose print statements for method selection, which are informational but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly performs numerical analysis functions related to polynomial and difference table interpolations. It relies solely on standard libraries (numpy, scipy, math) for calculations. There are no hidden or obfuscated code segments, nor any external system commands, network access, or data exfiltration mechanisms. All input data are used in mathematical formulas, and the outputs are just numerical results. The code does not handle or process external user data beyond function parameters. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage in the implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of mathematical interpolation routines with no malicious intent. It appears to be safe for use, focused solely on numerical computations. No evidence of malware, sabotage, or malicious data handling was found.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}