{
  "purpose": "This code provides various numerical interpolation methods and related utility functions for data analysis and approximation in Python.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as xvals, yvals, and x. No external or untrusted sources are read directly within the code.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations and returns numerical results; it does not contain sinks that send data externally or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (xvals, yvals, x) through mathematical computations in functions such as lagrange, newton, and others, and results are returned as floats. No data is transmitted outside the code.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs. The code relies on standard libraries (numpy, scipy, math) for numerical operations. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or misleading variable names are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements well-known numerical interpolation algorithms using standard mathematical formulas. It utilizes numpy and scipy for numerical accuracy and efficiency. The functions perform calculations related to polynomial interpolation, divided differences, and difference tables. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network access, data exfiltration, or system modification. The only potential concern is the presence of print statements in the 'interpolate' function, which could be considered unnecessary for production but do not introduce security risks. The code does not include any file I/O, network operations, or system commands that could be exploited for malicious purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard implementation of numerical interpolation methods with no malicious intent or security risks detected. It is purely computational and does not contain any malicious behavior. The code is safe for use in numerical analysis contexts.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}