{
  "purpose": "This code provides various interpolation methods for numerical data, including Lagrange, Newton, Stirling, Bessel, Gauss, and general interpolation functions. It is designed for mathematical and computational use in data analysis and function approximation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as xvals, yvals, and optional coef, as well as optional x (evaluation point). It sorts xvals internally in some functions and uses input parameters for computations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain explicit sinks that handle untrusted input in a manner leading to security vulnerabilities such as system commands or network operations. No data is written to files, executed, or sent over networks. It performs purely mathematical calculations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (xvals, yvals, x, coef) into functions like lagrange, divided_differences, and various interpolation functions, which compute numerical results based on these inputs. No untrusted data is used to control system behavior or trigger malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The functions perform standard numerical operations with no obfuscated logic. No dynamic code execution, eval, or system command calls are present. The code handles mathematical formulas in a typical manner.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of numerical interpolation functions with careful input validation (e.g., ensuring array lengths match, checking for odd/even constraints). It avoids unsafe operations such as executing external commands or writing to files. No signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or privacy violations are detected. The code's structure and comments clearly indicate its purpose for mathematical interpolation, and it only relies on standard scientific libraries (numpy, scipy, math). There are no indications of sabotage or malicious modifications. All inputs are used for legitimate calculations, and no suspicious data flows are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate implementation of various interpolation algorithms intended for mathematical computations. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms. It appears safe and purposeful for numerical analysis, with no security threats identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}