{
  "purpose": "The code provides various interpolation methods for numerical analysis, including Lagrange, Newton, Stirling, Bessel, Gauss, and related difference table computations, to evaluate functions at specific points based on tabulated data.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as xvals, yvals, and optional coefficients; also, it reads the evaluation point x. These are provided by the user or calling program; no external data sources or untrusted inputs are directly read from files or network.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that write data to external systems, network, or files. The functions solely perform calculations and return numerical results; no data leakage or external communication occurs.",
  "flows": "Input data (xvals, yvals, optional coef) flow through the various interpolation functions and difference table calculations to produce a numerical output. No data is transmitted to external systems or executed as code; the data flow is confined within computational routines.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures. It relies on standard numerical computations and well-known algorithms. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or misleading variables are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard numerical interpolation algorithms using numpy and scipy, with clear mathematical formulations and documented examples. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network access, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The functions operate solely on provided data and produce numerical results. The use of scipy's binom function and numpy's array operations are typical for such applications. The code is structured with error checks for input consistency, but no suspicious code pathways or hidden functionalities are evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs numerical interpolation and difference table calculations securely and transparently. There is no evidence of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It adheres to standard numerical methods without any dangerous operations. Therefore, it is safe from a cybersecurity perspective.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}