{
  "purpose": "The code implements a custom asyncio event loop runner and context manager to manage asynchronous execution, particularly for running coroutines safely within a controlled environment.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'main' coroutine passed to 'run()', environment signals (SIGINT), and the asyncio event loop state.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the execution of coroutines via '_loop.run_until_complete()', handling of SIGINT signals, and task cancellation or exceptions.",
  "flows": "Input (coroutine, signals) -> runner.run() or runner's run() method -> event loop execution -> task handling and cancellation -> cleanup and closure.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns. The code appropriately manages signals, tasks, and event loop shutdown. It utilizes standard asyncio practices, including safe cancellation and exception handling. No unusual code or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured implementation of a custom asyncio runner and context manager. It handles event loop creation, running coroutines, signal handling (SIGINT), and proper shutdown of tasks and asynchronous generators. It uses standard library features and adheres to typical asyncio patterns. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful system manipulations. The signal handling and task cancellation are standard for graceful shutdowns. The code does not include dynamic code execution, obfuscated logic, or external network communication. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate utility for controlled asyncio execution.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a secure and standard implementation of an asyncio event loop runner with proper handling of signals, tasks, and shutdown procedures. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident. It functions as a safe utility for managing asynchronous execution within Python applications.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}