{
  "purpose": "The code provides data structures and methods for managing reversible transformations (anonymizations) of data across different facets, likely for data anonymization or pseudonymization purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input values through method parameters, specifically in the add, get_forward, get_backward, contains_original, and contains_anonymized methods.",
  "sinks": "There are no external sinks or data transmissions; the code operates purely in-memory with no network activity or file I/O present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into internal dictionaries (forward and backward maps), enabling lookups for anonymized and original values.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of unusual or obfuscated code. The logic is straightforward and consistent with standard data structure usage. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two dataclasses: FacetTransform manages mappings between original and anonymized values, and Transform manages multiple FacetTransform instances keyed by facet names. Methods include adding mappings, retrieving forward/backward mappings, and checking for existence. There are no external data sources, network calls, or hidden behaviors. The code relies solely on in-memory dictionaries to store and retrieve data. All methods are standard, with proper exception handling for missing keys. No signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or obfuscated code are observed. It appears to be a benign implementation for managing reversible data transformations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward, non-malicious implementation of reversible mappings for data anonymization. There are no indications of malicious intent, suspicious data handling, or security risks. It functions as intended for data transformation purposes without external side effects.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}