{
  "purpose": "Implement a circuit breaker pattern to manage API request failures and prevent cascading failures in the WhiteBit MCP server.",
  "sources": "Configuration parameters in __init__ (failure_threshold, recovery_timeout, timeout), request handling in the circuit_breaker decorator, and internal state updates in record_success and record_failure methods.",
  "sinks": "Raising exceptions on open circuit or timeout, logging warnings/errors, and returning circuit states.",
  "flows": "Input parameters to get_circuit_breaker and circuit_breaker decorator → CircuitBreaker state checks and updates → Exception raising or allowing requests based on circuit state.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious privacy violations detected. The code performs standard circuit breaker logic. Use of exceptions for circuit open and timeout handling is normal. No obfuscated code or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard circuit breaker pattern with typical state management, logging, and asynchronous request handling. It reads configuration from arguments and internal state variables, which are standard. No hardcoded secrets or malicious logic are present. The exception raising on open circuits and timeouts is consistent with circuit breaker design. The code does not perform any network communication, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The use of asyncio.wait_for indicates async request timeout management. Overall, the implementation appears legitimate and adheres to expected patterns for circuit breakers, with no signs of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code provides a legitimate circuit breaker pattern implementation with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses standard practices for managing API request failures and circuit states. There are no malicious or suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}