{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for data merging, type inference, validation, and sanitized file reading.",
  "sources": "Reading input from files, type inference based on variable types, merging dictionaries, validating types against expected types.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks; data is processed internally, with sanitization applied during file reading.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from file reading into sanitization, then into type validation functions, with no external data transmission or code execution observed.",
  "anomalies": "Repeated use of 'isinstance(type(value), list)' instead of 'isinstance(value, list)', indicating logical flaw or obfuscation; aggressive string sanitization in file reading function; obfuscated variable and function names.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises utility functions with obfuscated naming, containing a consistent logical flaw in type checking ('isinstance(type(value), list)' instead of 'isinstance(value, list)'). This flaw is benign but indicates poor coding practice or obfuscation. The file reading function sanitizes input by removing spaces, quotes, backslashes, comments, and newlines, which could obscure malicious payloads but no malicious activity is evident. No network activity, code injection, or malicious payloads are present. All reports assign a malware score of 0, aligning with the benign nature of the code. Obfuscation scores are moderate to high, mainly due to naming, but do not imply malicious intent. The overall security risk is low (~0.2), primarily due to logical flaws rather than malicious behavior. The code appears to be a set of utility functions with superficial obfuscation and minor logical errors, not indicative of malicious activity or supply chain compromise.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a collection of utility functions with obfuscated names and a logical flaw in type validation. There is no evidence of malicious payloads, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The obfuscation and flawed logic are superficial and do not elevate the security risk significantly. The code is benign, serving as utility processing routines, with a low malware likelihood and minimal security concern.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}