{
  "purpose": "JWT validation for AWS Cognito tokens, fetching and verifying public keys, signature verification, claim validation, optional client ID check.",
  "sources": "HTTP(S) URL or local file for JWKS keys, token headers for 'kid', environment variable for keys URL.",
  "sinks": "Signature verification process, claim expiration check, optional client ID validation.",
  "flows": "Fetch keys -> extract 'kid' from token header -> match key -> verify signature -> check expiration -> validate client ID -> return claims.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation. Proper asynchronous handling and standard libraries used.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard JWT validation steps: fetching JWKS from URL or file, caching keys, extracting 'kid' from token headers, matching keys, verifying signatures, checking expiration, and optionally validating client ID. It employs trusted libraries (aiohttp, aiofile, jose) and handles external dependencies securely. No malicious or suspicious behavior, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The logic is straightforward, correct, and aligns with best practices. External key sources are managed via environment variables or constants, with no evident vulnerabilities. The code's design minimizes risks, and the only external dependency is the key source, which is standard. No signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, network misuse, or sabotage are observed. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1-0.2) are consistent with the code's behavior and security posture.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a secure, standard implementation of JWT validation for AWS Cognito, with no malicious intent or suspicious elements. The low risk and malware scores are justified, and the code can be considered safe for use. External dependencies are managed appropriately, and the logic is transparent and correct.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}