{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Python package setup process, including post-installation script execution and dependency specifications.",
  "sources": "Reading the README.md file, checking for the existence of install.sh, reading environment variables via dependencies like python-dotenv, and loading package metadata.",
  "sinks": "Executing install.sh script via subprocess, potentially allowing execution of arbitrary shell commands if the script is malicious or manipulated.",
  "flows": "During installation, the setup script reads README.md, checks for install.sh, executes it if present, and installs dependencies. The post-install command runs the shell script, which can potentially execute arbitrary code or malicious commands.",
  "anomalies": "Execution of an external shell script ('install.sh') during post-installation is a significant point of concern. The script path is constructed dynamically and executed without sanitization. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present in the code itself. The dependencies and code structure appear standard for a setup script.",
  "analysis": "The script performs typical setup operations for a Python package, including reading a README file and defining dependencies. The key point of concern is the execution of 'install.sh' during post-installation, which could contain malicious commands, especially since its content is external and not inspected here. The code itself does not contain malicious logic but relies on an external shell script that could be malicious or sabotage. There are no signs of obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious behavior within the Python code. The security risk primarily depends on the content of 'install.sh'.",
  "conclusion": "The code itself is a standard setup script with a potentially risky post-install shell script execution. Without inspecting 'install.sh', the security risk remains uncertain. If 'install.sh' is trusted, the risk is low; if untrusted, it could execute malicious commands. No malware signs or obfuscated code detected in the Python code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 1
}