{
  "purpose": "The code defines setup instructions for a Python package named 'shinel', including a post-installation script that executes a shell script 'install.sh'.",
  "sources": "The code reads the README.md file for long description, checks for the existence of 'install.sh', and uses subprocess to execute it. It also loads package dependencies from install_requires.",
  "sinks": "The subprocess call executes 'install.sh', which could be malicious if the script is compromised or maliciously replaced. Other potential sinks include loading environment variables via 'python-dotenv' and network requests via 'requests' and 'aiohttp', but these are standard dependencies.",
  "flows": "The code reads 'README.md' for description -> checks and modifies 'install.sh' -> potentially executes 'install.sh' during post-installation -> installs dependencies from specified sources.",
  "anomalies": "The main anomaly is the execution of an external shell script 'install.sh' during post-install, which could be malicious if the script is compromised. No validation or verification of the script's contents is performed. The rest of the code is standard setup boilerplate.",
  "analysis": "The setup script imports necessary modules and reads the README for description. It defines a custom post-install command that executes 'install.sh' using subprocess. This execution occurs during package installation, which can be dangerous if 'install.sh' contains malicious commands. The dependencies listed are common, but executing external scripts at install time is risky without validation. No obfuscated or suspicious code constructs are present. Overall, the potential security risk hinges on the contents of 'install.sh'.",
  "conclusion": "The code itself appears to be standard setup boilerplate with a notable exception: executing an external shell script ('install.sh') during post-installation. This behavior introduces a significant security risk if 'install.sh' is compromised or malicious, as it runs arbitrary shell commands during package installation. The rest of the code is standard and does not exhibit malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "report_number": 2
}