{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of functions, classes, and methods for analyzing SQL migration scripts to identify potentially dangerous or incompatible operations such as dropping tables, renaming columns, or adding constraints, primarily for code review or linting purposes.",
  "sources": "Input SQL statements provided to the analyse() method, including any string or list of strings passed to _check_sql() and used within detect_table() and detect_column().",
  "sinks": "The code processes untrusted SQL strings and inspects their content using regex matching. It does not execute external commands, perform network operations, or write files; therefore, direct data leakage or system compromise through code execution is unlikely.",
  "flows": "SQL statements flow from the input (sql_statements in analyse()) into _check_sql(), where checks are applied. These checks use regex patterns to identify specific SQL operations, with issues being recorded as Issue objects. No external or system actions occur based on untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses regex matching for SQL parsing, which is a common approach but may be fragile against complex or obfuscated SQL. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident. The code structure appears standard for a static analysis tool. No dynamic code execution, network access, or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The script implements static analysis for SQL migration scripts, identifying operations like renaming, dropping, or altering tables and columns. It uses regex for pattern matching, with checks configured for different migration actions. The design allows for extensibility through checks and modes. No suspicious or malicious logic is apparent; it functions solely to flag potentially dangerous schema changes. The code avoids executing or evaluating untrusted input beyond regex matching, which is safe in this context. Overall, it appears to be a standard linting utility with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static analysis tool designed to review SQL migration scripts for potentially unsafe or incompatible operations. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The implementation is straightforward and aligns with common practices for schema migration review. No security risks or malware are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}