{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to analyze SQL migration scripts for specific patterns, errors, and best practices, primarily for use in database schema migrations within a Django project.",
  "sources": "Reads SQL statements from input parameters in the 'analyse' method; functions 'has_not_null_column' and 'has_add_unique' analyze provided SQL strings.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform or invoke external commands, write to files, or send data over the network; it processes and inspects SQL text strings internally.",
  "flows": "Input SQL statements are checked against pattern-matching functions; issues are generated and stored in internal lists based on checks; no external data flows or untrusted data external to the process.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. The code performs straightforward regex-based analysis; no obfuscated code or dynamic execution present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured approach to analyzing SQL migration scripts with predefined checks. It uses regex for pattern matching and supports configuration to include or exclude specific tests. The functions focus on detecting schema modifications like renaming, dropping columns or tables, altering columns, and adding constraints. The use of deep copies for checks, enum-based modes and types, and clear separation of concerns indicate a well-structured implementation. There are no signs of malicious payloads, network communication, or data exfiltration. The only potential concern could be the use of regex to parse SQL, which might be fragile but does not constitute malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate static analysis tool with no malicious intent or malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a static SQL migration checker designed for use within a Django project. It performs pattern matching and validation on SQL statements to identify potentially disruptive schema changes. No malicious behavior, malware, or suspicious anomalies are present. The implementation is straightforward, with no signs of obfuscation or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}