{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to analyze and enforce rules on SQL migration scripts, checking for potentially risky or non-standard operations such as renaming, dropping, or altering tables and columns.",
  "sources": "Input SQL statements passed to the 'analyse' method, which are then processed by various checks for specific patterns and conditions.",
  "sinks": "None explicitly present in the code. The code performs pattern matching and data collection, but does not execute or send data over the network.",
  "flows": "SQL statements are read as input, passed through regex-based checks, and issues are generated and stored in error, warning, or ignored lists based on the pattern matches and check results.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains no suspicious or malicious patterns. It includes standard regex checks for SQL operations, uses dataclasses for structure, and logging for debugging. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity is present. No obfuscated or intentionally misleading code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a static analysis tool that inspects SQL migration statements for specific patterns indicating potentially risky operations, such as renaming, dropping, or altering database objects. It employs regex matching to identify these operations and categorizes issues into errors or warnings. The code imports standard Python libraries, utilizes dataclasses for structured data, and has no evident mechanisms for executing external commands, network activity, or data exfiltration. There are no signs of malware or malicious intent, nor any suspicious data handling or obfuscation techniques. The code is consistent with a security-focused static analysis utility, with no indications of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a static SQL migration checker intended to flag potentially risky database changes. It does not contain malware, malicious behaviors, or security risks. It appears safe and aligned with its intended purpose, with no evidence of obfuscation or harmful activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}