{
  "purpose": "The code provides a custom implementation of the 'replace' function for dataclasses, allowing modification of dataclass instances with new field values while handling internal metadata and attributes.",
  "sources": "The code reads dataclass objects (__obj), imported modules, and potentially input via provided parameters (changes). It also dynamically accesses and modifies global functions.",
  "sinks": "The code assigns a new function to globals()[replace.__name__], potentially overriding the standard replace. No external data sinks, network operations, or file I/O are present.",
  "flows": "Input (__obj, changes) flows through the function, modifies internal dataclass fields, and updates global namespace by replacing the original 'replace' function.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically replaces the 'replace' function in the global namespace, which is unusual and could interfere with normal dataclass behavior. Importing internal dataclass modules (_FIELD_INITVAR, _FIELDS) could be risky if misused, but in this context, they are used for internal handling. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code redefines the 'replace' function for dataclasses, ensuring that default values for init variables are handled properly. It manipulates internal dataclass attributes (_FIELDS, _FIELD_INITVAR) and updates the global namespace to override the standard 'replace'. The purpose appears to be to extend or customize dataclass replacement behavior. No network activity, code injection, or suspicious data handling is present. The dynamic overwriting of a standard function may be considered risky if misused, but it appears intended for internal customization. No signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious data leaks are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code customizes the dataclasses 'replace' function to handle internal init variables and attribute updates more thoroughly. While the dynamic function replacement is somewhat unconventional, there is no evidence of malicious behavior. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}