{
  "purpose": "The code defines Python classes and data structures for managing AWS Aurora global databases using AWS CDK constructs, intended for infrastructure as code deployment.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data mainly through class constructors and property accessors, which accept parameters such as credentials, engine versions, region options, VPC configurations, and other deployment settings.",
  "sinks": "The code exposes properties that could be used to retrieve resource ARNs, cluster identifiers, passwords, and configuration details. These could potentially lead to data leaks if misused in an insecure context, but there are no active data transmission or network calls in this code.",
  "flows": "The data flow is primarily parameter passing from constructor inputs to class properties and method invocations. No external data flow, network requests, or untrusted data injection points are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains detailed type annotations and extensive property definitions, with no hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code patterns. The rds_password parameter is optional and, if provided, could be a hardcoded password, but its use here aligns with typical infrastructure scripting. No suspicious or unusual behaviors are detected in the code structure.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of CDK constructs and data types for managing Aurora databases, with proper separation of concerns and no signs of malicious behavior. It does not perform network operations, system modifications, or secret exfiltration. All class and method names are descriptive, and there is no evidence of obfuscated logic or hidden payloads. The presence of optional password parameters warrants careful handling during deployment, but this alone is not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical infrastructure-as-code library for deploying AWS Aurora global databases via CDK. It shows no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage. The structure and content are consistent with legitimate resource management code. The only consideration is cautious handling of supplied passwords, which is standard practice.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}