{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Python package for managing AWS RDS Aurora Global Databases using AWS CDK constructs, allowing creation, configuration, and regional replication setup for Aurora clusters.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters, environment variables (e.g., process.env.CDK_DEFAULT_ACCOUNT and process.env.MYIP), and external AWS resource identifiers such as VPCs, security groups, and credentials.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if sensitive information like 'rdsPassword' is exposed through outputs or logs. External network interactions are not directly evident; no code for network communication, data exfiltration, or command execution is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and environment variables into resource configurations, such as creating credentials, setting passwords, and configuring network access. No flow indicates untrusted data being used in dangerous sinks such as command execution or network transmission.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes standard AWS CDK resource definitions and type checking stubs; no hardcoded secrets or credentials are evident. There are no obfuscated or unusual language features, and no indications of malicious backdoors or hidden code segments. Use of environment variables for sensitive data should be noted but is common in cloud infrastructure code.",
  "analysis": "The code defines construct classes for Aurora global databases, including master and slave infrastructure, with properties for credentials, engine versions, instance types, and regional options. It uses standard CDK constructs, environment variables, and resource configuration patterns. No malicious or sabotage code, such as network communications to unknown domains, command execution, or data theft mechanisms, is present. The inclusion of type checking stubs and modular resource definitions appears legitimate and aligned with infrastructure-as-code best practices.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate infrastructure library for managing AWS Aurora Global Databases via CDK. No evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware was identified. It handles resource setup, regional replication, and configuration without unsafe or suspicious patterns. The main security consideration is ensuring sensitive data like passwords are protected and not exposed unintentionally.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}