{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python package for managing AWS Aurora global databases via CDK constructs, including classes for master and slave clusters, properties, and configurations.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (e.g., process.env.CDK_DEFAULT_ACCOUNT, process.env.MYIP) and accepts input parameters such as passwords and region identifiers. It also imports modules and packages for AWS CDK resources.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include environment variables and input parameters (like rdsPassword and MYIP) which could be misused if exposed or hardcoded. The code does not include network connections or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment variables and input parameters into the configuration objects used to provision AWS resources. There is no evidence of untrusted data being executed or sent over the network.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains only resource configuration and class definitions, with no hardcoded secrets beyond input parameters. It uses type hints and debug assertions, but no obfuscation or unusual language features. No backdoors, hidden behaviors, or malicious code are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily defines classes and data types for AWS CDK constructs related to Aurora global databases. It handles configuration parameters, environment variables, and input validation with type hints and checks. No code executes arbitrary commands, writes to files, or performs network operations. The environment variables and input parameters are standard for infrastructure-as-code scripts. There are no signs of malicious activity, such as data exfiltration, command injection, or backdoors. The code is structured for resource provisioning with clear separation of concerns. No anomalies, obfuscated code, or suspicious constructs are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward infrastructure configuration script for AWS Aurora global databases using AWS CDK. It contains no malicious behavior or sabotage indications. All data sources and sinks are standard for deployment scripts, and no suspicious actions are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}