{
  "purpose": "The code facilitates OAuth2 authorization with Google accounts, generating tokens for email access and managing token refresh workflows.",
  "sources": "Reads user input via 'input()' and 'getpass.getpass()', reads from local files for OAuth2 configuration, and receives redirected URLs containing authorization codes.",
  "sinks": "Sends HTTP requests to Google OAuth2 endpoints with client credentials and authorization data; writes OAuth2 info to local files.",
  "flows": "User inputs authorization code or credentials -> code makes HTTPS requests to Google OAuth endpoints with sensitive data -> responses contain tokens -> tokens used to generate OAuth2 strings -> OAuth2 info stored locally.",
  "anomalies": "Uses 'input()' and 'getpass.getpass()' to collect sensitive credentials interactively, which is standard but could be misused if the script is run maliciously. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic execution, or suspicious variable names. No malicious network activity beyond legitimate OAuth flows. No hidden backdoors, suspicious domain connections, or code that exfiltrates data beyond OAuth token handling.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard OAuth2 authorization workflows for Google services, including generating permission URLs, exchanging authorization codes for tokens, refreshing tokens, and creating OAuth2 strings. It interacts with user input and local storage for credentials, which is typical. No evidence of malicious or sabotage code, such as data exfiltration, system compromise, or malicious payloads. The code is straightforward and intended for legitimate OAuth2 token management. No signs of obfuscation, malware, or malicious data flow outside intended OAuth processes.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of OAuth2 authentication flows for Google accounts, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It relies on user interaction for credential input and manages tokens securely. The potential security concern is the handling of sensitive credentials during setup, but this is standard practice. Overall, it does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}