{
  "purpose": "This module provides a client interface for interacting with the Global Fishing Watch API, including vessel search, fishing event retrieval, map generation, and statistics collection.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, environment variables, and API responses. Specifically, environment variables are accessed via os.environ and API responses are fetched using requests.",
  "sinks": "API requests (GET and POST) to external domains, printing to console, and updating environment variables. No untrusted data is directly written to files, system commands, or external systems.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to construct API requests; responses are cached or returned; data is processed for visualization or analysis. No external data flows to untrusted sinks beyond API calls and logging.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for API interaction; no suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Use of environment variables for token storage is typical. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code securely manages API tokens, uses request libraries with error handling, and caches GET requests for efficiency. API interactions are performed with appropriate headers and parameters. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors. Logging is limited to print statements, which is typical. No suspicious hardcoded secrets or commands. The structure and implementation follow standard API client patterns. The use of environment variables for token management is secure if the environment is protected. No malicious code or malware signals are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API client for Global Fishing Watch, with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It performs data retrieval and visualization functions securely and appropriately. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}