{
  "purpose": "The code provides a client library for managing Google Cloud BigQuery Data Policies, enabling creation, update, deletion, retrieval, and IAM policy management of data policies through API calls.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (collections, http, json, os, re, typing, warnings), Google API core modules, Google auth modules, protobufs, and internal transport and type modules.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests via wrapped methods (_transport.*), gRPC metadata headers, environment variables for configuration, and potential logging outputs.",
  "flows": "Input data (request objects, parameters, environment variables) flows into API method calls, which are wrapped for retries and error handling, then sent over network via transport layers. Responses and errors flow back to the caller, with some credential info added on certain error conditions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. Usage of environment variables for configuration is standard. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or system damage actions detected. The code appears to be a standard API client implementation with extensive validation and transport setup.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical generated Google Cloud API client, with standard methods for resource management and IAM policies. It performs environment variable checks for mTLS and API endpoint selection, sets up credentials, and wraps network calls with retries and error handling. No suspicious or malicious logic, hidden backdoors, or malicious network activities are present. The code's structure and imports are consistent with legitimate client library patterns. No signs of code injection, data leakage, or sabotage are visible.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate, non-malicious API client library for Google Cloud BigQuery Data Policies. It functions as intended for resource management with standard security practices. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indications are detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}