{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and paginator class definitions for the macie2 service client, facilitating pagination over AWS Macie2 API responses.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from the system environment, imports from boto3 and botocore modules, and references predefined type definitions for request and response types.",
  "sinks": "The 'paginate' methods invoke the underlying boto3 Paginator with kwargs, potentially passing untrusted data into AWS SDK calls. No direct data leakage or malicious data handling is evident.",
  "flows": "Source: user-provided kwargs in 'paginate' methods; Sink: boto3 Paginator calls with these kwargs. Data flows from input parameters to AWS API calls, with no external network or system manipulation detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code strictly defines paginator classes with documentation links, following standard boto3-stubs conventions. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of class definitions for paginator wrappers around AWS Macie2 API calls. It imports type definitions and extends a generic Paginator class, adding 'paginate' methods. There are no signs of malicious intent such as network data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors. The use of type annotations and documentation links aligns with typical SDK stub implementations. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious behaviors, or obfuscated code are present. The code appears to serve as a type-safe interface layer for AWS SDK pagination, with no malicious or security-compromising elements.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured set of paginator class definitions with type annotations for AWS Macie2 SDK, exhibiting no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It is intended for type safety and clarity in SDK usage, with no immediate security risks detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}