{
  "purpose": "The code provides integration for langchain runnables with FastAPI, enabling automatic route registration for various endpoints such as invoke, batch, stream, schemas, and feedback mechanisms.",
  "sources": "The code reads input primarily from function arguments, request objects, and imported modules. It accesses request data via the 'Request' objects in endpoint handlers and reads configuration flags from parameters and class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the API handlers that process requests and generate responses, streaming responses via EventSourceResponse, and functions that create or modify feedback, public trace links, and schema responses.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from incoming HTTP requests into APIHandler methods ('invoke', 'batch', 'stream', etc.), which process the data and produce responses or stream data back to clients. Configuration flags influence route setup and behavior but do not directly process untrusted input.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, secrets, or suspicious external calls. The code contains 'raise AssertionError' in the documentation endpoint functions, which is acceptable as these functions are placeholders intended for documentation and testing. The code uses deprecated warnings for startup event handling but does not include any obfuscated or complex dynamic code execution. No unusual variable names or dynamic code execution appears.",
  "analysis": "The code carefully sets up multiple API endpoints with clear separation of concerns, relying on well-defined APIHandler methods. It validates the 'runnable' type, checks for optional dependencies, and manages route registration with global state in a way that minimizes collision. The 'raise AssertionError' in documentation routes indicates these are meant to be placeholders and not executable logic. There are no signs of malicious code, hidden backdoors, or external network activity embedded in this snippet. Use of deprecated warnings is for legacy reasons and does not pose security risks. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, well-structured API registration module with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate route registration utility for FastAPI that enables various API endpoints for langchain runnables. It does not contain any malicious behavior, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious external calls. The presence of placeholder functions with assertion errors is intentional for documentation purposes. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}