{
  "purpose": "The code provides integration of langchain runnables with FastAPI, adding routes for invoking, batching, streaming, and schema retrieval for runnables.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from HTTP requests handled in the various endpoint functions (e.g., invoke, batch, stream, schema endpoints). No explicit external data sources or environment variables are read in this code.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow from incoming requests through api_handler methods, which process request payloads. Responses are generated via api_handler methods; no raw untrusted data is directly written to files, network, or system resources within this code fragment.",
  "flows": "HTTP request → endpoint function (e.g., invoke, batch, stream) → api_handler method (e.g., invoke, batch, stream) → response. The flow is controlled by the APIHandler, which is not detailed here, but the code ensures input is routed correctly.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains placeholder functions for streaming endpoints that raise AssertionError, indicating these endpoints are not meant to be reachable directly; this is normal. Use of warnings.catch_warnings for deprecated on_event handling is noted but not suspicious. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code includes dynamic route creation, but nothing indicates malicious intent. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines API routes for a FastAPI application to handle runnable invocation, streaming, and schema retrieval. It validates input types and constructs routes based on configuration flags. There is no code executing arbitrary code, making network connections, or reading sensitive data outside request payloads. The placeholder functions for streaming endpoints raise errors, indicating they are meant to be overridden or replaced. No malicious patterns, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. Usage of deprecated warnings suggests maintenance needs but not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured API integration layer for langchain runnables with FastAPI. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage signals. The main concern is the placeholder functions raising AssertionError, which are expected and indicate that streaming functionalities are to be implemented elsewhere. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}