{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for AWS CDK custom resource providers, including handling AWS SDK calls, managing provider Lambda functions, and defining policies for SDK operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, resource properties, and SDK call configurations. It does not explicitly read external untrusted input sources.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the execution role for Lambda functions and the response data returned by SDK calls, which could lead to data leaks if misused. There are no network connections or file writes directly in this code.",
  "flows": "The flow involves configuring SDK calls, creating Lambda functions, and executing SDK calls within those functions. Data flows from input parameters into SDK call configurations and into the response data, but no malicious flow is apparent.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or backdoors are present. The code appears to be a standard implementation of AWS CDK custom resource constructs, with clear API and type annotations. No suspicious external URL or hidden behavior is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements classes and methods to configure AWS custom resources, SDK calls, and provider functions within AWS CDK. It validates types and manages permissions and configurations for Lambda functions and SDK interactions. The code is structured, well-documented, and appears to be part of a standard library, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It mainly provides abstractions for infrastructure-as-code and does not perform any malicious or unintended operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of AWS CDK custom resource constructs, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It is a standard infrastructure framework component. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}