{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and data structures for AWS CloudFormation custom resource providers and custom resources using AWS CDK. It enables programmatic creation and management of custom resources and API calls via AWS SDK, wrapped in AWS Lambda functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters to class constructors, such as 'policy', 'on_event_handler', 'on_delete', 'on_update', 'resources', etc. These are used to configure the behavior of custom resources and API calls. It also accesses properties like 'service_token' and response data paths via methods.",
  "sinks": "The code itself does not write data to external systems or network destinations. No sinks like network connections, file writes, or external data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters to class properties, and methods like 'get_response_field' or 'resolve' produce data based on internal state. There are no external API calls, network requests, or data exfiltration pathways embedded in this code.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code is standard for CDK constructs and data structures, with no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code constructs. No obfuscated or misleading code is present. The type hinting and property definitions follow typical patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code defines constructs for AWS CDK custom resources and API calls, with clear and documented properties. It manages configuration, roles, policies, and response handling. There are no indications of malicious intent, data leakage, or sabotage. The functions are solely for infrastructure as code management. No suspicious or malware-like behaviors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of AWS CDK constructs for custom resources and API calls, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is a legitimate part of AWS CDK library code, aimed at infrastructure automation. No security risks or malware are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}