{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for testing and validating survival analysis models in the sksurv Python package, including assertions for survival functions, cumulative hazard functions, and concordance index calculations.",
  "sources": "No external input sources, no reading of untrusted data. Import statements import trusted libraries. Internal functions generate test cases based on internal data.",
  "sinks": "No sinks that process untrusted data or perform malicious actions. The code performs assertions and validations internally.",
  "flows": "N/A — no data flows from untrusted sources to sinks; the code primarily performs data validation and test case generation within the module.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, no hardcoded secrets, no obfuscated code. All functions serve testing and validation purposes. No network activity, file I/O, or credential handling present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several assertion functions to verify properties of survival functions and cumulative hazard functions, as well as a function to identify survival estimator classes within the sksurv package. It includes utility functions for generating test cases based on internal data. The code relies on standard Python libraries and trusted third-party packages. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code injection. All operations are confined to internal validation and testing logic. There is no network access, no dynamic code execution, and no handling of untrusted inputs. The code's structure is clean and straightforward, with no obfuscated or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a set of internal testing utilities for survival analysis models, with no signs of malicious intent, security risks, or malware. It primarily performs validation and class inspection within the package. The code appears safe and trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}