{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client class definition for the Amazon WorkSpaces service, providing type hints and method signatures for the boto3 client.",
  "sources": "Import statements, class definitions, method signatures, and property definitions within the code.",
  "sinks": "Method implementations calling boto3 and botocore functions, property accessors, and type hints that could potentially be misused if exploited, but in this case, they are purely structural and informational.",
  "flows": "The code flows from class and method definitions, with no dynamic execution or data handling shown. The function signatures indicate data flow from external input (kwargs) to API calls, but actual execution is not present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code strictly consists of type annotations, class structures, and method signatures for a client library. No runtime or executable malicious code, network calls, or data leaks are evident. The presence of comprehensive type hints and overloads is typical for stubs or type annotations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive type stub and class structure for the boto3 WorkSpaces client, including method signatures, property definitions, and overloads for paginators. It imports and uses type hints from standard libraries and third-party extensions for compatibility. There are no executable commands, dynamic code execution, network calls, or data handling logic. The code is purely structural, intended for static type checking and documentation purposes. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware are present. The code appears to be a well-structured, safe, and standard library stub implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a non-executable, purely structural set of type annotations and class definitions for the boto3 WorkSpaces client. It does not contain any malicious behaviors, backdoors, or security risks. It is a typical static typing stub designed to improve developer experience and code correctness. Therefore, it has a malware score of 0, security risk score of 0, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}