{
  "purpose": "The code is a setup script for a Python package called 'watchgod', used for package distribution and installation.",
  "sources": "Reads the README.md file for long description, loads version information from 'watchgod/version.py', reads environment variables, and imports setup tools and optional Rust extensions.",
  "sinks": "Potential injection points include environment variables (SKIP_RUST_EXTENSION), which could influence conditional logic, and external files (README.md) that are read for descriptions.",
  "flows": "Environment variable 'SKIP_RUST_EXTENSION' influences whether Rust extension is included; external file reading (README.md) feeds into package description; dynamic module loading from 'watchgod/version.py' supplies version info.",
  "anomalies": "Use of SourceFileLoader to load version module could potentially be misused to load malicious code if the file is tampered with; however, this is standard practice for dynamic version loading. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code is present. No code injection or obfuscated code is detected. The environment variable check is benign.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs package setup operations: reading a README file, dynamically loading version info, conditionally including a Rust extension based on an environment variable, and defining package metadata. All operations are typical for Python package setup scripts. The environment variable influences optional features but does not introduce security risks. External file reading is standard, and dynamic module loading is done via a standard loader. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are identified. No backdoors, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Python package setup script with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs typical package configuration tasks without any suspicious or malicious code. Use of environment variables and dynamic loading are common practices and do not pose security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}