{
  "purpose": "The source code encrypts Python source files (excluding import statements), embeds the encrypted content, and executes the decrypted code dynamically using exec(). It functions as an obfuscation and runtime decryption utility.",
  "sources": "The code reads input files from the filesystem, specifically reading the entire content of the input Python file, and reads encrypted content from the decrypted code segment during decryption.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the use of exec() on decrypted code, which executes dynamically generated code within the current process environment.",
  "flows": "Source: Reading input file -> encrypt_code or decrypt_code functions -> decrypted code string -> exec() call during runtime execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code decrypts and executes code at runtime without validation, which is inherently risky. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activity are present. The use of exec() on decrypted content is a security concern.",
  "analysis": "The script encrypts Python source code (excluding import statements) and embeds the encrypted string into a wrapper script that decrypts and executes it at runtime. The use of exec() on decrypted code introduces security risks, especially if the encrypted content is manipulated or malicious. The malware score is low (0.0-0.2) due to lack of evidence of malicious payloads, but the security risk score is high (0.6-0.8) because of the unsafe dynamic execution pattern. The obfuscation level is moderate to high, given the encryption of source code. No malicious behavior or backdoors are detected. The main concern is the potential misuse of this pattern for malicious purposes, not the presence of actual malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate obfuscation tool that encrypts and decrypts Python code for runtime execution. It does not contain malware but poses significant security risks due to the use of exec() on decrypted code. The scores should reflect low malware likelihood (around 0.1-0.2), high obfuscation (around 0.7), and high security risk (around 0.7-0.8). Proper safeguards are recommended if deploying this code, such as validation or sandboxing, to mitigate runtime execution risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}