{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to encrypt and decrypt Python source files using the TokenCryptor class, primarily for obfuscation or protection of code content.",
  "sources": "The code reads input Python files specified by the user, extracting their content for encryption or decryption. It also reads specific lines from the file to identify import statements and embedded encrypted content.",
  "sinks": "The code executes decrypted code via exec() within the run_decrypted_code() function, which executes potentially sensitive or malicious code if decrypted content is malicious. The encrypted code is stored in a string variable and executed dynamically.",
  "flows": "Input file content is read and processed: in encryption mode, the entire content is encrypted excluding import lines, then reconstructed with an execution stub. In decryption mode, the encrypted content is extracted and decrypted, then executed dynamically. The main flow involves reading, encrypting/decrypting, and executing code.",
  "anomalies": "The use of dynamic code execution via exec() on decrypted code poses significant security risks. The code encrypts entire source files and decrypts them at runtime, which can obscure malicious payloads. There is no validation or sandboxing around the decrypted code, enabling potential execution of malicious scripts.",
  "analysis": "The script is designed for obfuscation of Python source files through encryption, with a focus on hiding code content by encrypting it and executing decrypted code at runtime. It imports a custom TokenCryptor class, which appears to perform the actual encryption/decryption. The code excludes import lines from encryption, possibly to avoid breaking dependencies. It writes a wrapper that decrypts and executes code dynamically, which can be exploited to run malicious code if the encrypted content is malicious. The reliance on exec() without validation makes it a high security risk. There are no signs of malicious behavior outside of the inherent risks of dynamic code execution and obfuscation, which themselves are potential vectors for malicious payloads if misused.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily an obfuscation tool that encrypts and decrypts Python scripts for protection purposes. However, its design to decrypt and execute code at runtime introduces significant security risks, especially if malicious code is encrypted or injected into the encrypted content. The use of exec() on decrypted data makes it susceptible to executing malicious payloads, and there are no safeguards or validations present. Overall, the code itself does not contain malicious intent but embodies a high-risk pattern if misused.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "report_number": 2
}