{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to encrypt or decrypt Python files using the TokenCryptor class, potentially for obfuscation or protection of code content.",
  "sources": "Input file specified by --input argument, reading file content; potentially user-controlled or external files.",
  "sinks": "Output file specified by --output argument, writing encrypted or decrypted content; also executes decrypted code dynamically via exec().",
  "flows": "Input file content is read as source; in encryption mode, content is encrypted, stored with import statements, and executed dynamically. In decryption mode, encrypted code is decrypted and written as plain code.",
  "anomalies": "The code encrypts Python code, replacing original code with an encrypted blob, then decrypts and executes it at runtime. Use of exec() on decrypted content introduces significant security risks. No hardcoded secrets are present. The cryptor object is instantiated locally. No suspicious or backdoor code detected.",
  "analysis": "The script takes a Python file, encrypts its code lines (excluding import statements), and embeds the encrypted content within a wrapper that decrypts and executes it at runtime. Decryption involves extracting the encrypted string from the code and decrypting it before execution. The use of exec() on dynamically decrypted code is a potential security concern, especially if the encrypted content is externally manipulated. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or malicious payloads. It primarily serves as a code obfuscation tool, but the runtime decryption and execution pattern is inherently risky if misused or compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an obfuscation tool that encrypts Python source code and executes the decrypted code dynamically. While it does not exhibit direct malicious behavior such as data exfiltration or system manipulation, its use of exec() on decrypted content introduces significant security risks, especially if the encrypted content is tampered with. There are no signs of malware or backdoors. The overall security risk is moderate, primarily due to dynamic code execution. No obfuscation beyond code encryption is present. The code appears to be a legitimate obfuscation utility, but with inherent risks due to runtime decryption and execution.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 1
}