{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to encrypt or decrypt Python scripts by transforming the code content with a custom TokenCryptor. It facilitates obfuscation of code via encryption and decryption routines.",
  "sources": "Reads input Python script file, reads lines from the script, specifically extracts encrypted code during decryption.",
  "sinks": "Executes decrypted code via exec(), potentially executing untrusted code if the encrypted content is malicious or manipulated.",
  "flows": "Input file content → parsing and filtering lines → encryption or decryption via TokenCryptor → writing output file. During decryption, decrypted code is executed with exec(), leading to code execution.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on decrypted code introduces risk; encrypted content is stored in a variable and executed dynamically, which can be exploited if the encrypted content is malicious or tampered with.",
  "analysis": "The script processes Python files, encrypting or decrypting them using a custom TokenCryptor class. Encryption excludes import lines but encrypts all other code lines. Decryption extracts encrypted code from a variable, decrypts it, and executes it dynamically using exec(). The use of exec() on decrypted code is inherently risky, especially if the encrypted content could be manipulated or if an attacker gains control of the encrypted payload. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity evident in the code. The encryption/decryption logic depends on the TokenCryptor class, which isn't provided, so its security cannot be fully assessed. The code's purpose appears to be code obfuscation, not malicious behavior, but the dynamic execution step presents a security concern if misused.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an obfuscation tool that encrypts and decrypts Python scripts, executing decrypted code dynamically. While the script itself does not contain malicious actions or hardcoded credentials, the use of exec() to run decrypted code introduces a significant security risk, especially if the encrypted content is compromised or manipulated. It should be used with caution, and its security depends on the integrity of the encrypted payload.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 4
}