{
  "purpose": "The function 'show_code' reads and displays the contents of a specified file located in a 'data' directory relative to the current script's location.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from a filename provided as a parameter, which is used to construct a file path in the 'data' directory.",
  "sinks": "The code reads from the file system based on user input; however, it does not write or transmit data outside the system or perform any network operations.",
  "flows": "The filename input (source) is used to construct a file path, which is then read; the content is printed and returned. There is no external data output or further processing involving untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not sanitize or validate the filename input beyond checking for existence, but it does not perform any risky operations like executing the content. The file path is constructed using os.path.join with __file__, reducing path traversal risk but not eliminating it entirely.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a file path using the provided filename and the script's directory, then checks if the file exists. If it does, it opens and reads the content, printing and returning it. The code operates solely within the file system and does not perform network operations, code execution, or data exfiltration. There are no hardcoded secrets, no malicious code, and no suspicious behavior. The function is straightforward and intended for displaying file contents, possibly for debugging or inspection. It relies on the filename provided, but no validation is performed beyond existence check. Overall, the code appears benign with no evident malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple file reader that displays contents of specified files within a 'data' directory. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided code snippet. There are no signs of supply chain attacks, malware, or malicious data handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}