{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and classes for data handling, logging, formatting, and processing financial data related to Yahoo Finance, including parsing quotes, actions, and formatting financial statements.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function arguments (e.g., data dictionaries, ISIN strings, financial data), external modules (requests, pandas, numpy, dateutil, etc.), and configuration variables. Notably, the get_all_by_isin function internally uses the Search class from a local module, which likely performs external network requests.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are network requests via the requests library, especially in get_all_by_isin, which performs data searches possibly involving external API calls. Other sinks include data processing functions that handle and manipulate data, but no direct writing to files, system commands, or network operations are evident within this code fragment.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters or external modules (e.g., get_all_by_isin retrieves data via network, then functions parse and process this data). The flow involves reading data (sources), processing or transforming it (via various functions), and potentially sending data over the network or external APIs (sinks). No explicit flow indicates malicious data exfiltration or injection; data is mainly processed locally or through standard network requests.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. The code contains detailed logging and formatting logic, with no evidence of obfuscated code or hidden backdoors. There is a function (get_all_by_isin) that imports a local Search class, which could perform network activity, but this appears to be a legitimate dependency for data retrieval. The presence of detailed logging, data processing, and formatting functions aligns with typical data utility modules. No suspicious code execution, hidden network activity, or backdoors are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily offers data parsing, formatting, and utility functions for financial data, with extensive logging and formatting features. The function get_all_by_isin involves external network requests via the Search class, but this is consistent with its purpose of fetching data from Yahoo Finance. No code segments exhibit malicious intent such as data exfiltration, code injection, or system sabotage. No obfuscated code, hidden dynamic execution, or suspicious behaviors are present. The functions are standard for data handling and formatting, and no malicious signals are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical utility module for Yahoo Finance data processing, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. Its network interactions are limited to data retrieval functions, which are legitimate in context. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are found. The code appears safe based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}