{
  "purpose": "This code provides various utility functions, classes, and modules for handling financial data, logging, string formatting, date/time parsing, and data merging, primarily for use within the yfinance library to fetch, process, and display market data and financial statements.",
  "sources": "Input sources include user input (e.g., ISIN strings), data from external APIs (e.g., Yahoo Finance via requests/session), and data structures passed as arguments such as dictionaries, dataframes, and JSON-like objects from Yahoo finance webpages.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests via requests session, data serialization/output (e.g., printing logs, generating tables), DataFrame manipulations, and potential data merges or conversions that could lead to data leaks if untrusted data is maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external sources like API responses or user inputs into data processing functions (e.g., parse_quotes, parse_actions, get_all_by_isin), then through functions that reformat, merge, or adjust data (e.g., format_annual_financial_statement, safe_merge_dfs), potentially leading to outputs such as logs, dataframes, or network requests.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or system disruptions are present. Some functions perform standard data parsing, formatting, and logging tasks. The use of requests is for fetching data, not malicious activity. There is proper validation for ISIN and timezone inputs. No suspicious file operations or external code injections observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of utility functions and classes supporting data processing, formatting, and logging for the yfinance package. It includes functions for validating inputs, parsing API responses, handling date/time conversions, and managing logs with indentation. No code appears to perform unauthorized actions such as system modification, data exfiltration, or network communication outside expected data retrieval. The requests module usage is standard for fetching market data. The logging and string formatting are typical. The functions handling data merging and time adjustments are for data consistency, not malicious manipulation. Overall, the code appears secure and well-structured with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard utility module supporting financial data retrieval, processing, and logging within yfinance. There are no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs legitimate tasks related to data handling, formatting, and logging, with proper validation and error handling. The malware score is low, and the security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}