{
  "purpose": "The code aims to perform sentiment analysis on movie reviews using a deep learning model, visualize results, and perform graph-based sentiment propagation and similarity analysis.",
  "sources": "Reads data from the IMDb dataset, loads models and tokenizers from files, extracts 'text' attributes from graph nodes, loads pre-trained Universal Sentence Encoder from TensorFlow Hub.",
  "sinks": "Predicts sentiment using the loaded model, saves models and tokenizers to disk, manipulates and updates graph node attributes, visualizes graphs with Matplotlib.",
  "flows": "Data flows from dataset loading to preprocessing, then to model training, evaluation, saving. During sentiment analysis, text data flows from graph nodes through tokenizer and model to produce sentiments. Embeddings are generated from texts for similarity calculation, which influence edge creation. Sentiments propagate based on neighbor attributes.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behavior, no hardcoded secrets, no dynamic code execution or obfuscated code. The code properly loads models and data, with standard machine learning procedures, and uses external libraries responsibly.",
  "analysis": "The code loads standard datasets and models, preprocesses text data, trains a sentiment classifier, and evaluates it. It saves models and tokenizers securely to disk, with appropriate handling. The sentiment analysis function extracts text from graph nodes, loads the trained model and tokenizer, and predicts sentiments without any apparent malicious behavior. The embedding-based similarity analysis and sentiment propagation are typical for such tasks. External dependencies (TensorFlow Hub, scikit-learn, seaborn, matplotlib) are used legitimately. There are no signs of code injection, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. The code's structure and usage of external libraries align with legitimate machine learning and graph analysis tasks, and there is no obfuscation or suspicious activity. Overall, the code appears to be a standard implementation for sentiment analysis and graph-based sentiment propagation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code performs sentiment analysis, visualization, and graph-based sentiment propagation securely and legitimately. No malicious or sabotage behavior is evident. It follows best practices in loading, processing, and saving models and data. The code is trustworthy with high confidence.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}