{
  "purpose": "The code sets up and manages a configurable model server supporting REST and gRPC interfaces, handling models registration, server startup, signal handling, and logging.",
  "sources": "Command-line arguments (via argparse), environment variables, imported modules, function parameters, and internal class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Signal handling (for shutdown), asynchronous server startup/shutdown, logging output, and model registration methods.",
  "flows": "User inputs via command-line → configuration parameters → server setup and start functions → signal handlers trigger shutdown → cleanup of models and server resources.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs. No obfuscated code, hidden network connections, or cryptic behavior detected. Use of external modules (FastAPI, asyncio) is standard for such applications.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement a typical, well-structured model server with flexible configuration, including logging, signal handling, and asynchronous operation. It uses standard Python and FastAPI practices. There are no evident signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. Signal handling and server control flow are straightforward, and the code does not access or transmit sensitive data beyond normal operational logs. The use of external libraries like FastAPI and asyncio is appropriate for the server context and does not introduce malicious risks. Overall, the code is consistent with common server implementation patterns and does not show indications of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a Python-based model server with configurable options. There are no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It properly manages server lifecycle, handles signals, and integrates logging and model registration securely. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}