{
  "purpose": "This setup.py script configures build, installation, testing, and packaging for the PyObjC framework, primarily utilizing environment variables, subprocess calls to system utilities, file reads for SDK and package info, and dynamic module imports for testing.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (e.g., CFLAGS), subprocess outputs (sw_vers, clang, xcrun), file reads (PKG-INFO, SDKSettings.plist), dynamic import of test modules, sys.path modifications.",
  "sinks": "File writes (build info, PKG-INFO), sys.path and sys.modules modifications during testing, subprocess calls to gather system info, dynamic test module loading.",
  "flows": "System info (macOS version, SDK version, clang version) flows into build info files; subprocess outputs influence build configuration; dynamic test modules are imported based on filesystem scans; environment variables influence compilation flags.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, no obfuscated code, no suspicious network activity or data exfiltration. Use of subprocess for system info is standard; dynamic module loading is typical for test frameworks. No malicious payloads or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs environment detection and configuration for building and testing PyObjC on macOS. It uses subprocess to query system information, reads configuration and package metadata files, and dynamically loads test modules. These are standard practices in build scripts. No suspicious or malicious behavior, obfuscation, or secrets are present. The subprocess calls are to legitimate system utilities and do not indicate malicious intent. The dynamic import of test modules is typical for test suites. The sys.path modifications are temporary and confined to testing phases. Overall, the script is a legitimate, transparent build and test setup with minimal security risk.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard, well-structured build and test configuration for PyObjC on macOS. It contains no malicious code, no obfuscation, and no security vulnerabilities. The use of subprocess calls and dynamic imports is typical and safe in this context. The security risk is minimal and justified by the environment's trusted nature.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}