{
  "purpose": "The code implements a DDSketch data structure for approximate quantile calculations with relative error guarantees. It is designed for efficient streaming data analysis and supports multiple variations with memory and accuracy trade-offs.",
  "sources": "The code reads input values when adding data through the 'add' method, which takes numerical values and weights. It also references external modules for mappings and store implementations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any explicit sinks that handle untrusted data directly. It performs internal computations and data merging without external data transmission or system calls.",
  "flows": "Input values flow through the 'add' method, being mapped to bins and stored in data structures. These stored values are used in 'get_quantile_value' to retrieve approximate quantile estimates. Merging sketches combines their internal states.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The code employs standard data structures and algorithms for quantile approximation. No obfuscated code or malicious logic detected. All external links are references to academic papers or documentation.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a probabilistic quantile sketch, utilizing logarithmic mapping and dense or collapsing store structures. It manages internal state securely, performs merging and statistical calculations correctly, and has no apparent data exfiltration, malicious behavior, or vulnerabilities. The code strictly focuses on approximate statistical computations and does not include network operations, system modifications, or external interactions beyond documentation links. There are no signs of hidden code, code injection, or data leakage mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a DDSketch data structure for approximate quantile computation, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It functions as intended for statistical analysis without exposing or leaking sensitive information or executing harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}