{
  "purpose": "The code manages dynamic loading of plugin modules, dependency extraction, caching, and metadata management for BBOT. It reads Python files, parses AST for module attributes, hashes code for change detection, and loads modules via importlib.",
  "sources": "Reads module files from filesystem, parses AST for class attributes, and loads modules dynamically using importlib.util.spec_from_file_location.",
  "sinks": "Dynamically executes module code during import, reads cache files with pickle, and accesses module attributes. No network or external data exfiltration observed.",
  "flows": "Reads Python files -> Parses AST -> Extracts metadata -> Hashes code -> Loads modules via importlib -> Caches data with pickle.",
  "anomalies": "Uses importlib to load modules from arbitrary file paths, which can execute malicious code if modules are untrusted. Uses pickle for cache serialization, which can be exploited if cache files are tampered with. No obfuscation or hardcoded secrets detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard plugin system that dynamically loads modules from filesystem paths, parses their AST to extract metadata, and caches information using pickle. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The main security concern is trust in external module files and cache integrity. The use of importlib and pickle is common but should be secured in production environments. The code does not exhibit signs of malicious activity or obfuscation, and the logic is straightforward.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate plugin loader with no evidence of malicious behavior. The low malware score (0) and obfuscation score (0) are justified. The risk score (0.2) reflects the inherent risk of executing external code and handling cache files, but no malicious intent is detected. Assuming trusted sources for modules, the overall security posture is acceptable.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}