{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to create and manage EMR Serverless applications and jobs on AWS, including creating applications, running jobs, and waiting for job completion.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration parameters, environment variables via boto3 sessions, and AWS API responses.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if sensitive data such as ARNs, IDs, or responses are improperly handled or logged. AWS credentials are managed by boto3 and are not explicitly handled here.",
  "flows": "Inputs such as application IDs, job parameters, and configuration data flow from user input through API calls to AWS, with responses parsed and possibly logged. Job status polling flows from AWS responses to the wait_job function which polls repeatedly until job completion.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code uses standard AWS SDK calls and does not include obfuscated or suspicious language features. Logging is set at debug level but only logs responses and states, not sensitive data. No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily uses standard AWS SDK calls via boto3, with functions to create applications and run jobs in EMR Serverless. Input parameters are passed directly into AWS API calls without manipulation or risky handling. The only logging occurs at debug level, which logs responses and states, but not sensitive information. The wait_job function polls AWS for job status and raises exceptions if the job fails. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are present. The overall flow is straightforward and aligned with typical SDK usage. No suspicious patterns, obfuscated code, or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for managing EMR Serverless applications and jobs on AWS. It does not contain any malicious behavior, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. The security risk is minimal, mainly related to the handling of AWS credentials by boto3 which is outside the scope of this code. The malware score is very low, and the security risk score indicates safe usage under normal circumstances.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}