{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface for the AWS Macie2 service, providing method signatures and documentation links for interacting with the service.",
  "sources": "Imports of standard libraries, third-party dependencies (botocore, typing_extensions), and type definition modules. No user input or untrusted data sources.",
  "sinks": "Method signatures that potentially handle untrusted data, such as Params and kwargs for AWS API calls, but these are standard API parameters. No data leaks, system modification, or external communication code is present.",
  "flows": "Method calls accept parameters (kwargs) for API operations, with no evidence of data flow leading to malicious actions. No dynamic code execution or external network interactions are embedded in this code snippet.",
  "anomalies": "The code consists mainly of type annotations, method signatures, and documentation links. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious logic are observed. Usage of overloads for paginator and waiter creation aligns with standard boto3 patterns. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or hidden functionalities detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a client class for the AWS Macie2 service with method signatures for API operations, including documentation links. It uses type annotations and overloads for paginators and waiters. All parts are standard and consistent with SDK client interface definitions. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. The presence of documentation and structured type hints suggests this is a well-structured SDK interface, not malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard SDK interface definition for AWS Macie2 with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It purely provides type annotations, method signatures, and documentation links, adhering to typical SDK patterns. The code is safe and does not pose security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}