{
  "purpose": "This code defines a type-annotated Python client class for AWS Macie2 service, providing method signatures for API operations and paginator/waiter creation. It serves as a stub for static type checking and IDE support.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from method parameters, type annotations, imported modules, and class properties. It also references external documentation URLs and internal module imports.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows could occur if user input is passed directly into methods like 'accept_invitation', 'create_*' functions, or 'update_*' functions without validation, but as this is a stub with method signatures, no actual data handling occurs here.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method input parameters (unpacked from type definitions) into API calls (the actual execution is not implemented here). No actual data processing is shown, only interface signatures.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a comprehensive, well-structured type stub with no suspicious or unusual logic. All imported modules and URLs are related to AWS SDK and type hints. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The presence of extensive method signatures and overloads is consistent with a generated client stub.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily serves as a static type stub for the AWS Macie2 client. It imports necessary modules, defines method signatures matching AWS SDK operations, overloads for paginator types, and exception handling classes. No executable logic, data processing, or external communication is implemented within these signatures. The URLs point to documentation, and the code structure is standard for stub files. There are no signs of malicious payloads, code injection, or hidden backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured type stub for AWS Macie2 client, with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. Its purpose is to provide type annotations for static analysis and IDE features, not to execute logic or handle untrusted data.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}