{
  "purpose": "The code implements a web-based dependency analysis tool for Python projects, visualizing module import relationships, with options to filter and inspect nodes.",
  "sources": "Reads project directory paths, entry point filenames, and user interactions such as button clicks and node selections.",
  "sinks": "Uses user-provided directory and filename inputs only for analysis; does not execute or evaluate untrusted data directly in sensitive functions. No network, file system modifications, or system commands are executed from untrusted data.",
  "flows": "User inputs trigger dependency graph construction; filtered parameters flow through analysis functions to generate node/edge elements for visualization; user interactions update selection state and download data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code structures detected. No obfuscated or suspicious language features. The only externally loaded resource is a favicon and a Google Fonts link, which are benign. No code injection or malicious payloads are present.",
  "analysis": "The code builds and visualizes a dependency graph of Python modules, filtering nodes by keywords, connection counts, and user selection, with options for exporting data. It includes custom styling, user interface controls, and client-side view fitting. All inputs are used solely for analysis purposes, with no execution or network activities that could be malicious. The only external resource is a favicon and a font stylesheet, both benign. No suspicious or malicious logic, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign visualization tool for Python dependency analysis. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or supply chain sabotage. The logic is straightforward, focusing on graph construction, filtering, and display, with no suspicious or harmful actions identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}