{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a web-based dependency analysis tool for Python projects, allowing users to visualize and filter module import relationships with interactive features.",
  "sources": "Reads project directory path, entry point file, and module base from user inputs; loads dependency graph data generated by build_dependency_graph; accesses filesystem to verify paths; reads input parameters for filters and layout.",
  "sinks": "Uses dependency graph data for visualization; generates downloadable CSV; manipulates cytoscape elements; does not write or execute untrusted code, nor send data externally.",
  "flows": "User inputs -> triggers dependency graph build and filtering -> updates cytoscape visualization and data table -> allows CSV download; no network or system command flows present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code observed. The only notable non-standard behavior is the use of `print` for error logs, which is common. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements an interactive dependency visualization dashboard with features for filtering, node selection, and data export. It relies on an external `build_dependency_graph` function to analyze project dependencies. All data handling and visualization logic appears standard for such tools. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as system compromise, data exfiltration, or covert network activity. The only external resource loaded is a font and a favicon for the web interface, which are benign. Error handling is done via printing exceptions, which is typical for debugging but not malicious. No hidden backdoors, cryptomining, or code injections are present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate, feature-rich visualization tool for Python dependency analysis. It does not contain malicious intent, malicious code, or security risks. The code appears safe and suitable for use as an open-source dependency visualization dashboard.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}