{
  "purpose": "A client interface for interacting with the Guardrails API, including guard management and validation functions.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (GUARDRAILS_BASE_URL, GUARDRAILS_API_KEY, OPENAI_API_KEY); User-provided parameters for base_url, api_key, openai_api_key.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to external API endpoints; network responses; JSON parsing of response lines; exception raising and logging.",
  "flows": "Input from environment variables or function parameters flows into API client configuration; data is sent via HTTP POST for validation; responses are processed and returned or exceptions raised.",
  "anomalies": "Use of environment variables for API keys and URLs is standard; no suspicious hardcoded secrets. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution observed. The code performs typical API client operations without evident malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up an API client with environment-configurable parameters, performs HTTP requests for validation, and processes responses. Sensitive data such as API keys and URLs are sourced from environment variables or parameters, which is common practice. Network communications involve standard HTTP POST requests with JSON payloads. The stream validation function opens a session and processes streamed responses, raising exceptions if errors are detected. No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration or backdoors are evident. The code does not include any obfuscated or dynamic malicious code. It adheres to typical API client design patterns with appropriate error handling and logging.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard API client implementation for a guardrails validation service. There are no signs of malicious intent or malware. It securely manages environment-based configuration and performs network operations responsibly. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}