{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement various list and shape manipulation functions, likely related to tensor or array processing, possibly for machine learning or data transformation tasks.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as 'shape', 'axes', 'before', 'after', 'QPEzOKugoHmyDsFlUxoemqDsJkcZatvk', and 'OQCDqPTeopHChkIPVlcPhrxgKJBNiVtQ'. These are used as shape dimensions, axes indices, or control parameters.",
  "sinks": "There are no apparent sinks that handle untrusted data leading to data leaks or harmful actions, such as network calls, file writes, or system commands. The code mainly performs list operations and calculations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into list comprehensions and shape manipulations, with calculations involving shape dimensions, indices, and factors. No external system interactions or data exfiltration paths are detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated variable names and some functions with seemingly arbitrary logic, but no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The reliance on external 'mlable.utils' functions may hide malicious activity if that library is compromised, but based solely on this code, no malicious behavior is apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated through non-descriptive variable names and functions that perform list transformations, shape modifications, and index manipulations typical in tensor operations. No signs of malicious behavior such as network access, data exfiltration, or system interference are present. The obfuscation might be intended to conceal complexity, but the logic appears consistent with legitimate tensor shape handling. There are no indications of hardcoded secrets or backdoors. The functions seem to serve shape and axis manipulation purposes, common in data processing pipelines.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the analysis, the code appears to be a set of utility functions for tensor or array shape transformations, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. The obfuscation is superficial, aimed at hiding complexity rather than malicious behavior. The external 'mlable.utils' import is a potential concern if compromised, but no malicious actions are evident within this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}