{
  "purpose": "The code appears to perform various list manipulations and mathematical operations, possibly related to tensor or array shape transformations, with no explicit high-level purpose discernible.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters, mainly 'shape', 'axes', 'before', 'after', and 'QPEzOKugoHmyDsFlUxoemqDsJkcZatvk'. It also imports 'mlable.utils' but only uses one function from it.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the usage of the imported 'mlable.utils.bclgyaMcyjCOqWvmIIHUEIlFtTFhAfoK', which is called with a slice of a list, but without further context on this function, its behavior is uncertain. No direct network or system interaction appears evident.",
  "flows": "The flow involves generating and modifying lists based on input shapes and axes, with transformations like multiplication, division, swapping elements, and inserting or popping list elements. No untrusted data flows to external systems or outputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated variable and function names, making intent less transparent. The 'mlable.utils' import with a single function call that is obscure suggests possible concealment, but no explicit malicious behavior is observable. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The use of modulo operations for index calculations appears to be legitimate array manipulations, but obfuscation could hide malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code predominantly manipulates lists and integers, often based on list shapes and axes, typical for tensor shape transformations. The use of obscure function and variable names indicates intentional obfuscation. The only external call is to 'mlable.utils.bclgyaMcyjCOqWvmIIHUEIlFtTFhAfoK', which is invoked with a list slice, but without knowing this function's implementation, its purpose remains unclear. No network activity, file system access, or system commands are present. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious payloads are detected. The overall structure suggests complex shape or tensor manipulation functions, with some obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily performs complex list and shape transformations with obfuscated identifiers. There is no clear evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or data exfiltration. The use of obfuscation and obscure external function calls warrants caution, but based solely on this code, it appears to be legitimate tensor shape utility code rather than malicious software.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}