{
  "purpose": "The code appears to manage webhooks and configuration for a service, including creating, updating, deleting, and retrieving webhooks via API requests.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters, class attributes, and external API responses (via requests). It also reads environment or object attributes such as owner, organization, client_id, client_secret.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent via HTTP requests to API endpoints using requests.get and requests.FanlldaqUZxxgUpXHneRkQkZLDemzqJh (likely a typo or obfuscated method). It processes API responses and raises exceptions on error messages.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and class attributes into API request payloads, and responses from these API calls flow back into the functions, which may raise exceptions or return data.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of obfuscated class names and method names, inconsistent method names (e.g., FanlldaqUZxxgUpXHneRkQkZLDemzqJh), and use of string formatting for API URLs. The method 'FanlldaqUZxxgUpXHneRkQkZLDemzqJh' appears to be an obfuscated or typoed version of requests.post or requests.request. Additionally, the code uses class attributes that may contain sensitive data, but no hardcoded credentials are directly visible.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two classes: one for object representation with methods for serialization and deserialization, and another for managing webhooks via HTTP API calls. The API interactions involve GET requests with parameters for managing webhooks, including listing, retrieving, adding, updating, and deleting webhooks. The code dynamically constructs URLs and JSON payloads, and raises exceptions if API responses indicate errors. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system damage. The obfuscated function names and class names suggest possible code obfuscation, but this is common in package code. No suspicious or malicious payloads or network behavior are detected beyond standard API interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The code manages webhook configurations through API calls, with no signs of malicious behavior. Obfuscated names are present but seem intended for code concealment rather than malicious activity. No hardcoded secrets or malicious network activities are evident. Overall, this appears to be a standard API client module with typical security risks limited to proper validation of API responses.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}