{
  "purpose": "This code is a static analysis plugin for flake8 that detects insecure or risky coding patterns such as eval(), exec(), os.system(), subprocess with shell=True, tempfile.mktemp(), unsafe yaml.load(), pickle/load, marshal/load, shelve.open, and unsafe os.chmod modes. It also flags import of pdb and debugging code.",
  "sources": "AST nodes representing function calls, import statements, and with statements where input or data is read or code patterns are checked.",
  "sinks": "Locations where untrusted data or code patterns could lead to security issues, such as eval(), exec(), os.system(), subprocess calls with shell=True, unsafe yaml.load(), pickle/load, marshal/load, and file permission modifications.",
  "flows": "From function call nodes (eval, exec, os.system, subprocess, yaml.load, pickle.load, marshal.load, shelve.open) and import nodes (pdb, tempfile.mktemp) to error flagging, indicating detection of insecure patterns.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. The code is straightforward and purpose-driven.",
  "analysis": "The code is a static analysis plugin that inspects Python AST nodes for insecure coding practices. It flags dangerous function calls, unsafe imports, and insecure file permission modifications. It does not perform any malicious actions or network activity. The code structure is clear, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. The detection logic is based on pattern matching AST nodes for known insecure functions and imports. No anomalies or suspicious behaviors are present. The plugin is designed to enforce security standards in Python codebases.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a security-focused static analysis plugin with no malicious behavior or obfuscation. It correctly flags insecure coding patterns and unsafe imports. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk score is very low (~0.1), reflecting its purpose as a security enforcement tool. The reports are accurate and consistent with the code's intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}