{
  "purpose": "This script provides a command-line interface for formatting SQL files according to specified options and configurations. Its purpose is to automate SQL formatting tasks for users working with dbt SQL files.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include command-line arguments (file paths, flags), environment variables (for configuration options), and stdin (implied but not explicitly handled in the provided code).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the output functions 'display_output' which display messages and possibly formatted SQL, and the 'exit' function which terminates the process with a specific code. No direct data leaks or unsafe executions are apparent.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs (file paths, environment variables) through configuration loading, then to 'api.run' for processing files, and finally to output functions and process termination. No untrusted data is seen to flow into dangerous system calls or external network connections.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are present. The code mainly handles CLI interactions, configuration, and reporting. There are no obfuscated code patterns, or unusual dynamic code execution. The 'show_welcome_message' only displays static ASCII art and instructions.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes command-line options, loads configuration, filters and matches files, and then calls an external 'api.run' for processing. It outputs reports and messages to the user. The functions and variables are standard, with no evidence of malicious behavior, network activity, or data theft. The only external interactions are with libraries for CLI handling and the 'api' module, which is assumed to be legitimate. The code lacks any suspicious or secretive patterns, hardcoded secrets, or unsafe operations. Overall, the script appears to be a legitimate CLI tool for SQL formatting without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard command-line interface for a SQL formatter utility with no indications of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It safely handles user input, configuration, and output, and does not include any suspicious or harmful code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}