{
  "purpose": "The script provides a command-line interface for formatting SQL files using sqlfmt, including options for configuration, preview, and help.",
  "sources": "The code reads user input from command-line options, environment variables, and file paths; specifically from click options and arguments, environment variables, and file system paths.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with the file system (loading and matching files), and calls external API functions for processing files and displaying reports. No direct data output or network connections are evident within this code snippet.",
  "flows": "Input data from command-line options and environment variables influence configuration. Files are matched and processed via API calls. The display functions output messages. No untrusted data flows directly to sensitive sinks like network or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The code appears to be a standard CLI implementation with straightforward control flow. No obfuscated code, malicious commands, or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports modules for file handling, CLI argument parsing, and internal API calls for formatting SQL files. It uses click decorators to define CLI options, which influence configuration and processing. The main function processes input files or shows a welcome message. External API functions are called for matching files, initializing progress bars, running formatting, and displaying reports. No code injection, malicious network activity, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The logic is centered on user interactions and file processing, with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard CLI tool for SQL formatting with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. It adheres to typical patterns for command-line utilities and uses well-defined APIs without any signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}