{
  "purpose": "Define and manage API functions, including registration, status tracking, and info retrieval, for a FastAPI-based application.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to methods (task_id, status, data), function definitions, class attributes, and data returned from functions.",
  "sinks": "JSONResponse outputs, jsonable_encoder calls, and data stored in status_store dictionary.",
  "flows": "Inputs to methods (e.g., task_id, status, data) are stored in memory or encoded/returned via JSONResponse. Functions registered via register_functions dynamically add routes; status info retrieved via get_task_status uses stored data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. Usage of dynamic function registration and data serialization appears standard. No code injection, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity detected. No use of eval, exec, or unsafe input handling observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a straightforward API function registration and status tracking system with in-memory storage. It uses FastAPI conventions correctly, and all data handling appears to be via serializable data structures. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or network calls to suspicious domains are present. No obfuscated or malicious code segments are identified. The only potential concern is that stored status data could be manipulated if external input is improperly validated elsewhere, but within this code, input handling is explicit and safe. Overall, the code appears benign and consistent with typical API management patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API management implementation with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It efficiently handles function registration and status tracking without any suspicious or malicious behavior. No malware, malicious code, or significant security threats are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}