{
  "purpose": "The code loads environment variables for configuration, performs validation on critical variables, and sets default values for various parameters related to Databricks tools.",
  "sources": "Environment variables such as DATABRICKSTOOLS_DATABRICKS_URL, DATABRICKSTOOLS_DATABRICKS_TOKEN, DATABRICKSTOOLS_LOG_LEVEL, and others.",
  "sinks": "The code does not process untrusted input into sensitive sinks; validation raises exceptions for missing critical variables but does not perform data leaks or network activity.",
  "flows": "Environment variables are read at the start; validation functions check for presence of critical variables; no data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks within this code.",
  "anomalies": "Minor typo in the error message: 'DATABRICKSTOOLS_DATABRIKCS_URL' instead of 'DATABRICKSTOOLS_DATABRICKS_URL'. Default placeholder strings for URLs and tokens are used, which could be misinterpreted if environment variables are not set, but are benign placeholders.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward configuration loader that reads environment variables, sets defaults, and validates the presence of critical variables. No suspicious patterns, obfuscation, or malicious code are present. The only minor issue is a typo in the error message, which does not impact functionality or security. The defaults are placeholders and do not contain secrets. The validation function raises errors if critical variables are missing, which is standard practice. No network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection is evident. The malware score is 0, as there are no malicious behaviors. The security risk score is very low (~0.1-0.2), primarily due to placeholder defaults and the typo, but no actual vulnerabilities are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign configuration setup for environment variables with validation. It contains no malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The minor typo and use of placeholders are non-critical issues. Overall, the code is safe and aligns with standard practices.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}