{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions and classes to manage cookies within the requests library, including cookie extraction, header management, and a dict-like interface for cookie jars.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from request objects (e.g., request URL, headers, cookies), response objects (headers), and cookie jar instances.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous if untrusted data influences cookie headers, cookie creation, or cookie removal. Also, creating cookies or merging cookies could be misused if inputs are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Input request or response headers → parsing and extraction (e.g., extract_cookies_to_jar) → cookie creation or modification (create_cookie, set, update) → cookie retrieval or removal (get_cookie_header, remove_cookie_by_name) → cookie jar manipulation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. Usage of threading.RLock for thread safety is standard. No obfuscation or malicious obfuscated code detected. The code maintains a standard structure for cookie management.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of cookie management functionalities compatible with the requests library, wrapping standard library classes and providing dictionary-like access. It includes functions to extract cookies from responses, create cookies, convert morsels, and merge cookies. The classes and functions are consistent with standard practices, and there are no signs of malicious behavior such as code injection, data exfiltration, or unauthorized system access. All data flows involve cookie handling, which is expected for such utilities. No suspicious patterns or behaviors are present that could indicate sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured utility for managing cookies in the requests library. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. The functions and classes serve legitimate purposes related to cookie handling, with no suspicious or harmful operations detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}