{
  "purpose": "The code processes video annotation results to extract key frames and generate interpolated frames between keyframes, primarily for visualization or further analysis.",
  "sources": "Input parameter 'results' in 'extract_key_frames' function, 'result' objects, 'sequence' data, and frame details within '_construct_result_from_frames'.",
  "sinks": "Data manipulations and extensions within 'final_results' and 'temp' objects, especially the extension of 'sequence' and creation of interpolated frames.",
  "flows": "Input 'results' -> processing of 'sequence' data -> generating frames with '_construct_result_from_frames' -> appending processed data to 'final_results'.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual behavior detected. The code appears straightforward and intended for data processing.",
  "analysis": "The script reads annotation data structures, processes sequences of frames, and interpolates between keyframes to generate intermediate frames. The functions use deep copies to avoid side effects, and sorting is performed on frames to maintain order. The interpolation logic computes delta values for position, size, rotation, and time, and generates frames accordingly. No external data sources, network calls, or potentially malicious activities are present. The code does not handle or manipulate environment variables insecurely, nor does it contain code injection points. All operations are confined to data processing within the context of video frame annotation. There are no indications of malicious intent or sabotage in the logic or implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward data processing module for extracting and interpolating video frames based on annotation results. It exhibits no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate utility function with no suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}