{
  "purpose": "This module provides an extended wrapper around the requests library to include custom validation, secure mounting, and additional request methods for HTTP interactions.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as URLs, request data, headers, cookies, and environment variables (if used elsewhere in application).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (via requests library), data serialization with pickle, and hashlib for hashing.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (e.g., URLs, request data) flows into request functions and is used in network requests; pickle can deserialize data potentially from untrusted sources; hashlib is used for hashing internal state or objects.",
  "anomalies": "Use of pickle for serialization/deserialization can be risky if untrusted data is deserialized. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors. The code disables mount() to prevent bypass, which could be considered security-focused. No obfuscated code detected. The wrapping of the requests library with custom validators is typical, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly extends the requests library with custom session management and request methods, adding validation via a custom Session class. It uses pickle for serialization, which is potentially risky if used with untrusted data, but within this code snippet, no such usage is evident. The code disables the ability to call 'mount()' directly to prevent bypass, indicating an emphasis on security. No hardcoded secrets or malicious behaviors are detected. Use of hashlib is limited to generating a hash for internal class management, not for security-sensitive operations. The overall structure is consistent with a secure extension of a network request library.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate extension of the requests library with added security measures, notably restricting direct mounting of adapters. No malicious intent or behavior is evident. The use of pickle warrants caution but is not inherently malicious within this context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}