{
  "purpose": "This module provides decorators for modifying function signatures, such as marking parameters as keyword-only or positional-only, and annotating parameters, to enhance function signature flexibility without using Python 3 syntax.",
  "sources": "The code reads function objects, their signatures, parameter definitions, and annotations. It also accesses ASTs of functions for signature processing.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with function signatures and parameters, and modifies function __signature__ attributes. No direct sinks for untrusted data or network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Function objects are processed to modify signatures; decorators return partially applied or wrapped functions that enforce signature modifications. No data flows to external systems or network.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code primarily manipulates function signatures and annotations using standard Python introspection and decoration techniques. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or malicious payloads are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of decorators and helper classes for modifying function signatures and annotations in Python. It uses standard modules such as functools and custom internal modules for signature manipulation. It defines functions to mark parameters as keyword-only or positional-only, with options for automatic conversion based on defaults or parameter positions. The code performs no network communication, system modification, or data exfiltration. The logic is consistent with signature processing and is free from suspicious or malicious patterns. It leverages standard Python features and careful signature management without dangerous behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a well-structured, standard implementation of function signature decorators for Python, with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It solely manipulates function signatures and annotations for better code semantics. Therefore, it is safe to consider this code benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}