{
  "purpose": "The code provides decorators and utilities for modifying Python function signatures, such as marking parameters as keyword-only or positional-only, and annotating functions without using Python 3 syntax.",
  "sources": "The code reads function objects, their signatures, and ASTs via imports from internal modules (_util, _specifiers, _signatures). It also accesses function parameters and signatures through forged_signature.",
  "sinks": "The code calls user-defined functions (func) with modified arguments; it manipulates function signatures and annotations but does not perform external data transmission or resource access.",
  "flows": "Input source: Function objects and their signatures/ASTs -> Modifies or wraps functions via decorators -> Calls the original or wrapped functions with altered arguments or signatures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns. No code injection, network access, or file operations observed. The code is well-structured and uses standard libraries and internal modules for signature manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides signature-modifying decorators for functions, such as kwoargs, posoargs, autokwoargs, and annotate, using internal modules to forge and manipulate signatures. It includes safeguards against conflicting parameter markings and ensures correct signature transformations. There is no evidence of malicious behavior like data exfiltration, backdoors, or system disruption. No obfuscation or obfuscated constructs are present. The only complexity involves internal signature handling, which appears legitimate and safe. The code does not perform external network or system calls, nor does it handle sensitive data.",
  "conclusion": "This module is a standard signature manipulation utility library with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It safely provides decorators for modifying function signatures and annotations, adhering to common Python practices. No malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}