{
  "purpose": "This module provides decorators and utilities for modifying function signatures, including marking parameters as keyword-only or positional-only, annotating parameters, and auto-converting default parameters to keyword-only. Its purpose is to enhance function signature manipulation for Python code.",
  "sources": "The code reads function objects, their signatures, and AST representations (via _util.get_ast). It also reads decorator arguments and function parameter metadata.",
  "sinks": "The code can modify function signatures and signatures are assigned back to functions via __signature__. It does not directly process untrusted input data or write to external resources. No data leaks or insecure data handling are evident.",
  "flows": "Source: Function objects and decorator arguments → Internal signature processing and modifications → Sink: Assigning modified signatures back to functions",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors are observed. The code primarily performs signature modifications, argument handling, and decorator logic without any hidden code, obfuscation, or malicious data handling.",
  "analysis": "The code defines decorators and classes to modify function signatures, including marking parameters as keyword-only or positional-only, and annotating parameters. It uses safe Python features like functools.partial and standard signature manipulation via custom '_specifiers' and '_signatures'. The module imports and utilizes only standard libraries and internal safe utility modules. No code injection, network activity, or data exfiltration is present. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. All operations relate to signature transformations, which are safe and intended for API enhancement. The functions include thorough validation and error handling, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a utility module for manipulating Python function signatures. It performs safe, standard signature adjustments, annotations, and argument re-mapping without any malicious or suspicious behavior. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling. Overall, the code is secure and intended for legitimate enhancement of Python function signatures.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}