{
  "purpose": "This script provides a command-line interface for configuring and logging into a service called 'pygwalker'. It manages configuration files and user authentication via kanaries token.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from command-line arguments using argparse; specifically, the commands '--set', '--reset', '--reset-all', '--list' for configuration, and user interaction for login.",
  "sinks": "The configuration values are passed to set_config(), reset_config(), and reset_all_config(), which are imported functions. The kanaries_login() function is invoked during login. These functions are external; their internal implementations are not provided.",
  "flows": "User inputs via command-line arguments are parsed and then passed to functions that modify configurations or initiate login procedures. Data flows from user input to external functions handling configurations and login.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present in this code. The functions imported (set_config, reset_config, reset_all_config, get_all_config_str, kanaries_login) are external; their implementations could contain malicious code, but based solely on this code, no suspicious or malicious code patterns are observed. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a straightforward command-line interface using argparse to handle configuration management and login processes. It delegates actual logic to imported functions, which are not visible here. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network calls, code injection, or data exfiltration within this code snippet. No hardcoded secrets or unusual code patterns are detected. The code structure is clear and standard.",
  "conclusion": "Based solely on this code snippet, there are no indications of malicious intent or security risks. The code performs command-line parsing and calls external functions for configuration and login, which are common and appear benign. The security of the overall package depends on the implementation of the imported functions, which cannot be assessed here.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}