{
  "purpose": "The code extends and customizes the 'commission.settlement' and related models in Odoo for managing commissions and invoices, including invoice creation, cancellation, and related computations.",
  "sources": "User input via Odoo environment and database queries such as self.filtered(), self.env, and fields like self.env['res.lang'].search, and data retrieved from related models like invoice lines and partner info.",
  "sinks": "Invoice creation and modification through self.env['account.move'].create(), data updates via self.write(), and method calls such as action_switch_move_type().",
  "flows": "Input data from user actions or database reads flows into methods like _prepare_invoice() and make_invoices() which generate invoice records. Data from invoice lines and related models flow into computations and invoice creation. Invoices are created and modified, and settlement states are updated accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns such as dynamic execution, encoding, or misleading variables. The code performs standard business logic functions without malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages the lifecycle of commission settlements and invoice creation within Odoo. It uses standard Odoo ORM methods, field dependencies, and filtering. The functions are designed for typical business operations: computing invoices, handling state transitions, and enforcing constraints such as preventing deletion of invoiced records. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident. The data flow appears consistent with normal functionality. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. External communication or data exfiltration mechanisms are absent. The logic follows standard patterns and does not attempt obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate extension of Odoo's commission and invoicing modules, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It implements typical business logic securely and responsibly.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}