{
  "purpose": "Extend and manage commission settlement and invoicing functionalities within an Odoo module, including creating, canceling, and deleting settlements, and generating invoices.",
  "sources": "User inputs via method calls, environment context, data from related models (e.g., invoice lines, partner info), and data from external models like account.move.",
  "sinks": "Methods that modify data (write, unlink), create new records (create), or trigger actions (action_switch_move_type), which could affect system state or data integrity.",
  "flows": "Input data from user actions or related models flows through methods like _prepare_invoice and make_invoices, resulting in record creation or updates, and invoking actions that change the system state.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures. Use of groupby for invoice grouping is standard. The code properly filters and checks states before operations, with no obvious obfuscation or hidden logic.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily extends standard Odoo models for commission settlement management. It includes methods for computing invoice IDs, canceling, drafting, deleting, and creating invoices. The use of environment context, filtered queries, and controlled record modifications aligns with standard practices. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors are present. The code correctly handles state checks before destructive operations, and no malicious payloads or suspicious data flows are detected. Overall, it appears to be standard, well-structured application code with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs typical business logic for managing commissions and invoicing within an Odoo module. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It follows standard patterns and does not contain any suspicious or malicious signals. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}