{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Python-based linter tool for CMake files, specifically checking for style, formatting, and best practices in CMake scripts.",
  "sources": "User-supplied filenames for CMake files, reading lines from files, environment variables for config directory, command line options for filters and settings.",
  "sinks": "Error reporting functions that print to stdout/stderr; reading configuration files from environment variables; file reading operations.",
  "flows": "File paths and contents flow from disk into the program; input parameters (command-line args, environment variables) influence behavior; errors and warnings are output via print statements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity present. The code does contain some potentially unnecessary or redundant regex patterns, but nothing malicious. No obfuscated code or code that executes untrusted input dynamically.",
  "analysis": "The code functions solely as a style and syntax checker for CMake files. It reads files, parses lines, applies regex-based checks, and reports issues. It does not include any network communication, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious payloads. The configuration reading and command-line options are standard for a linter tool. There are no indications of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The code is well-structured, with clear separation of concerns, and does not perform unsafe operations such as executing untrusted input or modifying system files. The regex patterns are used for code style checks, not obfuscation or malicious purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate CMake file linter with no malicious intent or malicious behavior. It reads files, analyzes them for style issues, and reports errors. There are no signs of malware or supply chain attacks. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}