{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for formatting and displaying tracebacks, exception information, and call stacks in Python, with support for different environments (including IPython) and customization options.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from sys.exc_info(), sys._getframe(), sys._current_frames(), threading.Thread objects, and user-provided arguments for formatting.",
  "sinks": "The formatted traceback strings are output to files or standard output/error streams. There are no untrusted data sinks that could lead to data leaks or code execution directly from the provided code.",
  "flows": "Input sources such as exceptions, frames, or threads are processed through formatting functions, which generate strings that are then printed or returned. There are no evident flows from untrusted input to critical sinks, nor are there dynamic code execution points.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are present. The functions primarily wrap existing traceback and frame inspection utilities, with standard environment checks and optional IPython integration. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically provides enhanced traceback formatting and display, supporting different environments and customizable output. It interacts with standard Python traceback and threading modules, and modifies IPython's traceback handler when applicable. All operations appear standard and safe. No obfuscation, hidden backdoors, or malicious intent are evident. The code's purpose aligns with diagnostic and debugging utilities, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "This module is a set of debugging and traceback utilities with no malicious code, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. It mainly wraps existing Python traceback functionality, offering additional formatting options. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}