{
  "purpose": "The code implements a sentence splitter that processes text to divide it into sentences using heuristics and configurable non-breaking prefixes.",
  "sources": "Reads input text in the 'split' method and loads non-breaking prefix data from a file specified by 'non_breaking_prefix_file' during initialization.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any clear sinks where untrusted data directly leads to data leaks or security effects, such as network or file output beyond reading input files.",
  "flows": "Input text flows into the 'split' method, which processes it and outputs a list of sentences; non-breaking prefix data is read during object initialization from a file, affecting sentence splitting logic.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code primarily performs text processing with regex operations and file reading. The regex patterns are complex but seem aimed at sentence boundary detection.",
  "analysis": "The code securely reads a specified non-breaking prefix file, avoiding execution of external code or command injection. The regex operations are used for pattern matching within the text for sentence boundary detection, with no execution of untrusted input or code. File handling is standard, and no network or system calls are present. The only external data source is the prefix file, which is read from the filesystem, not from untrusted sources at runtime. There is no evidence of malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The structure adheres to normal text processing logic, and no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard sentence splitting utility with proper input validation for language codes and safe file handling. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It performs regex-based text processing without executing or transmitting data externally. Overall, it is safe from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}