{
  "purpose": "The code implements a sentence splitting utility that processes text input to identify sentence boundaries based on heuristics and language-specific prefixes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input text in the 'split' method, reads from non-breaking prefix files during initialization, and loads prefix data line-by-line from specified files.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks such as network connections, system modifications, or data exfiltration are present in the code.",
  "flows": "Input text flows into the 'split' method; during initialization, the code reads prefix files; within 'split', regex substitutions process the text to identify sentence boundaries; no external data flows from or to untrusted sources outside file reads and function parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior detected. The file handling appears standard, with appropriate checks for file existence. The regex patterns are complex but consistent with sentence segmentation heuristics. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or backdoors are present. The code does not perform any network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code is a heuristic-based sentence splitter relying on prefix files and regex patterns for punctuation-based sentence boundary detection. It reads prefix data from external files, validates language codes, and processes text input for sentence segmentation. All file operations include existence checks, and no malicious or suspicious code behaviors are evident. The use of regex appears safe and consistent with sentence parsing tasks. No external or untrusted data sources are used beyond input parameters and local files. There are no signs of obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious behaviors such as network communication or data theft.",
  "conclusion": "This package appears to be a legitimate sentence splitting utility with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs standard file I/O, regex processing, and string manipulations without any suspicious activities. Overall, the code seems safe and free from malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}