{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for dynamic import, header value extraction, and parsing X-Forwarded-For headers in HTTP requests.",
  "sources": "Headers input (either twisted.web.http_headers.Headers object or dict), header name strings, header values.",
  "sinks": "Return values from header_value, parsed address and scheme in parse_x_forwarded_for, dynamic import via importlib.import_module and getattr.",
  "flows": "Headers are processed and normalized; header values influence return data; import_by_path dynamically imports modules/attributes based on string paths.",
  "anomalies": "Use of importlib.import_module() and getattr() with untrusted input could lead to code execution if input is malicious; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides standard utility functions for header processing and dynamic import. Header data is normalized and decoded; import_by_path performs dynamic import based on string paths. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The main security concern is the potential misuse of import_by_path with untrusted input, which could lead to remote code execution if exploited. The header parsing functions are straightforward and safe. The code's overall behavior is benign, serving request handling purposes. The assigned malware score is 0, as no malicious payloads are detected. Obfuscation score is 0, given code clarity. The security risk score should reflect the potential danger of dynamic import if input is untrusted; a moderate score around 0.3 is appropriate, considering the risk but absence of actual malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility module for header processing and dynamic import, with no signs of malware or obfuscation. The primary security concern is the potential misuse of dynamic import with untrusted input, which could be exploited to execute arbitrary code. The overall security posture is low risk, but caution should be exercised when using import_by_path with unvalidated data.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}