{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for dynamic importing, header processing, and parsing 'X-Forwarded-For' headers in web requests, primarily for request handling and data extraction.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, specifically headers (possibly from external HTTP requests) and string paths for dynamic import.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly write untrusted data to sensitive sinks, but it processes headers that could contain maliciously crafted data, and performs dynamic imports which could be exploited if the input is malicious.",
  "flows": "Input headers are parsed and transformed into a normalized form, with the header values used for extracting host and port information. Dynamic import paths are evaluated from string input, potentially executing arbitrary code if the path is controlled by an attacker.",
  "anomalies": "The dynamic import function 'import_by_path' allows importing modules and attributes based on string input, which if not sanitized, could lead to code execution. The headers are processed without validation or sanitization, but the code appears to handle standard header parsing safely. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code includes a function for dynamic import based on a string path, which could be dangerous if user-controlled input is passed directly to it, potentially leading to code execution. Header processing functions convert header names to lowercase bytes and parse values for host, port, and protocol info, which is standard. There are no signs of malicious behavior like data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors. The header value parsing is straightforward, and there are no suspicious network or file operations. The code does not appear obfuscated or malicious, but the dynamic import capability warrants caution if used with untrusted input.",
  "conclusion": "Overall, the code performs standard web request header parsing and dynamic module importing. The dynamic import feature could be a security risk if exposed to untrusted input, potentially leading to code execution. No malicious intent or malware patterns are evident. The code seems intended for legitimate request handling purposes, with a moderate risk associated with dynamic imports.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 5
}