{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for dynamic importing of objects, extracting header values, and parsing the X-Forwarded-For header from HTTP request headers.",
  "sources": "The code reads header data from a headers object, user input for the import path string.",
  "sinks": "Potentially malicious data flow could occur if headers are manipulated or contain malicious data, influencing how addresses and schemes are parsed.",
  "flows": "Headers are processed to extract IP addresses, ports, and protocols; data from headers flows into variables used for network configurations.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs an assertion that header names are bytes, which could cause crashes if headers are malformed. The import_by_path function allows dynamic importing based on user input, which can be dangerous if not validated, but no malicious behavior is evident here. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The headers are parsed without sanitization, but no malicious payloads are directly evident.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly handles parsing of HTTP headers and dynamic importing of objects. The header parsing functions process header data and convert it to appropriate types. The import_by_path function can load arbitrary modules and objects, which could be risky if used improperly; however, it does not perform malicious actions itself. Header values are decoded and split safely; no injection vulnerabilities are evident. The use of regex and dynamic import is standard and does not show malicious intent. No signs of malware, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The code could cause runtime errors if headers are malformed, but these are not malicious. Overall, the code appears standard with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily utility functions for header parsing and dynamic import, with no evidence of malicious activity or sabotage. The dynamic import function warrants caution in use but is not inherently malicious. The header parsing logic is standard and does not pose security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}