{
  "purpose": "The code provides a library of functions and classes for performing 3D geometric transformations, including rotations, translations, scalings, shears, projections, and matrix decompositions, primarily for use in graphics, modeling, or scientific computations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data mainly from function arguments such as vectors, matrices, and parameters provided to transformation functions. External data inputs are processed through function parameters, with no direct external input streams or network-based data reading.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any explicit data sinks such as network transmissions, file writes, or system modifications. It performs calculations and returns matrices, vectors, or arrays, but does not perform actions like system calls, network communication, or data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function inputs (e.g., vectors, matrices, angles) through computational steps involving NumPy operations, eigenvalue computations, and matrix manipulations, ultimately returning transformation matrices or vectors. There are no source-to-sink malicious data flows or external data exfiltration pathways.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a comprehensive mathematical library for 3D transformations. There are no unusual code constructs, such as dynamic code execution (eval, exec), obfuscated code segments, or hidden backdoors. The only dynamic import attempts are from local modules, which are commented out or named generically, but they are standard for a modular Python library. The import of '_transformations' is conditional and uses a standard dynamic import pattern.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of well-structured functions and classes implementing mathematical operations related to 3D transformations. It includes eigenvalue calculations, quaternion manipulations, and matrix decompositions, all of which are standard in graphics and scientific computing. No code sections perform network communication, file access, or system modifications. The only potentially suspicious part is the dynamic import via '_import_module', which attempts to load a local or related module '_transformations' if available, but this is a common pattern for modular libraries. Overall, there is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage in the logic or structure. The code is mainly mathematical and visualization-related with no direct security threats.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a mathematical library for 3D transformations, with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It performs standard computations related to graphics and modeling. The only dynamic import is a typical pattern for extending or modularizing code, not a malicious feature. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}