{
  "purpose": "The code extends Django ORM to support inheritance, soft deletion, and advanced joining capabilities, primarily by manipulating querysets and executing raw SQL for joins.",
  "sources": "Model metadata (table names, fields), query parameters, method inputs, ORM method calls, related object attributes.",
  "sinks": "Execution of raw SQL via connection.cursor(), ORM query modifications, dynamic SQL string formatting.",
  "flows": "Data from model meta and ORM methods flow into dynamically constructed SQL statements, especially in the join method, which executes raw SQL commands.",
  "anomalies": "Use of string formatting to build raw SQL queries in the join method, which could be risky if model or field names are influenced externally; no obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of Django ORM extensions that handle inheritance, soft deletion, and complex joins. The join method constructs raw SQL with model metadata, which is generally safe as these are controlled by the application. No malicious activities, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The primary security concern is the dynamic SQL construction via string formatting, which could be exploited if model or field names are manipulated externally. However, in typical Django usage, these names are controlled and not influenced by user input. The malware and obfuscated scores are correctly set to 0. The risk score, reflecting potential SQL injection, is appropriately moderate (~0.2-0.3). Overall, the code appears legitimate and intended for ORM extension, with caution advised in environments where model names could be externally influenced.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Django ORM extension with no malicious intent. The main concern is the use of raw SQL with string formatting in the join method, which should be used cautiously. The scores assigned are appropriate and consistent with the analysis. No evidence of malware or sabotage is present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}