{
  "purpose": "Get an Unicast IEEE 802 MAC-48 address from local interfaces or remote hosts, supporting multiple platforms and methods.",
  "sources": "System files (/proc/net/arp, /sys/class/net/*/address), command outputs (arp, ip, ifconfig, netstat, wmic, etc.), network requests (UDP packets, DNS resolution), Windows API calls (SendARP), socket operations.",
  "sinks": "Execution of system commands with user-controlled arguments, socket communication, Windows API functions, file reads, subprocess calls.",
  "flows": "User inputs (interface names, IP addresses, hostnames) flow into command construction, subprocess execution, or API calls; network requests are triggered based on inputs; outputs parsed via regex or API responses.",
  "anomalies": "Construction of command strings with user inputs without explicit sanitization, potential command injection risk in subprocess calls; no obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code employs multiple platform-specific methods to retrieve MAC addresses, including system files, commands, socket operations, and Windows APIs. While generally legitimate and well-structured, some subprocess calls incorporate user inputs directly into command strings (e.g., 'arp -a %s' % arg), which could lead to command injection if inputs are malicious. The code does not appear to sanitize or escape inputs explicitly, representing a potential security concern. No obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious behavior are evident. The use of ctypes and network operations are standard for such utilities. Overall, the code is a comprehensive, multi-platform MAC address retrieval utility with a low likelihood of malicious intent but with some unsafe command construction practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a legitimate, multi-platform utility for MAC address retrieval. The main security concern is the unsafe handling of user inputs in subprocess command strings, which could be exploited for command injection if inputs are malicious. No signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or sabotage are present. The malware score is 0.1, reflecting the command injection potential but no malicious code. The obfuscation score is 0.0. The security risk score is approximately 0.2, mainly due to unsafe command string construction practices that can be mitigated by input sanitization.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}