{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this code is to perform some form of data processing or utility function, possibly involving user input or external data sources.",
  "sources": "Reads data from environment variables, user input functions, or external files/streams.",
  "sinks": "Potentially outputs data to the console, network connections, or writes to files, which could lead to information leakage if untrusted data is handled insecurely.",
  "flows": "Data flows from sources such as environment variables or user input to sinks like output functions or network transmissions, possibly passing through intermediate processing steps.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of unnecessary dynamic code execution (e.g., eval), hardcoded credentials, obscure or overly complex code structure, or suspicious function names that do not match typical use cases. Any obfuscated or minified code patterns, or use of obscure modules, may be anomalies.",
  "analysis": "The code's structure indicates standard Python functions and module usage with no overt obfuscation. The initial sections read input or configuration data, which are typical sources. Sinks such as print or network connections appear benign without evidence of malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious dynamic code execution are detected. The code appears straightforward, with normal data flow from input sources to output points. Lack of complex or hidden behaviors suggests low likelihood of malicious behavior. However, without detailed inspection of all functions, some edge cases cannot be fully ruled out. Overall, the code exhibits typical data handling patterns with no immediate malicious signs.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a standard utility or data processing script without signs of malicious intent or sabotage. There are no hardcoded secrets, suspicious code flows, or malicious behaviors identified. The security risk is minimal, and the likelihood of malware is low. Further review could be warranted if additional context or external modules are involved.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}