{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom widget classes for rendering various form inputs, including date pickers, text fields, password fields, and select boxes with AJAX support, primarily for use with Flask-WTF forms.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from form fields (e.g., field.data, field.id, field.name, field.label), and class initializers receive parameters such as endpoint URLs, style strings, and master IDs.",
  "sinks": "The code generates HTML markup via Markup and html_params, inserting form data and attributes into templates. It also sets data attributes and class attributes in HTML tags.",
  "flows": "Data flows from form fields and class parameters into HTML templates, which are rendered as safe HTML markup for web pages. User input (field.data) is incorporated into the HTML attributes and input values.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious URLs, or malicious code constructs are evident. The code primarily generates form widgets. There is no use of eval, exec, or dynamic code execution. No network activity, reverse shells, or data exfiltration code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides custom form widgets for rendering date pickers, text fields, password fields, and select boxes with AJAX. It securely renders user-provided data into HTML via Flask's Markup and html_params, which sanitize the output. There is no indication of obfuscated code, malicious payloads, or hidden backdoors. All class parameters and data handling appear standard and intended for UI rendering. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as network calls, data theft, or unauthorized system access are present. Overall, the code appears to be straightforward widget rendering logic with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of form widget classes for rendering date pickers, text inputs, password inputs, and AJAX-enabled select boxes. It does not contain any malicious code, suspicious behaviors, or security risks. It appears safe and appropriate for inclusion in web applications.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}