{
  "purpose": "This code implements an HTTP request handler with detailed logging and masking of sensitive data, serving as a utility for security auditing, debugging, or proxy functions.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from request parameters, headers, cookies, request data, request JSON, and files specified in request data.",
  "sinks": "Logs request and response headers, cookies, data, and response details; potentially exposes sensitive information if logs are accessed improperly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from request inputs through masking functions into logs and request handling functions; response data is processed and logged similarly.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation of class and method names, external constants, and extensive logging of sensitive info. Use of indirect variable names and external constants without full context.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated, with nonsensical class and method names, and handles HTTP requests, responses, and logging with masking. No explicit malicious network activity, code injection, or backdoors are evident. The extensive logging and masking could be misused to conceal malicious activity or leak sensitive data, but no such activity is directly observed. The obfuscation raises suspicion but may be stylistic or proprietary. The code appears to be a utility for monitoring or proxying HTTP interactions, with potential privacy implications due to logging. External constants and functions are not provided, limiting full assessment but not indicating malicious intent. The overall structure suggests a security-focused utility rather than malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a request/response logging and masking utility, likely used for security auditing or debugging. Despite heavy obfuscation and extensive logging, there is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The primary concern is potential data exposure through logs and concealment tactics, which warrants caution but does not constitute malicious activity. The overall security risk is moderate, mainly due to obfuscation and sensitive data handling, but the malware score remains at 0. The code should be monitored further if integrated into larger systems, especially regarding external inputs and logging practices.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}