{
  "purpose": "This code provides a mocking framework for testing, including patching, spying, and assertions, primarily for use with pytest and unittest.mock in Python.",
  "sources": "Imports modules such as asyncio, builtins, functools, inspect, unittest.mock, warnings, and various typing modules. Reads data from function parameters, class attributes, and external modules (get_mock_module, parse_ini_boolean).",
  "sinks": "Uses mock.patch, mock.Mock, mock.AsyncMock, and related methods to replace or monitor objects. No direct sinks involving untrusted input or external data outputs are observed. Assertion wrappers modify exception messages for test assertions.",
  "flows": "Initializations and mock creations (create_autospec, stub, async_stub) create mocks that can be used to replace functions or objects. Wrappers and patchers are used to temporarily modify code behavior during tests. Assertion wrappers enhance exception messages but do not alter program flow or data handling.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior, hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code structure is typical for a testing/mocking utility. The wrapping of assertion methods with custom error messaging is a standard testing enhancement, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes and functions for managing mocks, including caching, patching, spying, and assertions. It provides fixtures for pytest, allowing automatic cleanup of patches. The code uses standard practices for mocking and test assertions. No obfuscated language features or dynamic code execution that could indicate malicious intent are present. All imported modules are standard or well-known testing utilities. The code's purpose is solely to facilitate testing and does not perform any network I/O, data exfiltration, or system modification. The wrapping of assertion methods improves error reporting but does not affect system security or integrity.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate mocking and testing utility with no evidence of malicious behavior. It focuses on improving test assertions and managing mocks in pytest environments. No supply chain or security risks are apparent within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}