{
  "purpose": "This code provides various plotting and data analysis functions for visualizing and analyzing proteomics data within a larger reporting framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from Qtable instances via methods like get_data(), make_sample_table(), get_experiments(), get_samples(), and get_design(). It also reads configuration from imported modules and constants, as well as data passed as parameters.",
  "sinks": "Generated figures are returned for display or saving; no direct data sinks like network or file writes are present in this code. No evident sink points for untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Data flows from Qtable methods to plotting functions, where data is manipulated, transformed (including log transforms, normalization), and visualized. User inputs (e.g., experiment names, comparison pairs) are used to generate plots but are not directly executed as code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code constructs. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior such as network connections, file manipulation, or code execution observed. Usage of standard plotting libraries and data processing routines appears benign.",
  "analysis": "The code consists mainly of data visualization functions that operate on proteomics data stored within Qtable objects. These functions perform typical data transformations, plotting, clustering, and statistical visualizations. There are no signs of obfuscation, hidden code, or malicious routines. The only potential concern could be the use of user-supplied experiment names or sample identifiers, but these are handled as data labels without execution impact. All external modules used (e.g., numpy, matplotlib, seaborn, sklearn) are standard, and no network or file system operations are present. The code does not contain dynamic code execution, command injection, or external communication. The code appears to serve purely analytical and visualization purposes with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of data analysis and plotting routines for proteomics data, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It relies on data provided by the user or external modules but does not execute or manipulate data in a harmful way. No signs of malware, sabotage, or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}