{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Python interface to interact with the Schiphol public flight data API, allowing retrieval of flights, destinations, airlines, aircraft types, and flight IDs.",
  "sources": "Reads API endpoint URLs, API keys ('app_id' and 'app_key'), and URL parameters for requests.",
  "sinks": "Uses untrusted input (e.g., 'flight_id', 'destination_id', 'airline_id') directly in API endpoint URLs; outputs data via print statements. No direct data leaks or code injections are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., 'flight_id', 'destination_id') are used to construct URLs; these are sent as part of requests to external servers. Responses are parsed as JSON and printed. No untrusted data flows into critical security-sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns; no hardcoded secrets, no obfuscated code, and no evidence of malicious behavior. The code uses standard requests library and straightforward request/response handling.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily functions as a wrapper around the Schiphol API with standard request handling. It accepts parameters for API queries, constructs URLs, and prints response data. No use of eval, exec, dynamic code execution, or other suspicious language features is present. No hardcoded credentials are visible; the 'app_id' and 'app_key' are optional constructor parameters. The code does not include any malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections to unknown domains, or system modifications. The print statements are used for informational output only, with no indication of data leakage or covert channels. Overall, the code appears to be a benign API client implementation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard API wrapper for the Schiphol public data API. It does not contain any malicious behavior, obfuscated code, or security risks. There are no signs of malware or supply chain attacks. The code is safe in its current form.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}