{
  "purpose": "This code provides an API client for accessing Schiphol public flight, destination, airline, aircraft, and flight ID data from an external API.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from method parameters such as 'flight_id', 'destination_id', 'page', 'include_delays', and 'sort_by'. Uses environment variables indirectly through constructor parameters for app_id and app_key.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'requests.get' to fetch data from the external API; responses are processed with 'response.json()' and printed, but no data is written to disk, external servers, or environment variables.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to build request URLs and query parameters; responses are parsed as JSON and displayed via print statements; no data flows into or out of untrusted sources besides the API requests.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code constructs, such as obfuscation, hidden code, or unnecessary dynamic execution. No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The use of print for error handling is standard but could be improved.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward API client making HTTP GET requests to a public API. It constructs URLs and query parameters from method arguments, handles responses with standard try-except blocks, and outputs information via print statements. There are no signs of malicious code, data leakage, or suspicious behaviors. No hardcoded secrets are present; API credentials are passed as optional constructor arguments, which is a typical pattern. The code does not perform any unsafe operations, insecure data handling, or data exfiltration. All data flows are limited to legitimate API requests and responses, with no evidence of backdoors or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign API client designed for fetching flight and related data from the Schiphol API. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It mainly performs data retrieval and display, with standard error handling. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}