{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for signature verification, key management, and certificate handling in cryptographic operations, primarily for testing and validation purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from variables such as test signatures, keys, and certificate data, and fetches certificates via mocked key manager API calls.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write untrusted data to external systems; it performs cryptographic verification and key retrieval within the application context.",
  "flows": "Input data (signatures, keys, certificate IDs) flows into cryptographic functions (signatures verification, certificate retrieval), but all data handling appears internal and controlled, mainly for testing purposes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present; cryptographic keys are generated in memory, not stored or transmitted. The code uses mock objects for testing, which is standard in unit tests. No obfuscated or unusual code patterns are detected. No suspicious network activity, file manipulation, or data exfiltration is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily composed of test cases and utility functions related to cryptographic signature verification, certificate handling, and key management. It uses standard libraries and well-understood cryptographic primitives. All sensitive data (keys, certificates) are generated or mocked in-memory; there are no hardcoded secrets or external data leaks. The functions perform validation and exception handling but do not perform any malicious actions such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network communication outside of the testing context. The code appears safe, intended solely for testing cryptographic operations, and does not contain hidden backdoors or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a test suite and utility module for cryptographic signature verification and certificate management. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or supply chain security risks. The code's purpose is to verify cryptographic functions within a controlled environment. No indicators of malware, sabotage, or security vulnerabilities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}