{
  "purpose": "The code provides a client interface for interacting with Protecode's API, including authentication, uploading data, managing products, and retrieving scan results.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters, environment variables for credentials, and network responses. Notably, credentials are retrieved via protecode_cfg, and URLs are constructed dynamically.",
  "sinks": "Network requests via requests.Session methods (_get, _post, etc.), with potential data leaks if sensitive info is mishandled. Uses credentials in headers, URL parameters, and request bodies. Handles cookies and session tokens. The upload method streams binary data. Authentication involves credentials stored in configuration.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters or stored credentials to network requests, with tokens and cookies managing session state. Data from responses is processed for analysis results or session management. The code manipulates cookies, headers, and request data, potentially exposing sensitive information if mishandled.",
  "anomalies": "No explicit hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. Uses session cookies and tokens stored in cookies and class variables. The login method extracts session ID from cookies or headers, which could be exploited if response cookies are manipulated. The code logs warnings and exceptions but does not obfuscate code or use obscure language features. No suspicious URL patterns are present. No code appears to perform malicious network communication like data exfiltration or command execution.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard API client for Protecode, involving network requests, session handling, and data uploads. Credentials are retrieved from configuration objects, not hardcoded. Authentication involves token or session ID management. The network requests are standard, and no malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are evident. The login process safely manages cookies and session IDs. The use of request timeouts and session management indicates proper API interaction. No obfuscated code or suspicious network patterns are present. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate API client with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical API client for Protecode with no indicators of malicious intent or malware. It manages sessions and credentials securely, and network requests are standard. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected. It poses no significant security risks based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}