{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Python client library for interacting with the Protecode security platform, providing methods for authentication, uploading files, scanning, retrieving results, and managing triages and configurations.",
  "sources": "Reads data from network requests (e.g., via requests library), input parameters such as URLs, file names, IDs, and data streams, as well as environment/configuration variables for credentials and tokens.",
  "sinks": "Uses HTTP requests (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, PATCH) to interact with Protecode endpoints, which could potentially send data over the network or modify system state. It also handles sensitive data such as credentials and tokens.",
  "flows": "Input data (credentials, tokens, files, IDs) are passed into methods, which construct HTTP requests (sources). These requests are sent over the network (sinks), with responses parsed for further processing or data extraction. The session management and authentication flow involve setting cookies and tokens, which are stored internally.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to follow standard API client patterns with appropriate error handling and no obvious hard-coded secrets. There is a workaround for cookie extraction which could be a potential concern if manipulated, but it is a known workaround rather than malicious code. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or suspicious control flows are evident. No hardcoded credentials are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical API client wrapper for Protecode with functions for authentication, file upload, scan management, and triage handling. It manages sessions via cookies and tokens, constructs URLs dynamically, and performs network requests. The login method contains a workaround for session ID extraction, which appears as a workaround rather than malicious intent. No suspicious code injections, malicious data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors are detected. The code interacts with external systems securely through standard libraries and mechanisms. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present. The overall structure suggests a legitimate client library rather than malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured client library for Protecode with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles sensitive data securely, uses proper error handling, and does not contain malicious or suspicious behaviors. No signs of malware, backdoors, or supply chain attacks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}