{
  "purpose": "This code provides an API interface for handling submissions, scores, and related data in an assessment system, including creating, retrieving, and managing submissions and scores.",
  "sources": "Reads include user-provided UUIDs, student item dictionaries, and submission answers; database queries for Submission, StudentItem, Score, and related models; cache lookups; and external input parameters.",
  "sinks": "Writes occur when creating submissions, external grader details, scores, and score resets; cache updates; and database modifications. External signals are sent when scores are set or reset.",
  "flows": "Input UUIDs and data are validated and used to query or update models; cache is checked and updated; database transactions create or modify records; signals notify other components. Data flows from input validation through database/cache retrieval or modification, with potential data leaks if sensitive info is exposed improperly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code does not contain obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution. Logging is detailed but appears standard. Use of raw SQL in '_get_submission_model' could be risky if UUID handling is manipulated, but no malicious intent is evident. No suspicious external domain connections or data exfiltration code is present. Error handling is comprehensive, with exception logging. No hidden backdoors or covert channels detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard CRUD operations for submission and score management within a Django application, including validation, caching, and transaction management. It uses standard Django ORM practices, with some direct SQL for UUID fallback lookup, which is transparent and unlikely malicious. No hardcoded credentials, secret tokens, or insecure data handling is found. Logging is extensive but typical. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or covert channels. Overall, the code appears secure with no malicious intent or sabotage. The only minor concern could be the direct raw SQL query, but it is used for a legitimate UUID lookup fallback, not obfuscated or malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API for managing submissions and scores, with appropriate validation and error handling. No malicious behavior or sabotage signs are evident. It operates within typical application security norms, and no suspicious activity or vulnerabilities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}