{
  "purpose": "This code provides a secure API for managing submissions, scores, and related data in an assessment system, including creating, retrieving, and resetting submissions and scores.",
  "sources": "Reads include input data for creating submissions and external grader details, database queries for submissions, scores, student items, and cache retrievals for submissions and student items.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks through cache exposure, database writes for creating and updating submissions, scores, and external grader details, as well as logging sensitive actions.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function arguments into database queries and serializer validations; cache reads and writes, and data is serialized and deserialized for responses. Score setting and reset functions modify database state, and cache is used for retrieval.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behavior such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The use of raw SQL queries for UUID normalization could be viewed as unconventional but is justified for robustness. No external network connections or data exfiltration code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard CRUD operations on submission and score models, with cache utilization for performance. Proper exception handling is present for database errors. There are no signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration. Sensitive data (like submission UUIDs and student IDs) is handled securely and logged appropriately. The direct use of raw SQL for UUID normalization is a minor concern but does not pose security issues by itself. All operations are consistent with expected secure API behavior. No malicious or sabotage activity detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured API for submission management with appropriate security practices. No evidence of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. The primary risks are typical data exposure through logs or cache if misused, but no malicious activity is present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}