{
  "purpose": "The code defines constructs, enums, data classes, and interfaces related to AWS S3 bucket deployment using AWS CDK, primarily for uploading static website content and other assets to S3 buckets with optional configurations like metadata, encryption, and invalidation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily through class initializers, method parameters, and property getters. Notably, sources for deployment are specified via the 'sources' parameter of 'BucketDeployment', which can include local assets, bucket objects, or inline data (e.g., 'Source.asset', 'Source.bucket', 'Source.data', 'Source.jsonData'). The 'metadata' property and other configuration options also involve reading from parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs or applies configurations to AWS resources, such as creating S3 buckets, CloudFront distributions, IAM roles, and CloudWatch logs. No direct sinks for untrusted data are evident; instead, it uses trusted AWS SDK and CDK constructs to manage deployment resources.",
  "flows": "The primary data flows involve the binding of sources to deployment configurations via 'Source' methods, which generate 'SourceConfig' objects, and these are used by 'BucketDeployment' to upload and configure assets. The flow is from input parameters (local paths, bucket references, inline data) into deployment resources in AWS. There are no dynamic code execution flows or untrusted data processing flows.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard AWS CDK library implementation with extensive type annotations and interface definitions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The only potential concern is the use of 'Source.data' and 'Source.jsonData', which involve injecting inline data or deploy-time values; if untrusted input is supplied to these, it could lead to malicious content being uploaded, but this is a user responsibility, not a code flaw. No obfuscated code, network connections, or system command executions are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured TypeScript/JavaScript and Python interoperability library for AWS CDK, defining constructs to deploy assets to S3. It includes classes and data structures for configuration, metadata, encryption, and source specification. No runtime code executes external commands, makes network connections, or handles untrusted inputs directly. The functions and methods primarily set up infrastructure resources using AWS SDKs. The potential security concern lies in the 'Source.data' and 'Source.jsonData' methods, which accept arbitrary data; if these are provided with malicious or untrusted data, it could result in uploading malicious content. However, this is a known pattern for deployment scripts and depends on user input, not a code vulnerability. No backdoors, hidden code, or malicious behavior is detected. The code is consistent with standard AWS CDK patterns and does not contain obfuscation or malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, open-source library for AWS S3 deployment using AWS CDK. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms. The only possible security risk relates to the use of inline data sources ('Source.data' and 'Source.jsonData'), which could upload malicious content if fed untrusted input. However, this is a common deployment pattern and relies on user responsibility for input validation. Overall, the code is safe and free of malware or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}