{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions to retrieve and construct download URLs for Corretto JDK distributions, including index map loading and resource building.",
  "sources": "URL from _INDEX_MAP_URL; user input for version, operating system, architecture, image type, and environment.",
  "sinks": "Returning constructed download URL; loading index map from URL; reading from URL in load_index_map.",
  "flows": "Index map URL fetch -> load_index_map -> get_download_url -> build resource -> return URL.",
  "anomalies": "Use of external URL _INDEX_MAP_URL; potential for URL fetch failures; no explicit validation or sandboxing of URL content. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious backdoors. The URL fetch could be exploited if the URL points to malicious content, but in this context, it's used solely for data retrieval. Code constructs URLs dynamically based on parameters and fetched data.",
  "analysis": "The code loads a JSON index map from a remote URL at runtime, which could be manipulated if the URL content is maliciously changed. It builds download URLs based on parameters, with no evident malicious logic. The URL fetching is standard and does not involve code execution or unsafe data handling beyond fetching JSON. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious commands. The dynamic URL construction appears legitimate and aligned with package distribution practices. The code uses external dependencies and custom enums, but nothing suspicious is evident in their usage. The only concern is reliance on external URL content, which could be tampered with, but this is typical in package index fetching. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate, designed for fetching and constructing download URLs for Corretto distributions, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The use of external URL is typical for such use cases. No malware or malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}