{
  "purpose": "The code implements a pytest plugin to handle retries for flaky tests, with mechanisms for configuration, exception filtering, reporting, and integration with pytest's lifecycle hooks.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from pytest configuration options, test markers (e.g., 'flaky'), and exception information during test execution.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially be written to logs or reports via the reporter.record_attempt method, and test outcome data could be affected if manipulated improperly. However, no direct untrusted data output or network communication is detected.",
  "flows": "Exception information and test outcomes flow from pytest test execution through hook functions, potentially influencing retry logic, and are ultimately reported via internal reporter mechanisms. Data flows from test execution phases (setup, call, teardown) into the retry and reporting system.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, suspicious code injections, or backdoors detected. The code structure appears standard for a pytest plugin. There are no obfuscated language features or misleading variable names. The code performs standard operations for handling retries and reporting.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard pytest plugin for handling flaky tests, with clear exception filtering, retry logic, and reporting. It uses pytest hooks to modify test execution flow, captures exception info, and logs attempts. It also manages configuration options for retries, delays, and outcomes. No evidence of malicious code such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation is present. All operations are confined to pytest's testing environment and plugin mechanisms, with no external or covert behaviors identified.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical pytest retry plugin with no malicious behavior. It handles retries, exception filtering, and reporting in a conventional manner, without any suspicious or malicious activities. No malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 3
}