{
  "purpose": "This code implements an event handling framework for database row events, allowing registration, matching, and notification of create, update, and delete events with thread-safe mechanisms.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from event objects passed to methods such as 'notify', 'match', and 'run'. It also reads configuration from optional dependencies and class attributes.",
  "sinks": "There are no external sinks or data leaks; the code does not perform network operations, file writes, or external command executions.",
  "flows": "Event objects are created and registered via 'watch_event(s)', then matched through 'matching_events', and finally processed in 'notify_loop' which executes the 'run' method of matched events.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or suspicious patterns are present. Exception handling is generic and used for logging only.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard event notification system with thread safety, exception handling, and optional dependency management. It does not perform any network activity, code injection, or data exfiltration. The use of threading and queues is typical for such systems. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or vulnerabilities are evident. The exception handling is generic, and the code relies on well-understood Python constructs. The fallback import for 'sortedcontainers' is safe and non-malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured event handling framework.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard event notification system with no signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The scores should reflect this assessment, with malware and obfuscated scores at 0, and a low security risk score (~0.2) due to the use of threading and exception handling which are standard practices. The overall confidence in this conclusion is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}