{
  "purpose": "This code defines a logging utility class with configurable log levels, formats, and output destinations, including file and console logging, for a Python application.",
  "sources": "Input sources include log file path (via setter), log level, format, and output configuration, as well as method parameters for logging (method, url, request_body, response_body, headers, etc.).",
  "sinks": "Sinks include the log file (if specified) and the console output. The log file path can be set dynamically, potentially leading to file writing.",
  "flows": "Input configurations (log file path, level, format) trigger set_log_outputs(), which manages handlers; log method calls generate LogStatement objects that are formatted and sent to the logger handlers.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious code or backdoors detected. The code properly redacts 'Authorization' header in logs. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious dynamic code execution are present. Exception handling uses bare excepts which can hide errors but do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a configurable logging system that writes logs to files and/or console. It manages log levels, formats (text/JSON), and redacts sensitive headers. The class methods are straightforward and do not perform any network operations, file manipulations beyond logging, or data exfiltration. The only potential concern is the dynamic setting of log file path which, if misused, could lead to log file overwriting or path traversal, but this is a common pattern in logging configuration. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data theft, system sabotage, or covert channels. Exception handling is overly broad but not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard logging utility with configurable options and redaction features. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. The implementation is typical for an application logging framework, and the overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}