{
  "purpose": "The provided code implements a Hadoop streaming job for matrix multiplication using Python scripts as mapper and reducer. It processes input matrices A and B, computes their product, and outputs the result.",
  "sources": "Input data from stdin in mapper.py; environment variables and command-line arguments; input.txt file read locally; Hadoop distributed file system (HDFS) for input/output directories.",
  "sinks": "Output of mapper and reducer via print statements; data written to HDFS. No untrusted data flows into system commands or external network connections.",
  "flows": "Input data from stdin flows through mapper.py, generating key-value pairs sent to Hadoop framework, then from Hadoop to reducer.py, which computes and outputs the matrix multiplication result to HDFS.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns detected. The scripts follow standard MapReduce patterns. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution present. The code operates solely on input data and standard libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code performs matrix multiplication via Hadoop streaming with clearly defined mapper and reducer scripts. The scripts read input lines, parse matrix entries, generate key-value pairs for matrix element positions, and perform dot product calculations. The process involves standard input/output handling, normal Python data structures, and Hadoop commands. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code’s structure and functions are typical for distributed matrix computation. All data sources and sinks are legitimate, and no suspicious anomalies are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of matrix multiplication using Hadoop streaming with Python scripts. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The scripts handle data correctly without hardcoded secrets or unsafe operations. Overall, the code appears safe and intended solely for distributed matrix computation.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}