{
  "purpose": "The code implements a MapReduce job for matrix multiplication using Hadoop streaming, involving mapper and reducer scripts written in Python.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from stdin (lines in input.txt) and Hadoop distributed file system (HDFS). It processes matrix entries from input.txt and HDFS, passing data through stdin to the mapper and reducer scripts during the Hadoop streaming process.",
  "sinks": "The code writes output data to stdout, which Hadoop then stores in HDFS. No direct data leaks or untrusted data sinks are evident; however, the output could potentially reveal sensitive matrix data if the environment isn't secured.",
  "flows": "Input data (matrix entries) from input.txt is streamed into mapper.py via stdin; mapper outputs key-value pairs to stdout, fed into reducer.py; reducer processes these pairs and outputs final matrix multiplication results, stored in HDFS.",
  "anomalies": "The scripts are straightforward and adhere to typical MapReduce patterns. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are present. The code does not perform network connections, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The use of environment headers and standard Python packages poses no suspicion.",
  "analysis": "The code correctly implements a standard matrix multiplication MapReduce algorithm. The mapper reads each matrix element, tags it, and outputs key-value pairs for the reducer. The reducer aggregates values and computes the products. The scripts do not contain obfuscated code, malicious commands, or unusual logic. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The environment setup involves standard Hadoop commands and filesystem operations. All code is consistent with typical data processing workflows and lacks malicious intent or behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, legitimate implementation of a MapReduce job for matrix multiplication. It does not exhibit any signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs straightforward data processing without any network connections, system modifications, or suspicious logic. Overall, it appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}