{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and configures a Dash Cytoscape component, loads external JavaScript and CSS resources, and provides utility functions for layout management and metadata display.",
  "sources": "The code reads 'package.json' for package info, 'metadata.json' for component metadata, and includes import statements for various modules and components.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include external URLs for JavaScript files, file reading operations, and print/exit calls for error handling.",
  "flows": "Data flows from reading JSON files ('package.json' and 'metadata.json') into variables, and external URLs are constructed with package data. No untrusted user input is processed, and external URL loading is static.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors are present. The external URLs are well-formed and serve known libraries. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. The print and sys.exit statements are used for error handling, typical in setup scripts.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles package initialization, external resource linking, and metadata display. It reads local JSON files ('package.json' and 'metadata.json') safely and constructs URLs dynamically based on package data. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity is evident. The code does not execute untrusted input or contain obfuscated or suspicious logic. The external URLs point to CDN links for known libraries, with no signs of malicious manipulation. The import statements and functions perform standard operations without suspicious side effects.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard setup and utility script for a Dash Cytoscape component. It does not contain malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. The dynamic URL construction is based on package metadata and does not introduce vulnerabilities. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}