{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comparison utility for two Polars DataFrames, including reporting features and data validation for data analysis and auditing.",
  "sources": "Input data from the Polars DataFrames (df1 and df2), configuration parameters (join_columns, ignore_spaces, ignore_case, etc.), file templates for report rendering, and external environment variables for file paths.",
  "sinks": "File output when saving HTML reports to specified file paths. No other data sinks or network communications are present.",
  "flows": "Data is read from DataFrames during comparison operations; data flows into comparison functions (columns_equal, compare_string_and_date_columns), and results are written into report files if specified. No external or untrusted data sources or sinks detected.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. The code appears to be a standard data comparison utility. No obfuscated code or misleading variables identified. Use of external files is limited to report templates and optional report HTML output, both controlled locally.",
  "analysis": "The code imports common data analysis libraries (numpy, polars) and handles data validation, comparison, and reporting. It includes functions for comparing columns with tolerances, handling nulls, and date conversions. The report generation uses template files, with no indication of malicious intent. No network activity, system commands, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code adheres to typical data comparison practices, with no suspicious behavior or malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate data comparison utility for Polars DataFrames, with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It is designed for data auditing and reporting, with standard security and coding practices. No security risks or malware indicators identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}