{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to compare two Polars DataFrames for equality, differences, and mismatches, and generate detailed reports on their comparison.",
  "sources": "Reads include import statements, function parameters, class initializations, and data frame attribute accesses. Specifically, the code reads dataframes (df1, df2), column names, and data values from the DataFrames for comparison.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include file writes for report generation (HTML files) and reading template files. No untrusted network or system command executions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input dataframes through comparison functions, which read and process data, then produce textual or HTML reports. Data comparisons and transformations are internal and do not involve external untrusted sources or sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code primarily performs data comparison and report generation. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are used. The only noteworthy aspect is the use of file I/O for templates and report output, which is standard for report generation.",
  "analysis": "The script is a data comparison utility that compares two DataFrames using various methods, including equality, subset, and mismatch detection. It employs standard data processing and comparison techniques, along with report generation via templates and file I/O. No external network connections, system commands, or malicious behavior are evident. The code relies on safe libraries (Polars, NumPy) and standard file operations. There are no signs of malicious logic such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors. The presence of template rendering and report generation is typical for such tools and not suspicious. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate data comparison tool without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a data comparison utility for Polars DataFrames that generates reports. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage elements. It performs legitimate data processing and reporting functions, with no evident security risks or malware signatures.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}