{
  "purpose": "This code provides asynchronous functions for reading data from various cloud and local storage paths, including byte-range reads, single reads, and streaming, utilizing specific cloud APIs and local file access.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as 'path' and 'byte_range', with data being fetched from cloud storage (Azure, Google Cloud) or local files.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted input data flows into network requests (Request objects) for cloud APIs, and local file reads. Data is retrieved via HTTP requests or file operations, with no direct data leakage sink in the code itself.",
  "flows": "Source inputs ('path', 'byte_range', 'size') influence request creation or file operations; these data flows lead to network calls or file reads. No evidence of untrusted data being used in insecure commands or injections.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors detected. Use of standard libraries and well-documented APIs. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or data leaks. The code employs typical cloud SDK patterns and file I/O.",
  "analysis": "The code provides asynchronous functions to read data from cloud storage services (Azure, Google Cloud) and local files, with support for byte-range requests and streaming. It correctly constructs HTTP request headers and parameters, handles file I/O securely, and manages byte ranges properly. No embedded or dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or hardcoded credentials are present. The network requests use external authentication functions (azure_auth_req, google_auth_req), which are not included here but are typical for authenticated cloud access. The code does not perform any suspicious or malicious actions such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors. All operations align with standard storage access methods.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate and standard implementation of asynchronous storage access functions for cloud and local files, with proper handling of byte ranges, streaming, and error handling. No malicious or suspicious behaviors are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}