{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of utility functions for transforming Spark DataFrames using user-defined functions (UDFs), including pandas UDFs, with mechanisms to generate schemas and handle data types.",
  "sources": "The code reads function signatures, input arguments, and data from Spark DataFrames via methods like 'sdf.select', 'sdf.notHandy()', and 'pdf.apply'. It also imports modules and functions dynamically.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable sinks include the dynamic creation of UDFs and grouped UDFs, which could execute arbitrary user code. The use of 'exec'-like dynamic execution is absent, but the code allows user-defined functions to be wrapped as Spark UDFs without sanitization.",
  "flows": "User-defined functions are passed into transformation methods, which generate UDFs that are applied to DataFrame columns. Data flows from DataFrame columns through these UDFs, which execute the provided functions, and results are stored back in DataFrame columns.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation are observed. The code dynamically wraps user functions into Spark UDFs, which, if misused, can run malicious code. The code imports modules like 'inspect', 'numpy', and 'pyspark', which are standard. No hidden or malicious payloads are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides utility methods for creating and applying UDFs in Spark DataFrames. It dynamically generates schemas based on function annotations and applies user-defined functions. The use of 'inspect' to analyze function signatures and the wrapping of functions as Spark UDFs are standard practices. There are no signs of malicious data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The functions do not execute untrusted code directly; they assume the user supplies safe functions. The handling of return types and function signatures appears legitimate. There are no indications of obfuscation or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility module for Spark DataFrame transformations using user-defined functions. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. However, since it allows user functions to be wrapped and executed as UDFs, misuse could lead to arbitrary code execution if unsafe functions are provided. Overall, the code appears safe within typical use cases, with a low malware score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}