{
  "purpose": "Provides a set of static methods for transforming Spark DataFrames using user-defined functions, including UDFs and grouped UDFs, with dynamic signature and return type handling.",
  "sources": "Reads function signatures, function annotations, and DataFrame columns; no external input sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "Uses Spark's withColumn, select, and UDF registration, which could potentially handle untrusted data if functions process untrusted input, but no direct data leaks are evident.",
  "flows": "Data from DataFrame columns flow into user-defined functions (via UDFs) which produce new columns; function annotations and signatures influence return types.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or backdoors identified. The code dynamically creates UDFs and grouped UDFs but does so using standard Spark API patterns. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a mapping between string types and numpy/datetime types, and a class with static methods for creating UDFs and grouped UDFs for Spark DataFrames. Methods include signature analysis, dynamic return type inference, and functions for applying transformations. Usage of inspect to analyze function signatures and annotations is standard; the code dynamically generates UDFs with proper return types. The implementation appears straightforward, using Spark's UDF APIs with no signs of malicious intent or covert data handling. No suspicious external network activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The only concern might be if user-supplied functions f are malicious, but this is a general risk with UDFs, not specific to this code. Overall, no malicious or security-compromising behavior is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility for applying user-defined functions to Spark DataFrames with flexible signature and type handling. It appears benign, well-structured, and uses standard Spark APIs without any signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. No malware or security risks are evident from the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}