{
  "purpose": "This code defines multiple custom exception classes, likely for use in a larger application or library, to handle specific error conditions related to pattern matching, class operations, and range validation.",
  "sources": "Class initializers (__init__ methods) that set exception messages; no external data input or data reading observed.",
  "sinks": "Raising exceptions with string messages; no sinks that process untrusted data or perform harmful actions identified.",
  "flows": "Instantiation of exception objects and raising these exceptions with specific messages; no data flow from external untrusted sources to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "All exception messages are hardcoded or constructed from internal variables; no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code behaviors detected. The class names are obfuscated, which may be intentional or an attempt to hide intent, but do not directly indicate malicious activity. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or file manipulation is present.",
  "analysis": "The code solely consists of custom exception class definitions with constructors that set specific error messages. These messages relate to pattern matching, class operations, range validation, and similar functionalities. The obfuscated class names do not suggest malicious functionality but could be an obfuscation tactic. No external inputs, network calls, or harmful operations are present. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, code injection, or malware-like behavior. Overall, the code appears to be a benign set of exception definitions without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a collection of custom exception classes used for specific error handling scenarios. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The obfuscation of class names does not inherently imply malicious intent but warrants awareness. Overall, the code appears safe and non-malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}