{
  "purpose": "The code defines multiple custom exception classes related to pattern validation, class operations, and regex errors, likely used within a larger regex or pattern matching library.",
  "sources": "Class constructors and message formatting functions, which may read parameters or variables such as 'pre', 'pre1', 'pre2', 'start', 'end', 'lookbehind', but no external input or data sources are present.",
  "sinks": "Exception messages constructed with input parameters; no data leaks, external communication, or system modifications are observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., 'name', 'pre', 'pre1', 'pre2', 'start', 'end', 'lookbehind') flow into exception messages; no runtime data processing or external data flow is present.",
  "anomalies": "Use of undefined variables like 'pre' and 'pre1', 'pre2' in message strings suggests incomplete or obfuscated code; class names are intentionally obfuscated, but no malicious code or activity is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of exception class definitions with obfuscated class names and messages related to regex and pattern validation. No data input, network activity, or system modifications are present. The obfuscation appears to serve to hinder reverse engineering but does not imply malicious intent. Variables like 'pre' are used without definition, indicating incomplete or intentionally obfuscated code, but this alone does not suggest malicious behavior. Scores across reports consistently assign a malware score of 0, reflecting no malicious activity. Obfuscation scores are high (~0.7-0.8), consistent with the obfuscated class names. Security risk scores are low (~0.1-0.2), aligned with the absence of malicious activity. Overall, the code appears benign, with obfuscation being the main characteristic, not a security threat.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of obfuscated exception class definitions, likely part of a regex or pattern validation library. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected. The obfuscation does not imply malicious intent, and the current scores are appropriate. The code should be considered safe, with obfuscation as a non-malicious characteristic.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}