{
  "purpose": "The code provides authentication helper classes for integrating with OpenID Connect providers, specifically Microsoft Entra ID and B2C, for web applications. It manages login, token retrieval, user session handling, and logout functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads session data (e.g., self._session), configuration URLs (OIDC well-known configuration), and input parameters like auth_response from external requests.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs URLs for login, logout, and profile editing. It also stores tokens and user info in session data. It interacts with external identity providers via requests.get().",
  "flows": "Input from external requests (auth_response, session data) flows into token acquisition functions and session management; resulting URLs or tokens are provided back to the user or system. Session data is read during get_user(), get_token_for_user(), and logout; external requests fetch configuration data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. Usage of standard libraries and external dependencies (requests, msal) appears normal. No obfuscated code, no suspicious dynamic code execution, or hardcoded URLs/secrets are detected. Logging is used for diagnostics but not malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement standard, well-structured authentication flows with MSAL and requests libraries, managing user sessions, tokens, and logout URLs. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden network communications are present. All external requests are for configuration data, and sensitive information like tokens are stored securely in session objects. There are no indications of code injection, data leakage, or privacy violations. The code is primarily an implementation of standard OAuth/OpenID Connect flows and session handling without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate and standard implementation of OAuth/OpenID Connect authentication helpers for web applications, with no evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior. It adheres to typical patterns and uses established libraries appropriately. No malicious signals or anomalous behavior are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}