{
  "purpose": "This code provides authentication helper classes for web applications using OpenID Connect and Microsoft Entra ID, handling login, logout, token retrieval, and session management.",
  "sources": "The code reads session data (_session), configuration URLs (_oidc_authority, _authority), and user input parameters such as scopes and redirect URIs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests to fetch OIDC configuration, token acquisition methods, and constructing logout URLs; these are used to communicate with identity providers and redirect users.",
  "flows": "Sources include session data and configuration inputs; flows involve reading session data to manage tokens and user info, and network requests to fetch OIDC configuration or tokens; sinks are network requests and URL redirects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. Usage of standard libraries (requests, msal) appears normal. There are no obfuscated code sections or dynamic code execution. The code handles tokens and session data securely, with proper checks and cache management.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard OAuth/OpenID Connect authentication flows with session management and token handling. It fetches OIDC configuration via a GET request, which is typical and necessary for dynamic configuration. Session data is stored and retrieved in a typical manner. The token acquisition and refresh procedures utilize well-known libraries. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors, are evident. The code adheres to common security practices, including token cache management and expiration checks. Overall, the code seems to be a legitimate implementation of an authentication helper with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured authentication helper for web applications utilizing OAuth2/OpenID Connect protocols. It does not contain any malicious or sabotage code, nor does it exhibit obfuscation or suspicious network activity. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}