{
  "purpose": "The code provides authentication and authorization helper classes for web applications, utilizing Microsoft identity platforms such as Azure AD and B2C, implementing OAuth2/OpenID Connect flows.",
  "sources": "Reads session data, configuration data via HTTP requests (OIDC configuration), and input parameters for login flows.",
  "sinks": "Uses session storage to save tokens and user info; requests to external endpoints for OpenID configuration; and redirects for logout.",
  "flows": "Reads session data and configuration; makes HTTP GET request for OIDC configuration; initiates login/auth flows; saves tokens/user info into session; constructs logout URL with redirect.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. Uses standard libraries without obfuscation or unusual dynamic code execution. Logging is present but not excessive. No data leaks or malicious network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard OAuth2 and OIDC authentication flows, with proper session management, token caching, and configuration retrieval. No hardcoded credentials or malicious network behavior observed. The code relies on external libraries (msal, requests) in a typical manner. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. The HTTP request for OIDC config is straightforward; no suspicious URLs are hardcoded. The logic for login, token handling, and logout appears legitimate and standard for OAuth2/OIDC integrations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of OAuth2/OpenID Connect authentication helpers for web apps. There are no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It uses common patterns and libraries correctly. The only minor concern could be that the code relies on external configuration (URLs, secrets) which must be securely managed outside this codebase. Overall, no malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}