{
  "purpose": "The code implements interval arithmetic with support for merging, intersection, union, and comparison operations, primarily for numerical or discrete data analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from method parameters (interval bounds, input intervals), class attributes, and external modules (warnings, collections). No direct external data input sources such as files or network are used.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks such as network calls, file writes, or command executions are present. The code does not contain code injection points or data leakage mechanisms.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (bounds, intervals) through various comparison and arithmetic methods, but no untrusted data is propagated to external systems or sinks. No external data is sent over networks or stored insecurely.",
  "anomalies": "The only unusual aspect is the use of warnings.warn for deprecated functions, which is standard practice. There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The code heavily relies on internal logic for interval operations without external influences. No malicious privacy violations or system manipulation code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a robust interval arithmetic system, including merging, intersection, union, and comparison operations. It handles various edge cases such as empty intervals and infinite bounds. No external or untrusted data sources are used; the functions operate solely on provided parameters. There is no evidence of malicious code, network activity, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The warnings are benign and related to deprecation. The structure appears to be a well-implemented mathematical utility, with no hidden or malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, mathematically oriented interval arithmetic library with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs safe computations on numerical intervals and adheres to good coding practices. No malware or security risks are detected based on this review.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}