{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class for interacting with a REST API to search for folder information related to alerts or resources.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters through the method 'search', including 'tenants_ids' and other keyword arguments (**kwargs). It also reads the 'base' object during initialization.",
  "sinks": "The untrusted data (kwargs) is passed directly into the API request parameters without validation, and the 'base._make_request' method is called with these parameters, which could potentially be exploited if the 'kwargs' contain malicious data.",
  "flows": "Input parameters from 'search' (kwargs) flow directly into the 'params' dictionary, which is then used in '_make_request'. The 'base' object is used to make an external request, passing unvalidated data.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded credentials or suspicious code. The code appears standard for a REST API wrapper. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The class is a straightforward API client wrapper with a method to search for folders. It accepts various parameters through **kwargs, which are directly passed into the request parameters. The 'search' method does not perform validation, sanitization, or encoding on the input parameters, but this alone does not indicate malicious intent; it is typical in API wrappers. No dynamic code execution, suspicious network activity, or hidden behaviors are present. The code does not contain any malicious patterns such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hardcoded secrets. Its security risk depends on the context of the '_make_request' method implementation, which is not provided, but based solely on this snippet, no malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard API wrapper class method with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles input parameters in a typical manner for API requests. There are no anomalies, suspicious behaviors, or malicious patterns detected in this snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}