{
  "purpose": "Analysis of open-source Python dependency code for malicious behavior, obfuscation, and security risks.",
  "sources": "Code content, variable names, code structure, external library usage, hardcoded secrets, network calls, data handling.",
  "sinks": "Network transmissions, file operations, environment variable access, system commands, data leaks.",
  "flows": "Sources such as input or environment variables to sinks like network or file operations, potentially leading to data exfiltration or malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "High obfuscation (score 0.7), unnecessary dynamic execution, unclear purpose, empty or placeholder code, lack of code content, suspicious variable naming, or obfuscated patterns without clear malicious indicators.",
  "analysis": "The most comprehensive report is Report 1, which identifies obfuscation with a score of 0.7 and a low malware likelihood (0.2). The suspicion is primarily due to obfuscation, but no concrete malicious activity is observed. Other reports are straightforward, benign, with no suspicious features, and scores reflect that. The scores are consistent with the descriptions: low malware risk, high obfuscation only in Report 1, and low overall security risk. Given the evidence, the overall assessment aligns well with the code descriptions. Slight adjustment of Report 1's malware score to 0.3 could better reflect the suspicion level due to obfuscation, but 0.2 remains acceptable. The other reports' scores are appropriate and consistent.",
  "conclusion": "The code reviews indicate no confirmed malicious activity across all reports. Obfuscation in Report 1 warrants cautious scoring but does not confirm malware. Overall, the assessments are consistent and justified. Minor adjustment to Report 1's malware score to 0.3 could improve accuracy, but current scores are reasonable. No significant changes are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}