{
  "purpose": "The code defines database driver classes for PostgreSQL, MySQL, and SQLite, providing methods for connection management, schema modification (drop and clean tables), and updating columns via strategies. It executes raw SQL commands constructed through string interpolation, primarily for schema operations and data updates.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from database connections, specifically fetching table and column information via SQLAlchemy's inspector and executing SQL statements with interpolated identifiers.",
  "sinks": "Execution of dynamically constructed SQL statements that include table and column names, which could lead to SQL injection if these identifiers are derived from untrusted sources.",
  "flows": "Sources include database schema info and input parameters; flows involve constructing SQL commands with string interpolation and executing them directly on the database engine, potentially leading to injection if inputs are untrusted.",
  "anomalies": "Use of string interpolation for SQL commands involving table and column names without sanitization or parameterization; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation detected; code appears straightforward and standard.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs SQL statements by directly interpolating table and column names into SQL text objects without sanitization or parameterization, creating a potential SQL injection vector if these identifiers are supplied from untrusted sources. The code manages database schemas and data updates, executing raw SQL commands through SQLAlchemy. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscated patterns are present. The main security concern is injection risk, which is acknowledged in the reports. Malware detection scores are correctly set to zero, and obfuscation scores are zero, indicating straightforward code. The risk scores across reports (ranging from 0.2 to 0.45) are appropriate, reflecting moderate concern primarily due to potential injection vulnerabilities. The confidence in these assessments is high, given the code's clarity and the nature of the identified risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is free of malware and obfuscation but presents a moderate security risk due to dynamic SQL construction without sanitization, which could lead to SQL injection if identifiers are untrusted. The risk scores are justified and consistent with the analysis. To mitigate this, parameterize or sanitize table and column names before use. Overall, the code is safe in intent but should be used with caution regarding input trustworthiness.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}