{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and classes to inspect, wrap, and register methods or properties in Python classes, primarily for use with API schemas or similar structures.",
  "sources": "The code reads method, property, and class attribute definitions, particularly in functions like _method_location, is_method, method_class, and method_registerer. It also reads global variables and function signatures.",
  "sinks": "The code calls getattr on objects, potentially executing property getters. It wraps methods with dynamic wrapper functions, but does not execute or modify untrusted data directly. It sets attributes on classes and objects.",
  "flows": "The data flow is mainly from method/property definitions, through wrappers, and to registration functions. The wrappers invoke methods via getattr, which could lead to property getter execution. No untrusted data is passed to these functions within the code.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically accesses attributes and methods, including property getters, which could execute code if properties are poorly designed. The method_wrapper creates wrapper functions that call getattr, which could be manipulated if external code modifies the class or method attributes. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code segments observed. Usage of global variables is minimal and controlled.",
  "analysis": "The code provides inspection and wrapping utilities for class methods and properties, with functions to determine method location, class, and wrap methods dynamically. It uses standard Python features such as inspect, property, and dynamic attribute access. The method_registerer decorator registers methods or properties with a provided registration function, based on type hints and class ownership. No code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior is evident. Wrappers simply call existing methods or access properties; however, executing property getters can trigger arbitrary code if properties are maliciously designed. The overall code appears to be intended for schema or API method registration with no signs of malicious intent or supply chain sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a set of utility functions for method inspection, wrapping, and registration in class-based systems. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malicious intent. The main security consideration is ensuring that property getters or methods do not contain harmful code, but this is outside the scope of static analysis. No evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration is present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}