{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and classes for inspecting, wrapping, and registering class methods and properties, primarily for use in decorators or frameworks that manipulate class methods.",
  "sources": "The code reads class and function definitions, method signatures, and global variables related to functions and properties.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks are present. The code calls functions like getattr, get_type_hints, and register, but these are standard operations for method introspection and registration without evident malicious intent.",
  "flows": "The code inspects methods and properties, wraps them with decorators, and registers them, passing data from source points (method definitions, annotations) to sinks (getattr, registration functions).",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns. The code does not perform network operations, file modifications, or data exfiltration. The usage of assertion statements could be exploited if assertions are disabled, but this is not inherently malicious. No obfuscated or intentionally confusing code patterns are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of utilities for inspecting class methods and properties, wrapping methods for later registration, and managing method decorators. It uses standard Python reflection and introspection techniques, with no evidence of malicious behavior. There are no network operations, data leaks, or backdoors. The purpose appears to be for framework or library development involving class method management. The assertions are used for sanity checks but could be a minor security concern if assertions are disabled, which is unlikely in most production environments.",
  "conclusion": "The code is legitimate, providing method introspection, wrapping, and registration utilities without any signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It does not perform any harmful actions or data exfiltration. Overall, the code is safe based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}