{
  "purpose": "The script appears to be a command-line tool for hash identification and analysis, supporting hash checks from text input or files, with options for output formatting and verbosity.",
  "sources": "User input from command line options (-t/--text, -f/--file), and environment variables indirectly via logging configurations.",
  "sinks": "Logging outputs, print statements for banners, and potentially output functions of hash checking libraries, which could leak data if misused. No evident network transmission or data exfiltration observed.",
  "flows": "Input received from CLI options flows into hash checking functions; results are formatted and printed based on user options. No evidence of external network flows or data leaks in this code segment.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of obfuscated-like variable names (e.g., wkoFSsZCqMmYvwFheeOHUVSWMvgvWcBP) and function names, but these are consistent with code obfuscation or automated generation rather than malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or credentials detected. Logging configuration with a variable name resembling obfuscation but used correctly.",
  "analysis": "The code defines CLI commands for hash analysis, with flexible input options and output formatting. It employs libraries for hash checking, name mapping, and pretty printing. The code appears structured and does not include suspicious network or file operations. Obfuscated variable names may indicate an attempt to hinder easy understanding but do not necessarily suggest malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials, network connections, or malicious system modifications are evident. The logging configuration adapts based on verbosity flags, which is standard practice. Overall, the script is consistent with a legitimate hash analysis tool, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a hash analysis CLI tool without evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. Obfuscated variable names are likely an artifact of code obfuscation or automated generation, not malicious intent. It appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}