{
  "purpose": "The script appears to generate or retrieve C++ source files for a Node.js binding, possibly for cryptographic functions, based on Node.js and SWIG versions.",
  "sources": "Reads command-line arguments (sys.argv), environment variables (os.getenv), subprocess outputs (swig and node --version), and local file system (os.path, shutil.copyfile).",
  "sinks": "Copies files to specified locations, executes subprocess commands for code generation, outputs to stderr, and terminates the program.",
  "flows": "Command-line args and environment variables influence file copying and subprocess commands; subprocess output determines code generation; file operations copy generated files to target locations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors; the code involves file copying, subprocess calls, and version checks but does not appear to perform any malicious activity. Error handling is standard. The use of subprocesses for code generation based on external tool versions is typical for build scripts.",
  "analysis": "The code first checks for a prebuilt C++ file to copy; if unavailable, it runs 'swig' to generate code based on version. It performs version checks for both 'swig' and 'node' to decide on code generation and file copying. All subprocess calls are related to code generation; no suspicious commands or network activity are present. Error handling covers missing files and tool versions. No obfuscated code, malicious backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected. The script's primary purpose is build automation with version-dependent logic. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a build utility for generating Node.js bindings using SWIG, with version checks and file copying. No malicious code, backdoors, or security risks are detected. It performs standard build steps and error handling, presenting no security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}