{
  "purpose": "This module provides an interface for browser automation using Playwright, including configuration, page and browser management, screenshots, and installation of browser engines.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options via function parameters and imports modules, but does not process external untrusted input sources.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with the Playwright API to control browsers and pages; it also logs HTML content for screenshots. No untrusted data is directly written to external systems or network connections.",
  "flows": "Function calls like `page().goto(url)` pass URLs to the Playwright API; `screenshot()` captures page or element images and encodes them in base64 for logging; configuration functions update internal state without external influence. No malicious data flows are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. Usage of logging with HTML content for screenshots is standard in test automation. No obfuscated code, malicious code injections, or unusual behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard wrapper around the Playwright library with configuration and management functions. It handles browser setup, context customization, page navigation, and screenshots. There are no indicators of malicious behavior or security risks. The module avoids unsafe practices such as code injection, data leaks, or external command execution. The logging of screenshots as HTML is typical for automation diagnostics. No hidden or suspicious code segments are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate automation helper module for browser control using Playwright. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. The overall security risk is minimal, primarily assuming safe usage of the underlying Playwright API. No malware or obfuscation detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}