{
  "purpose": "This code defines configuration settings and utility classes for map widget integrations in a Django application, including dynamic loading and merging of map settings from Django's settings module.",
  "sources": "django_settings.TIME_ZONE, django_settings.DEBUG, django_settings.MAP_WIDGETS, external files listed in 'js' and 'css' arrays, environment variables (if any), and possibly user input through settings updates.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks that process untrusted data directly; the code mainly reads configurations and sets up settings objects. No network or file output of untrusted data is present.",
  "flows": "Configuration settings are read from Django's settings, potentially merged with runtime updates via 'setting_changed' signal, and used internally for setting up map widgets. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets that can be exploited. The 'apiKey' and 'apiSecret' are set to None, which is safe. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present. The code appears standard for configuration management.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages configuration data, merging default and user-defined settings, with no evidence of malicious logic or data exfiltration. The use of 'get_default_center_coordinates()' is safe, with fallback to 'UTC'. The 'DotDict' class enables dot notation for dictionaries, which is a common pattern. The 'MapWidgetSettings' class manages settings merging, and the 'reload_widget_settings' function updates the global settings upon signal. There are no unsafe operations, dynamic code execution, or suspicious network activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard configuration management module for map widgets within a Django project. It safely handles settings, merges defaults with user configurations, and updates dynamically via Django signals. There is no malicious behavior or security risk identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}