{
  "purpose": "This script automates the initialization and setup of a full-stack web development project, including cloning a template repository, installing dependencies, configuring files, and adding features.",
  "sources": "User inputs (project_name, selected_features), external repository clone (https://github.com/Soulflys02/web-dev-framework.git), subprocess commands, file operations (open, write, move, delete).",
  "sinks": "Shell commands executed via subprocess.run (installing packages, cloning repo, running build commands), file modifications (writing to settings and config files), moving files and directories.",
  "flows": "User inputs → cloning repository → executing shell commands for setup and installation → file operations for configuration and feature addition.",
  "anomalies": "Use of subprocess with shell=True, which may allow command injection if inputs are not sanitized. No explicit input validation for project_name or feature selections, though most inputs are from prompts. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The code relies on external repositories and template files, which if malicious, could introduce harmful code or backdoors. No evidence of obfuscated code or hidden malicious logic, but the code executes many file operations that could be exploited if the template repository contains malicious files.",
  "analysis": "The script clones a repository from a public URL, then performs numerous file manipulations and shell commands to set up a project environment. The use of subprocess with shell=True could be risky if any input is improperly sanitized, but here inputs are controlled via prompts. The code itself does not include malicious logic; however, it depends heavily on the external template repository. If that repository contains malicious files, scripts, or backdoors, they will be incorporated into the setup. The code dynamically modifies project configuration files and moves feature-specific files, which could be abused if the template repository is compromised. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. Overall, the code acts as a bootstrapper without evident malicious behavior, but the security depends on the trustworthiness of the external repository.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a project setup automation tool with potential risks stemming from reliance on external repositories and the execution of shell commands. There is no explicit malicious behavior within the code itself, but its security posture depends on the integrity of the cloned repository and proper sanitization of inputs. The use of subprocess with shell=True warrants caution, though inputs are controlled. Overall, it appears safe provided the external repository is trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 2
}