{
  "purpose": "Dynamically imports serializers and token creation functions based on Django settings, enabling configurable serialization behavior.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration strings from Django settings (e.g., 'REST_AUTH_TOKEN_CREATOR', 'REST_AUTH_SERIALIZERS') to determine which callables to import.",
  "sinks": "The import_callable function executes code based on external configuration, potentially executing malicious code if settings are compromised.",
  "flows": "Retrieves configuration strings from settings -> import_callable executes the specified callables -> serializers are instantiated or used in application.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, suspicious code, or obfuscation detected. The pattern relies on external configuration, which could be manipulated if settings are maliciously altered.",
  "analysis": "The code performs dynamic imports of serializer classes and token creators based on external settings, which is a common pattern in configurable Django applications. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The primary security concern is that if the settings are maliciously altered, arbitrary code could be executed. The code itself is straightforward and does not contain any malicious behavior. The risk is primarily external, related to configuration integrity. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The security risk score is approximately 0.2, reflecting the potential danger if settings are compromised, but in a controlled environment, the code is safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code is standard for configurable Django applications, with no inherent malicious behavior or obfuscation. The main security consideration is ensuring that external settings are securely managed and validated to prevent malicious code execution. The scores assigned (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: ~0.2) are appropriate given the analysis. Overall, the code is safe when proper configuration management is enforced.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}