{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Promise class adhering to the Promises/A+ specification, providing asynchronous programming capabilities with support for resolution, rejection, chaining, and utility functions for handling multiple promises and converting other async objects.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from various internal attributes such as '_handlers', '_value', '_reason', and '_future'. It also reads input via the executor function passed to the constructor, and methods like 'then', 'resolve', and 'reject' can accept untrusted data. It inspects objects for promise-like behavior and coroutines.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the resolution and rejection handlers, where untrusted data might be used improperly. The 'get' and 'future' properties await promise resolution and may expose untrusted values. 'resolve' and 'reject' methods can set internal state with external data. However, there are no direct data leakage points or network interactions within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources such as executor functions or passed objects through promise resolution or rejection, into internal state variables ('_value', '_reason', '_handlers'). These values are then used in promise chaining, resolution, or rejection handlers. The flow does not include any external data exfiltration or network activity.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses deprecated methods with warnings, but these are standard for backward compatibility. There is no hardcoded credential or secret storage. The code does utilize 'weakref.WeakKeyDictionary' and 'async_instance' for managing asynchronous behavior. No signs of obfuscated or malicious code, such as dynamic code execution, suspicious imports, or hidden backdoors. The 'warn' function is used for deprecation warnings, which is benign. The use of 'WeakKeyDictionary' and dynamic handler management appears consistent with a promise implementation.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a Promise class with comprehensive features like chaining, resolution, rejection, and utility methods for handling multiple promises and converting various async constructs. The input data includes executor functions, resolved objects, or coroutines. The sinks are mainly internal state variables and handlers that process data. No external network calls, file modifications, or suspicious code injection are present. The code follows standard asynchronous programming patterns, with attention to proper state management and error handling. The use of 'warn' for deprecations and 'WeakKeyDictionary' for internal tracking is typical. No anomalies indicating malicious behavior were found.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of a Promise pattern with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles asynchronous operations securely and does not contain hidden backdoors, network activity, or malicious data leaks. Overall, it is a legitimate Promise implementation, although care should be taken when passing untrusted data into 'resolve' or 'reject' functions, which is standard for promise-based code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}