{
  "purpose": "The code exports functions related to database management and recognition record handling, likely as part of a larger application or module.",
  "sources": "The code imports functions from a local module named 'main'.",
  "sinks": "The functions such as execute_custom_sql and various query/update functions could potentially be sinks if they are used with untrusted input, especially execute_custom_sql.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data input (e.g., user input or external data) could flow into functions like execute_custom_sql or query functions, which then execute SQL statements, possibly leading to injection if inputs are not sanitized.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code is straightforward and consists only of import and export statements. There is no obfuscated code or dynamic execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code solely re-exports functions imported from a local module 'main'. No implementation details are provided, so direct analysis of function behaviors is impossible. The functions' names suggest standard database operations: checking/creating databases, inserting/querying/deleting records, and executing custom SQL. Since these functions are imported rather than defined here, potential security risks depend on their internal implementation, which is unknown. The presence of execute_custom_sql is notable; if its input is not sanitized, it could be a vector for SQL injection. However, without the function code, this is speculative. No signs of obfuscation, malicious payloads, or hidden code are detected. The structure is standard for module exports.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical re-export module for database-related functions. No malicious behavior or security issues are evident from this fragment alone. The primary concern is the use of execute_custom_sql, which could pose a risk if improperly handled elsewhere, but that cannot be determined here. Overall, this appears to be safe, assuming proper implementation of the imported functions.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}