{
  "purpose": "Provides an abstract framework and implementations (including mocks) for executing SQL commands, fetching data, and saving tables in a Databricks environment. It handles error translation and supports multiple backends such as SDK, Spark, and mock testing.",
  "sources": "SQL command strings, environment variables (e.g., 'DATABRICKS_RUNTIME_VERSION'), SDK and Spark API calls, external library imports.",
  "sinks": "Execution of SQL commands, creation and truncation of tables, data serialization into SQL statements, error handling based on message patterns.",
  "flows": "Input data or commands flow into SQL string construction or SDK/Spark API calls; errors or results flow back through exception handling or return iterators.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation detected. The code employs standard patterns for database interaction and testing.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, standard implementation of backend classes for SQL execution and testing in a Databricks context. It constructs SQL commands via string concatenation, which could pose injection risks if external inputs are untrusted, but no such inputs are shown here. Error handling is based on message pattern matching, which is typical. The mock backend is designed for testing and does not contain malicious logic. No obfuscation or malicious payloads are present. The overall security risk is low, with a malware score of 0 and obfuscation score of 0. The risk score of 0.2 reflects potential external misuse if inputs are not sanitized, but this is outside the scope of the code itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, transparent implementation of SQL and Spark backends with no signs of malicious activity or sabotage. The minor security concern relates to potential SQL injection if external inputs are not sanitized, but this is a common and external concern rather than an inherent vulnerability or malicious intent. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk score is 0.2, which is justified and appropriate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}