{
  "purpose": "This script provides an interactive CLI for setting up a new agent project, including configuration and starter code generation.",
  "sources": "Input sources include user prompts via questionary (e.g., directory path, agent details, steps, tool arguments). File system operations (os.makedirs, open) reading configuration paths.",
  "sinks": "File writing operations (yaml.dump, open for writing), path constructions, and dynamic code generation for the Python starter script.",
  "flows": "User inputs flow into configuration data structures, which are serialized into YAML files. The generated Python script loads these configs and sets up an agent instance, with potential dynamic parts depending on user choices.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious hardcoded IPs/domains are present. The code constructs files and configurations based on user input. The code generation for the starter script is straightforward and does not include obfuscated or suspicious code snippets. No unusual control flow or hidden behaviors are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily acts as an interactive setup utility, collecting project configuration details, and writing configuration and starter code files. It uses standard libraries and third-party modules (questionary, yaml). There are no signs of malicious activities such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden payloads. It does not execute untrusted code or connect to external servers. All operations are based on user input for project setup, with safe file and directory handling. The script does not process or execute code from untrusted sources beyond simple file writing and configuration serialization. No malware or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The script functions as a benign project initialization utility. It safely gathers user input to generate configuration and starter code files for an agent project. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}