{
  "purpose": "This code computes the times and states of calendar alarms, considering various calendar software behaviors and RFC 9074 standards.",
  "sources": "Input sources include alarm components (Alarm objects), parent calendar components (Event or Todo), and their properties such as TRIGGER, ACKNOWLEDGED, and snooze attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks are the creation of AlarmTime objects which process trigger times, acknowledged states, and snooze states. No external system or network calls are present.",
  "flows": "Alarm components are added via add_component, which processes alarms and their associated properties, then computes alarm times considering start/end offsets, acknowledgments, and snoozes, generating AlarmTime objects. These objects are then used to determine active alarms.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears clean and structured with no signs of obfuscated or unusual code constructs. All attribute accesses are straightforward. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious logic are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a calendar alarm processing module that reads alarm properties, acknowledges, and snoozes states, and computes alarm trigger times accordingly. It handles different calendar software behaviors, such as Thunderbird's snooze and acknowledgment attributes. The logic relies on standard date/time manipulations, timezone handling, and alarm repeat calculations. No network operations, data leaks, or suspicious code patterns are present. All data flows are internal and benign. The code correctly raises exceptions for incomplete information, consistent with its purpose. It does not contain any obfuscated logic or potentially malicious routines.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured calendar alarm computation module with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs expected date/time calculations and handles calendar-specific alarm acknowledgment features without any suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}