{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and data structure definitions for the verifiedpermissions service, providing type safety and documentation for API data exchange.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (__future__, sys, datetime, typing, typing_extensions), local modules (.literals), and the entire class and variable definitions within the file.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe data handling points include input parameters in TypedDict definitions, especially those marked as NotRequired, which could be manipulated if used improperly; however, this file is purely declarative with no runtime behavior.",
  "flows": "No runtime data flows are present; this code only declares data structures. In actual use, data from external sources (inputs) would flow into these structures and be passed to API functions that are not shown here.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or behavior is present. The code is a static declaration of data types with no executable logic, network calls, or dynamic code execution. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The use of 'sys.version_info' for conditional imports is standard for compatibility.",
  "analysis": "The file contains purely static type definitions using TypedDict and Union constructs, serving as type annotations for a larger codebase. It imports standard and third-party libraries appropriately, with conditional imports based on Python version. The data structures are detailed and comprehensive, aligning with API schema requirements. No functions or executable code are present, eliminating the risk of malicious runtime behavior. The code's design is typical for SDK or API client library type declarations, with no evidence of malicious or maliciously intended behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a non-executable, purely declarative module defining data structures for type safety and clarity in the verifiedpermissions SDK. There are no signs of malicious code, sabotage, or security risks within this file. It appears to be a standard, well-structured type definitions module.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}