{
  "purpose": "The code provides type annotations and paginators for the AWS RDS service client, facilitating type-safe iteration over paginated API responses.",
  "sources": "The code reads module metadata, imports external libraries (sys, typing, botocore), and defines classes and methods that invoke the 'get_paginator' method on an AWS RDS client instance.",
  "sinks": "The code calls 'client.get_paginator' with various operation names; this is standard usage and does not process untrusted input directly. No data leaks or insecure data handling are apparent.",
  "flows": "The typical flow is: user code calls 'client.get_paginator(operation_name)', then calls 'paginate' with parameters, which yields paged responses. No untrusted data sources or sinks are explicitly present; the flow is straightforward and type-safe.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious logic are present. The code mainly consists of class definitions, type annotations, and docstrings referencing AWS documentation. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily auto-generated or boilerplate, providing structured type hints for paginators. It adheres to standard patterns for AWS SDK usage with boto3. The conditional imports for 'Unpack' are compatible with modern Python versions. No suspicious code paths, network activity, or data manipulation are evident. The code does not process external inputs or include any logic that could be exploited maliciously. The pattern of defining classes for each paginator with a 'paginate' method that calls 'get_paginator' is typical and safe.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a secure, well-structured type annotation layer for AWS RDS paginators. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It appears to be auto-generated or boilerplate, aimed at improving static analysis and developer tooling. Overall, it poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}