{
  "purpose": "The provided code defines abstract classes and utilities for database and cloud storage connectors, including methods for querying, exporting, appending, and replacing data. It appears to be part of a data pipeline or integration system.",
  "sources": "Input data may come from external data sources accessed via methods like _query, _export, or external file and URL references in methods such as _append_export and _replace_export.",
  "sinks": "Data can be sent to Tinybird via methods like append_data, append_url, and replace_url. External URLs and files are used as sinks in the export and replace processes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (query results, files, URLs) through export functions, then to sinks like Tinybird or cloud storage via append or replace methods.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. Use of temporary files and external data handling appears standard. No obfuscated code, no untrusted external domain calls, and no hidden backdoors are present. Logging and exception handling are standard.",
  "analysis": "The code consists mainly of abstract classes and utility functions for data connectors, with methods for exporting, appending, replacing data, and handling temporary files. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors. It relies on external modules (errors, logger, tinybird) and standard libraries, with no suspicious code patterns. The code primarily manages data flow and resource cleanup with proper exception handling. There are no hardcoded secrets or insecure patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical data connector framework without malicious intent. It facilitates data querying and uploading operations securely, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}