{
  "purpose": "Analysis of open-source Python dependency code for malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks.",
  "sources": "Code input, environment variables, network connections, file I/O, dynamic execution points such as eval/exec, suspicious imports.",
  "sinks": "Network transmission points, file write/read, subprocess calls, eval/exec execution, environment variable access.",
  "flows": "Sources such as untrusted input or environment variables flow into eval/exec or network transmission functions, potentially leading to data exfiltration or remote code execution.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval/exec on untrusted data, hardcoded IPs or credentials, unvalidated input, suspicious network activity, obfuscation patterns, dynamic code execution, unusual import patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code exhibits typical source points such as untrusted input, environment variables, or network data. Sinks include network sockets, file operations, and eval/exec calls. Flows from sources to sinks are suspicious when untrusted data reaches network transmission or dynamic execution points without validation. Anomalies like hardcoded IPs, use of eval/exec, or obfuscation suggest malicious intent. Benign scripts lack these patterns. Suspicious behaviors such as dynamic code execution, network activity, and hardcoded addresses increase malware likelihood. The scores assigned (malware: 0.75, obfuscated: 0, risk: 0.8) for the malicious example are justified. Benign scripts with no suspicious patterns are scored low (malware: 0, risk: 0). Overall, the analysis aligns with the described behaviors, and scores are consistent with the threat levels.",
  "conclusion": "The code review indicates that benign scripts are correctly scored with low malware and risk levels, while scripts exhibiting malicious patterns are appropriately scored higher. The use of eval/exec, hardcoded IPs, and unvalidated inputs are key indicators of malicious intent, justifying the higher malware and risk scores. No adjustments are necessary; the assessments are justified and consistent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.75,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}