{
  "purpose": "The code provides tools for discovering and reading application source code files within directories, with functions to identify possible root directories and retrieve file contents for analysis.",
  "sources": "Reads file contents from disk using open() with user-specified directory paths, and accesses sys.modules and sys.argv for runtime information.",
  "sinks": "File reading (open) potentially processes untrusted files; regex matching on directory paths; returning data structures that could contain sensitive or unexpected data.",
  "flows": "User specifies directory -> get_my_application_code reads files -> file contents returned for analysis; autodiscover_possible_root_dir gathers potential directories -> used by agent to decide which code to analyze.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code accesses runtime sys module info which could reveal runtime environment details. The agent system and instructions do not contain suspicious code but indicate an environment where code introspection occurs.",
  "analysis": "The script is designed for source code discovery and analysis, not executing any untrusted code or performing network operations. It handles file reading with error handling, skips hidden/system files, and limits file reads to avoid overload. The only external dependency is the 'google.adk.agents' import, which appears to be part of a framework for code analysis agents. No malware-like behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or malicious code execution is present. The logic is straightforward, with no obfuscated or malicious patterns. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The code is well-structured and primarily aims to assist in safe code analysis, not executing or modifying arbitrary data beyond file reading.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a utility for discovering and reading application source files, intended for code analysis, debugging, or environment understanding. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The only potential concern is runtime environment information exposure, which is common in analysis tools but not malicious. Overall, the code appears safe with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}