{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python class for managing groups and members in a Databricks environment through API calls.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as 'parent_name', 'name', 'name_type', 'group_name', and 'url'. These are used to construct API request payloads and URLs.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the '_post' and '_get' methods which send data to external APIs. These functions could potentially transmit sensitive data if present in the payload or parameters.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (sources) into payload dictionaries and then into the '_post' or '_get' methods (sinks). For example, 'name' and 'name_type' flow into payloads for adding/removing members or listing parents, then sent via HTTP requests.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or obfuscated code are present. Exception handling is limited to raising custom exceptions for unsupported types. The code dynamically constructs URLs and payloads based on parameters, which is standard. No suspicious network activity or system modifications are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward API wrapper for group management within Databricks. It validates 'name_type' to be either 'user' or 'group', and raises exceptions otherwise. The payloads and URLs are constructed dynamically based on input parameters. No external data is processed that could lead to data leaks or injection vulnerabilities. The methods mainly invoke external API calls via '_post' and '_get', which are assumed to be secure if implemented correctly. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code relies on standard exception handling for unsupported types.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard API wrapper for Databricks group management functions. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. It operates by constructing API requests based on input parameters and handling typical operations such as adding/removing members and listing groups. There are no signs of malware, data exfiltration, or security breaches.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}