{
  "purpose": "This code provides a class for managing groups and members in a Databricks environment through API calls, including creating, listing, adding, removing, and deleting groups and members.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'parent_name', 'name', 'name_type', 'group_name', and 'return_type'. It also constructs URLs and payloads for API requests.",
  "sinks": "The code performs POST and GET requests via methods like self._post and self._get, which are potential sinks if the data or URLs are maliciously crafted. The payloads include user and group identifiers, but are constructed from input parameters rather than external sources.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to build payloads, which are sent via API calls. URLs are constructed using internal methods, and data flows from parameters through payload construction into API request methods.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code does not process or execute untrusted data in a way that could lead to code injection. Exception handling is minimal but proper. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution is present. The URL construction methods are not detailed, so their security depends on their implementation. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or system damage are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly wraps API interactions for managing groups and members in Databricks. It validates 'name_type' inputs to prevent invalid data. The payloads are straightforward, and no user input is directly executed or evaluated. The API endpoints and payloads are constructed dynamically but from controlled input parameters, reducing risk. There are no indications of malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The methods rely on internal functions (_set_url, _post, _get) whose implementations are not shown but are assumed to perform standard HTTP requests. No hardcoded secrets, no use of insecure practices, and no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard API wrapper for group management in Databricks, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It handles inputs carefully and does not include any suspicious or malicious behaviors. The overall security risk is low, assuming the underlying request methods are secure and properly implemented.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}