{
  "purpose": "The code provides high-level functions for reading, writing, anonymizing, cropping, renaming, and modifying EDF files, primarily used for processing biomedical signal data.",
  "sources": "Reads input files from the filesystem (e.g., edf_file, edf_source, edf_target), reads annotations, channel labels, and header information from EDF files, and takes user input for channel selection and modifications.",
  "sinks": "Writes output files (new or overwritten EDF files), potentially with altered headers or signals. Reads input files and writes to new files; no external network or data exfiltration code present.",
  "flows": "Sources include file reads and user inputs; data flows into processing functions that manipulate signals and headers; sinks are file write operations that save the processed EDF data. No external network or command execution flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Functions are standard for EDF file handling, with no obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or misleading variable names. Warnings are used appropriately, and no code appears to perform malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically handles EDF files by reading, writing, modifying headers, cropping, renaming channels, and changing signal polarity. It relies on pyedflib and standard Python libraries. No network communication, command execution, or data exfiltration is present. No hardcoded secrets, malicious data leaks, or backdoors identified. The only potential concern is if user-supplied filenames or parameters are maliciously crafted; however, input validation appears adequate. The functions are designed for data processing and do not contain any code that would harm or spy on the system.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of utilities for EDF file processing with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs expected tasks related to signal data handling and header management. There is no evidence of malware, data theft, or malicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}