{
  "purpose": "The code provides various validation functions for configuring, inserting, updating, deleting, querying, detokenizing, and tokenizing data in a Skyflow vault system, ensuring data integrity and correct request formats.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as configs, requests, credentials, query parameters, and path parameters. Data read from request objects, configs, and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Logging functions, raising exceptions, and validation checks. No direct data output, network, or file system sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (sources) flows through validation functions, which check formats and values. On validation failure, logs are generated, and exceptions are raised, preventing further processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. No signs of obfuscation or unusual language features. The code performs standard validation procedures. No backdoors or hidden behaviors are evident. Validation functions are thorough and do not execute untrusted code or external commands.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly performs input validation for various configuration and request types related to the Skyflow system. It verifies types, presence, and value constraints. No network calls, file operations, or dynamic code execution are present. The functions do not manipulate or leak data externally, nor do they perform suspicious operations. They only raise errors or log issues upon invalid inputs, which is standard practice. The use of environment variables, environment checks, and credential validations appears legitimate. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive validation module that enforces correct request and configuration formats. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. It operates solely within validation and error handling boundaries, making it safe and appropriate for production use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}