{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Python SDK for interacting with the Deepgram API, providing client classes, configuration handling, version management, and deprecated methods.",
  "sources": "Input sources include environment variables (os.getenv), optional configuration objects passed during instantiation, and potentially user input via API keys.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows through dynamic module imports (import_module), class instantiation via reflection (getattr), and potentially through API keys used for authentication.",
  "flows": "API key source -> SDK initialization -> dynamic import of versioned client classes -> instantiation of client classes based on version and type.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic module importing with variable paths and class names, which could be exploited if manipulated; no hardcoded secrets or credentials found; no evidence of code injecting or executing untrusted code beyond safe reflection. Deprecated methods simply return class instances.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles configuration, dynamic loading of SDK components, and client management. It employs safe Python practices for dynamic imports, with proper error handling if modules or classes are missing. No signs of malicious code such as system calls, network communication outside the SDK, or backdoors are present. The use of environment variables for API keys and the reflection-based version handling is typical for SDKs and does not indicate malicious intent. There are no suspicious data leaks, code injections, or privacy violations. The code includes deprecated methods which are harmless, merely returning class instances. The overall structure appears to be a well-designed SDK interface without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard SDK implementation for API interaction with safe practices. No evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage detected. It does employ dynamic module loading, but this is controlled and typical for versioned SDK architectures. Overall, the risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}