{
  "purpose": "The code appears to process a list of values by applying a transformation, calculating averages, and returning specific statistical metrics (such as 25th, 50th, and 75th percentiles). It seems intended for data analysis or statistical computation.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'values' parameter passed to functions, and from an imported module .utils, specifically from functions XvGDdVaVVkTYKUQJEKdAkMHbQkXLxmAK and WifyQPbFEDbIwiyRvUyvuJzHxurnXgXi.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly output or store untrusted data outside its functions. There are no evident sinks that send data over networks, write to files, or expose sensitive info.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'values' parameter through transformation functions, including an external transformation (from utils), into statistical calculations, and then into returned percentile-based selections.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses obfuscated or non-descriptive variable and function names, which could be an attempt to hide its purpose. The imported functions from utils have random names, and the main functions are also named with nonsensical identifiers. The purpose of the transformations is unclear due to lack of context.",
  "analysis": "The code imports functions with obfuscated names from a utils module, applies these transformations to input data, and computes average and percentiles (25th, 50th, 75th). It uses a custom median calculation, and the logic for percentile selection includes boundary checks. The obfuscation suggests an attempt to hide intent, but the operations themselves are standard statistical computations. No malicious code or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. The functions are designed for data analysis rather than malicious activities. The import of obscure functions is suspicious but not necessarily malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to perform statistical analysis on input data, with heavy obfuscation and nonsensical naming. There is no clear evidence of malicious behavior or malicious data flow. The obfuscation could be an attempt to hide malicious intent, but based on the operations alone, it seems more aligned with data processing. Nonetheless, the high level of obfuscation warrants caution.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}