{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of custom exception classes for handling various errors related to Confluence API interactions within a Sphinx extension. Its primary purpose is to provide meaningful error messages and categorize specific failure conditions during Confluence integration.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from parameters passed into exception constructors, such as URLs, error codes, details, page names, IDs, and other configuration data.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks in the code; it does not perform data output, network operations, or execute untrusted input directly. It simply constructs error messages with input data for raising exceptions.",
  "flows": "The flow involves data being passed into exception constructors (sources) which then format and include this data in exception messages. These are used when certain errors occur during Confluence API interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code only defines error classes with descriptive messages. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of class definitions for various error types related to Confluence. It uses standard Python practices for defining custom exceptions with message formatting. No network operations, data processing, or input handling beyond message construction occur. All data passed into exception constructors are used only within formatted error messages, which is safe. No signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or security risks are detected. The code appears to be a straightforward error handling module for a Sphinx Confluence extension.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of well-structured exception classes meant to handle specific Confluence API error scenarios. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It functions solely to improve error reporting in the extension. Overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}