{
  "purpose": "The code implements a parser for infix expressions using the shunting yard algorithm, primarily for parsing formulas and linear constraints, with a focus on error reporting and token handling.",
  "sources": "Reads tokens from a token stream (iterates over 'tokens' input), uses token attributes such as type, origin, and extra, and accesses token types and operators defined within the code.",
  "sinks": "Creates ParseNode objects and manipulates token data; no explicit sinks such as network or file I/O are present; no untrusted data is directly written or transmitted.",
  "flows": "Tokens are read from the token source, processed through context functions (_read_noun_context, _read_op_context), and result in building a parse tree (noun_stack) with no external data flow outside parsing logic.",
  "anomalies": "Uses a custom _UniqueValue class for internal token type representation, but this is benign. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. The code is a straightforward parser implementation with no suspicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a parser for infix expressions, with classes for tokens, parse nodes, and operators. It uses the shunting yard algorithm, with clear separation of token reading (_read_noun_context, _read_op_context) and node reduction (_run_op). The only data input is token streams, and output is a parse tree. No external network, file I/O, or environment variable usage is observed. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious data leakage, or malicious behavior. The code appears to be a standard parser implementation with no malicious intent or supply chain attacks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured implementation of a parser for infix expressions. It does not contain any malicious code, backdoors, or security risks. It performs expected parsing functions without external data leaks or harmful behavior. The security risk is very low, and the malware likelihood is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}