{
  "purpose": "The code implements a parser for infix expressions using the shunting yard algorithm, primarily for parsing formulas or linear constraints in a larger system.",
  "sources": "The code reads input tokens from a token source (iterator over tokens). It also reads data from tokens' 'type', 'origin', and 'extra' attributes, which are set during token creation.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs ParseNode objects and manipulates origins for error reporting. It does not perform any network, file, or system calls. No direct data leakage or malicious data handling is observed.",
  "flows": "Tokens are read from the token source; _read_noun_context and _read_op_context process tokens, pushing and popping from stacks; _run_op creates parse nodes; infix_parse manages the overall flow.",
  "anomalies": "Use of custom _UniqueValue class for singleton tokens (LPAREN, RPAREN). No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No unsafe eval or dynamic code execution. The code is structured for parsing and error reporting without unusual or suspicious code segments.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of the shunting yard algorithm for parsing infix expressions. It defines token, operator, and parse node classes, handles parentheses, unary, and binary operators. It manages token flow and stack operations securely, with no evidence of malicious behavior. The only potentially concerning aspect is the custom token types for parentheses, but these are well-defined and benign. No network or file operations, no hardcoded secrets, or suspicious behavior. The code is clean, with no obfuscation or malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard parser implementation for infix expressions, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs parsing and error reporting tasks safely, without unsafe operations or malicious behavior. It appears to be well-structured, with no anomalies indicating sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}