{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for interacting with the UN Comtrade API, retrieving tariff, data, and batch processing information, and downloading files based on batch processing status.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as subscription keys, endpoint URLs, type codes, frequency codes, classification codes, and optional environment variables for proxies.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to external URLs, file system writes for downloaded files, and JSON parsing of API responses.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> API request URLs and headers -> HTTP GET requests -> Response handling -> Conditional download of files based on batch status.",
  "anomalies": "Use of hardcoded URL strings, repetitive request loops with fixed sleep intervals, extensive parameter passing, and dynamic construction of URLs and request headers. No hardcoded secrets are evident beyond API keys passed as parameters. Proxy usage via environment variables could potentially be exploited if environment variables are maliciously set.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily interacts with an external API, sending requests with provided credentials and parameters. It repeatedly polls for batch status updates, then downloads files once processing is complete. All requests are standard GET requests with no evident data injection or code execution. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible within the code; all sensitive data is passed via parameters. The looping mechanism for polling batch status is typical for async API processing and does not indicate malicious intent. Proxy management is present, which could be exploited if environment variables are maliciously set, but this is an optional feature. The file download process involves straightforward HTTP requests and file writes, with no suspicious or obfuscated code involved.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API interaction script for data retrieval and file downloading, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It employs standard techniques for API polling and file handling, with potential minor security considerations related to proxy environment variables. No malware or suspicious anomalies detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}