{
  "purpose": "The code implements a schema builder class system for generating JSON schemas, allowing for customization and extension via strategies and schema merging.",
  "sources": "Reads include imports (json, warnings, local modules), class attribute access, method parameters (schema, obj, schema_uri), and internal class attributes (e.g., schema strategies, schema dictionaries).",
  "sinks": "Methods that output data such as 'to_json', 'to_schema', and 'to_dict' generate serialized JSON or schema dicts. No direct untrusted data sinks are evident; the main concern is if input data (schemas, objects) contain malicious content.",
  "flows": "Input data (schemas, objects) are added via 'add_schema' and 'add_object', processed internally through methods, and output as JSON strings or dicts via 'to_json', 'to_schema'. No external data is fetched or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, backdoors, or hardcoded secrets are present. The code uses dynamic class creation and inheritance, but these are standard metaprogramming techniques. No obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a schema builder framework with flexible strategies and schema merging capabilities. It uses class inheritance, dynamic class creation for node classes, and standard JSON serialization. There are no indications of malicious payloads or secret data handling. The only minor concern could be deprecated warnings but they are harmless. Overall, the code appears purely functional and intended for schema generation without any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a JSON schema builder with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles data input and output responsibly, with no hidden backdoors, secret data leaks, or external network activity. The code is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}