{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive logging framework with features for log level control, sensitive data redaction, log decoding, suppression, and configuration management. It facilitates detailed logging, log verification, and flexible output handling, including console, files, and HTML logs.",
  "sources": "Functions read input from parameters, internal configuration modules, and external log files or HTML content. Sensitive data redaction and log decoding involve reading embedded data and HTML contents.",
  "sinks": "Log messages are sent to internal loggers, console (stdout/stderr), files, or embedded in HTML logs. Log verification functions read from streams or files. No suspicious data flows or external network sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and configuration settings flow into internal log handlers; sensitive data redaction functions modify data before logging; log decoding functions process embedded or HTML-encoded data; verification functions read logs for analysis.",
  "anomalies": "The use of 'literal_eval' in 'iter_decoded_log_format_from_log_html_contents' could pose a risk if the HTML content is untrusted, as it may allow code execution or injection if manipulated maliciously. No other anomalies detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, feature-rich logging utility with functions for logging, suppression, redaction, log setup, and verification. It uses standard modules and patterns, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious code. The use of sys._getframe and exception info is typical for debugging and logging purposes. The potential risk in log decoding via 'literal_eval' is noted but is a common pattern assuming trusted input. No network activity, backdoors, or code injection mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-designed logging framework with no signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The minor security concern relates to processing embedded HTML logs with 'literal_eval', which could be exploited if the logs are from untrusted sources. Overall, the code is safe and appropriate for production use, with a very low security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}