{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate various types of visualizations using the Streamlit and Vega-Lite libraries, with functions to prepare and process data for plotting.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, external data structures (e.g., mVJGvcsmoqQAfAsFyEVhYaKjdYeOrtXC), and dictionary lookups. Data transformations are also performed via methods like melt.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage occurs through the use of st.vega_lite_chart which renders visualizations possibly exposing data. Data processing functions could be manipulated if inputs are untrusted. No explicit network communication or file access is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through data transformation functions (e.g., melt, scale adjustments), into visualization configurations, and then is rendered via streamlit's chart functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated variable names, such as 'uYFEUELZaBFIMVOOjNkVgcMLBKzyNubg', and complex nested function calls that obscure the logic. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The use of dynamic data structure updates is typical for visualization prep. No explicit malicious functions like network connections or file modifications are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides multiple functions to generate various types of plots, with extensive parameter handling and data manipulation. While the variable names are obfuscated, the logic seems focused on data transformation and visualization. No network activity, file I/O, or suspicious external calls are evident. The structure suggests legitimate visualization purposes. The obfuscation is likely an attempt to hide internal logic but does not indicate malicious intent. No malicious payloads or backdoors are detected. Overall, the code appears to be a complex but legitimate visualization utility with obfuscation applied.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a collection of visualization functions using Streamlit and Vega-Lite, with obfuscated variable names and complex data processing. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or malicious data exfiltration. The obfuscation might be for code concealment but does not inherently indicate malicious intent. Security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}