{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to generate and display various Streamlit Vega-Lite charts with customizable parameters, data transformations, and visual settings.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, especially from variables such as mVJGvcsmoqQAfAsFyEVhYaKjdYeOrtXC, bar, value, date, and configuration arguments like RhpVVjSnzyjiRvzQhMFSVBXbZAWuriHX. Data transformations occur via deep copies, data melting, and dictionary updates.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into streamlit's st.vega_lite_chart() calls, which render visualizations based on the prepared chart specification dictionaries.",
  "flows": "Input parameters → data transformations and configurations → chart specification dictionaries → st.vega_lite_chart() rendering function.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses obscure variable names with no documentation, and constructs complex nested dictionaries without clear validation or sanitization. The functions heavily rely on dynamic dictionary updates, melt operations, and data transformations, which are potential vectors for malicious injection if input data is untrusted. However, all data inputs are function parameters, and no network or external data sources are accessed. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The code appears to generate visualizations with configurable parameters, with no evident malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of functions that create and configure visualization specifications for Vega-Lite within a Streamlit app. The functions accept data and configuration parameters, manipulate dictionaries for chart specs, and invoke Streamlit's chart rendering. No external data fetching, network activity, or system commands are present. Variable names are obscure, but their usage is consistent with standard data transformation and visualization setup. The functions perform typical data melting, scale, and encoding adjustments, with no suspicious code injection, code execution, or data exfiltration observed. The overall structure suggests obfuscated variable naming rather than malicious obfuscation. There are no indications of hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious network communication. Overall, the code appears to be standard, albeit with non-descriptive naming and complex data handling, which could be malicious if inputs are untrusted, but in this context, it is likely benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of functions for creating and displaying Vega-Lite charts with various customization options in Streamlit. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. The main concern is the obscure variable naming, but that does not imply malicious intent. The code's purpose is to facilitate data visualization, with no external data or network activities indicating malicious supply chain risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}