{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a collection of visualization and data processing functions using libraries such as Streamlit and Vega-Lite, likely for creating various types of charts and handling data transformations.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are mainly from function parameters, especially data dictionaries, dataframes, or other data structures passed into functions. The code reads data from these inputs and sometimes from object attributes, with some functions accessing dictionary items.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calls to 'st.vega_lite_chart' which render visualizations, and 'st.vega_lite_chart' could potentially process untrusted data. There are no network, file, or system command calls, and no code injection points are evident. The visualization functions are the primary output points.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (like data structures and dataframes) through various transformations and processing functions, including melting, scaling, and data modification, ultimately leading to calls to visualization functions that render charts.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious string patterns are present. The functions are heavily parameterized and perform typical data visualization and transformation tasks. No obfuscated code, code injection, or malicious control flow detected. Some variable names are nonsensical or obfuscated, but this alone is not conclusive of malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines multiple functions for data manipulation and visualization, often wrapping 'streamlit' and 'vega_lite_chart' calls. It includes functions for handling different plot types, data melting, encoding, and transformations, all of which seem to be standard data visualization workflows. The use of generic variable names and utility functions (e.g., 'NjfgFPeNeHUnjIkYhTIHCJnnyDVdWuuh') adds obfuscation, but their internal logic appears to be straightforward data processing without malicious intent. No network activity, system modification, or suspicious data exfiltration code is evident. The functions focus on transforming data and rendering charts, typical for a dashboard or analytics tool.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex, heavily parameterized set of data visualization functions that perform data transformations and render charts in a web app context. Although some variable naming obfuscation exists, there are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The code's purpose aligns with legitimate data processing and visualization tasks, with no evidence of supply chain attacks or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}