{
  "purpose": "Implementations of the Chinese Remainder Theorem and related functions for solving congruences, primarily for mathematical computations and modular arithmetic.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through function arguments, specifically tuples or lists of integers representing residues and moduli.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations and returns integer results; no data is written to external systems, files, or network destinations. There are no evident sinks that could leak data or cause side effects.",
  "flows": "Input residues and moduli flow into functions like solve_congruence, crt, and _crt, which process them to produce a solution integer that satisfies the modular constraints.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. The code relies solely on mathematical operations and standard library functions. No obfuscated or suspicious language features are used. The license comments do not contain malicious indicators.",
  "analysis": "The code provides standard implementations of the Chinese Remainder Theorem and related algorithms, including gcd, extended Euclidean algorithm, and solving systems of congruences. It uses only safe, well-known mathematical functions and straightforward logic. The functions do not perform any external network or file operations, nor do they include hidden or malicious behavior. All operations are consistent with intended mathematical purposes, and no suspicious code patterns or potential security vulnerabilities are evident. The code appears to be a mathematical utility library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign implementation of modular arithmetic algorithms, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is a mathematical utility intended for resolving modular systems. There are no security risks identified within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}