{
  "purpose": "The code implements the Chinese Remainder Theorem and related mathematical functions for solving modular congruences, primarily for use within the ndindex library, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters, including input values for mathematical computations and internal variables during execution.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any external network connections, file operations, or system modifications. No untrusted data handling beyond mathematical inputs, which are not explicitly from external untrusted sources.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., residue and modulus pairs) flow through mathematical functions such as gcdex, _crt, solve_congruence, and crt, resulting in computed solutions for modular equations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hard-coded credentials, or backdoors are present. The code strictly performs mathematical operations, and all functions are standard for implementing the Chinese Remainder Theorem. No obfuscation or misleading variable names are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code provides mathematical functions for solving modular congruences, including gcd, extended Euclidean algorithm, and Chinese Remainder Theorem implementations. It adheres to standard algorithms, with no signs of data leakage, malicious network activity, or unauthorized system access. The functions accept user-provided inputs for residues and moduli, but these are typical for such algorithms. No code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior is detected. The licensing comment indicates reliance on SymPy, but the actual code is standard mathematical logic. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of number theory algorithms.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign mathematical implementation of the Chinese Remainder Theorem and related functions, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It operates solely within the scope of mathematical calculations and does not perform any harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}