{
  "purpose": "Implementation of number theory functions related to the Chinese Remainder Theorem, including gcd, extended Euclidean algorithm, and solving modular systems.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for functions such as gcdex, solve_congruence, crt, and ilcm, which accept user-provided integers or pairs.",
  "sinks": "No external sinks; all data processed internally within mathematical functions. No network, file, or system interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through arithmetic operations and iterative algorithms within each function, culminating in the returned mathematical results.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors detected. The code is straightforward and well-documented.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard, well-known number theory algorithms for gcd, extended Euclidean algorithm, and Chinese Remainder Theorem. It relies solely on mathematical computations with no external data handling or system modifications. Inputs are parameters that could be untrusted, but this is typical for such routines and does not constitute malicious activity. No obfuscation or malicious constructs are present. The functions do not perform network operations, file I/O, or system modifications. The license references SymPy, but the implementation appears to be a standard, benign adaptation. The code's logic is correct, and no vulnerabilities or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard implementation of number theory functions related to the Chinese Remainder Theorem. It contains no malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The scores assigned in the reports—malware=0, obfuscated=0, securityRisk=0.1—are appropriate and consistent with the code's nature. The low security risk score accounts for potential misuse if inputs are untrusted, but this does not reflect actual security flaws within the code itself.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}