{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to render MJML templates using different backends (command line, TCP server, HTTP server).",
  "sources": "Input source is the 'mjml_code' parameter passed to the rendering functions, which is user-controlled data.",
  "sinks": "External command execution via subprocess, network sockets, and HTTP requests are potential sinks. Specifically, subprocess.Popen, socket.sendall, and requests.post are critical points.",
  "flows": "Untrusted MJML code flows from the 'mjml_code' parameter to the subprocess input, socket data, or HTTP request payloads, potentially reaching external commands or network calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. Use of 'force_bytes' and 'force_str' appears standard. The code uses random.shuffle on server lists for load balancing but does not seem malicious. No obfuscated code or misleading variable names are present. Exception handling is thorough. No signs of backdoors or hidden malicious logic. Network calls and subprocess execution are standard for rendering external templates.",
  "analysis": "The code securely handles input MJML data, passing it to external processes or network servers for rendering. It uses temporary files and proper exception handling. Network requests use standard libraries with authentication options, and subprocess calls include error handling. No signs of malicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection. The network interactions are designed for legitimate remote rendering, not suspicious activity. The randomization of server list for load distribution is typical and not malicious. No hardcoded secrets, unusual code constructs, or obfuscated code are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs MJML rendering through various backends without evident malicious intent. It securely manages input, external communication, and subprocess invocation. No indicators of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}