{
  "purpose": "The code implements an SDK for making HTTP requests with support for async and sync operations, security handling, hooks, and retries.",
  "sources": "Input data from function parameters (e.g., request, url_override, http_headers), environment variables via utils.get_security_from_env, and the request object itself.",
  "sinks": "Request building functions (client.build_request), sending requests (client.send / await client.send), and logging output.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and environment data flow into headers, URL, security, and request body construction; these then flow into the request object, which is sent over the network.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for an SDK; no hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious data handling is observed. No unusual dynamic code execution or hidden backdoors detected. Logging includes request and response details but no sensitive information is logged explicitly. No evident malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or network communication to suspicious domains.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs HTTP requests dynamically, including optional security headers and query parameters based on environment and security objects. It supports retries and hook-based customizations for request/response handling. The logging captures detailed request and response info but not sensitive data explicitly. The security handling involves environment-based secrets, which is typical and not suspicious. There is no code that performs malicious actions like data theft, system modifications, or covert communication. Overall, the code is a typical SDK implementation with standard security and logging practices, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard HTTP SDK for making requests with configurable security, retries, and hooks. No malicious or sabotage behavior detected. It appears to be a legitimate library for API interactions without hidden malicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}