{
  "purpose": "This code defines a BaseSDK class for constructing and executing HTTP requests, both synchronously and asynchronously, with hook integrations, security handling, and request customization.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from SDKConfiguration, security info, request data, headers, URL parameters, and environment variables for security credentials.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the build_request method which sends HTTP requests, headers, URL parameters, and request bodies that may carry sensitive data, and the exception handling which may log or propagate errors.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input such as request data, URL override, headers, or security parameters flow into request construction and are used in headers, URL, query parameters, and request body. The constructed request then flows into network sending functions. Exception handling may log or re-raise errors.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain obvious malicious anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Usage of dynamic URL construction and environment-based security is standard. No suspicious data exfiltration or hidden backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured HTTP client SDK implementation with hooks and retries. It uses environment variables for security, which is typical. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscated variables, or hidden behaviors are present. All inputs are used for request building or configuration, with appropriate error handling. The comments and structure indicate the code is for general HTTP request handling and not maliciously crafted. The logging includes debug info, but no sensitive data is explicitly logged. No signs of malware or sabotage observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, standard SDK for building and executing HTTP requests with support for hooks, retries, and security. No malicious intent or malicious code is detected. It follows common patterns for such SDKs and does not exhibit any suspicious or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}