{
  "purpose": "This code defines a deprecated authentication class with several async methods that delegate to an underlying library. It also issues deprecation warnings.",
  "sources": "Reading class attributes, method parameters, and imported modules. Usage of warnings.warn() calls for deprecation notices.",
  "sinks": "Delegated method calls to self.lib methods, potentially untrusted inputs reaching external functions. No direct data leaks or unsafe SQL observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (email, password, token, user_id) flow through delegated library methods. No visible flow to external network or system modifications.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated class and method names; deprecation warnings indicate outdated or unsupported code. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns detected. No obfuscated code or runtime dynamic execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of a class with obfuscated attribute and method names, serving as a wrapper around another library (self.lib). It issues deprecation warnings for the module, class, and methods, suggesting outdated or legacy code. The methods pass input parameters directly to the underlying library functions without additional processing. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification within this code snippet. The use of warnings and obfuscated names might indicate attempts to conceal intent or legacy code, but no active malicious activity is detected based solely on this snippet.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a deprecated wrapper for an authentication library with obfuscated identifiers. There is no evidence of malicious intent or security risks within this code segment. It mainly issues warnings about deprecation and delegates functionality to an external library. No suspicious activities or malicious behaviors are present.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}