{
  "purpose": "The code implements a custom tokenizer for splitting strings into tokens based on various Unicode characters and patterns, primarily for text processing or natural language processing tasks.",
  "sources": "Input text provided through function parameters, command line arguments, or standard input. No external or untrusted sources are directly read within the code.",
  "sinks": "Reconstructed text via 'to_text' method. No data leaks, network connections, or external data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input text is read, processed through regex-based splitting, and tokens are generated with preserved spacing and offsets. No data flows into external systems or untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious patterns observed. Usage of regex for token splitting appears standard for NLP tasks. The code includes comprehensive token handling and text reconstruction. No obfuscation or hidden behavior detected. The only configurable options relate to hyphen/underscore tokenization and contraction replacement.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for token representation and tokenization based on regex pattern matching. It performs pattern-based splitting, handling hyphens, apostrophes, punctuation, and special characters. The logic appears standard and aimed at linguistic tokenization without external dependencies or malicious imports. No network access, file manipulation beyond reading input, or external calls are present. The regex patterns and token processing are typical for text parsing tasks. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious activities are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward tokenizer implementation intended for linguistic text processing. It contains no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It is safe for use from a security perspective. The only potential concern is the possibility of misuse in a malicious context, but technically, the code itself is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}