{
  "purpose": "The code appears to simulate an electron beam passing through electrostatic lenses, specifically designed for physics or engineering purposes involving electric potential and particle trajectory simulation.",
  "sources": "Input data is read primarily from method parameters and class attributes, such as electrode configurations, potential values, initial particle positions, and velocities.",
  "sinks": "Potential data is used internally for potential field calculations and particle dynamics; no data is written to external systems or files, and no network or system commands are invoked.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (electrode configs, initial particle states) influence potential field calculations; the potential field determines electric forces; these forces affect particle velocities; particle trajectories are computed via ODE solver, and results are used for visualization.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or hidden backdoors detected. The code uses standard scientific Python libraries and conventional physics calculations. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic execution, or misleading variable names are present.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically models electrostatic fields and particle trajectories using well-established numerical methods. It contains classes for electrode configuration, potential field solving via iterative relaxation, and particle tracing using scipy's solve_ivp. The potential field is computed without any unsafe or suspicious operations. The particle tracer uses physical formulas for energy and velocity, and the overall system constructs and visualizes trajectories. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or hidden network activity are evident. The code appears to be a legitimate physics simulation tool, with no anomalies or malicious code segments detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate physics simulation script for electrostatic lens modeling and electron trajectory analysis. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It uses standard scientific computing practices and libraries, with no indications of sabotage or malware. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}