{
  "purpose": "The code simulates an electrostatic potential field created by electrodes and traces electron trajectories through the field, primarily for physics or engineering applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through function parameters such as electrode configurations, initial particle positions, energies, and simulation parameters. It also uses numpy arrays and solve_ivp to process potential and trajectory calculations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain explicit data sinks that send untrusted data over networks or write to external files. It performs in-memory calculations and visualizations using matplotlib.",
  "flows": "Input data (electrode configs, initial positions, energies) flow into field setup and particle tracing functions. The potential field data influences particle dynamics via get_field_at_position, which feeds into the particle_dynamics method during solve_ivp. The particle trajectories are computed and then visualized, with no data leaving the system externally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. The code relies on standard scientific libraries and appears well-structured for physics simulation purposes. No suspicious code patterns, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors are detected. No network activity, file I/O, or system commands are present. The code does not attempt to access environment variables, user data, or perform any form of data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes to model electrostatic potential fields, electrodes, and particle trajectories, and provides methods to simulate and visualize electron motion. It uses standard numerical methods (finite difference, Runge-Kutta integration) without any unusual or suspicious logic. There are no signs of code injection, obfuscation, or malicious data handling. All functions are related to physics simulation, with parameters controlled explicitly by the user. The use of numpy, matplotlib, scipy, and dataclasses is standard and safe. No code appears designed to harm or extract data maliciously.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate physics simulation tool for modeling electrostatic fields and electron trajectories. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It is safe to use for intended scientific purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}