{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for manipulating nested dictionaries, including validation, key renaming, key mapping, and merging operations.",
  "sources": "Functions such as keynames_exist, dict_2_list_of_keys, keynames_convert, nestedkey_rename, get_value_from_nestdict, and merge_dict access and modify nested dictionary data. No external input sources are explicitly used in the code.",
  "sinks": "None of the functions directly send data over the network, execute system commands, or access external systems. Potential issues could arise if untrusted data is passed to functions like nestedkey_rename or merge_dict, which modify data structures, but no malicious code or side effects are embedded.",
  "flows": "Input data is validated, transformed, or merged within local data structures. The flow is primarily dictionary manipulation without external data flow or communication. No source-to-sink data flow indicating malicious activity.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain obfuscated constructs, hidden code, or unusual language features. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior such as network communication, system calls, or data exfiltration. The code relies solely on standard dictionary operations and recursion.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for dictionary validation, key mapping, renaming, and merging. All functions operate on provided data structures without external input/output or side effects. No malicious intent or malware patterns are evident. The functions are standard, well-structured, and do not perform any suspicious actions such as network access, file system modification beyond dictionary manipulation, or dynamic code execution. No signs of obfuscation or malicious constructs are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a set of benign utility functions for dictionary processing. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is well-structured and does not exhibit obfuscated or suspicious activity. The overall security risk is minimal, assuming no external malicious input is passed to these functions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}