{
  "purpose": "This script performs automated testing of a SPARQL endpoint using various query formats and content types, primarily to verify correct behavior and response formats.",
  "sources": "The code reads static query strings defined as multi-line strings, and reads the endpoint URL from a hardcoded string. It does not process external inputs or user data.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with an external SPARQL endpoint via network requests; result objects are processed but do not directly handle untrusted input data for execution within the script.",
  "flows": "The code constructs queries, sets parameters, and executes them against the endpoint; it then processes the results depending on content types. There are no data flows from untrusted sources into the queries or endpoint.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains numerous expectedFailure annotations indicating known server-side errors or unsupported features. There are no hardcoded credentials or secrets, nor any dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious file operations. The endpoint URL is static and publicly accessible. No input sanitization or unsafe query composition is evident, as queries are predefined constants. Usage of 'sys.exc_info()' for exception handling is standard. No backdoors or hidden logic are present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive set of unit tests for a SPARQL endpoint, verifying various query formats and content types. All queries are predefined static strings, not constructed from external or untrusted input. Network requests are made via the 'SPARQLWrapper' library with controlled parameters. Exception handling only manages expected HTTP errors. The code includes annotations for known failures and unsupported features, but no indication of malicious intent or sabotage. No suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are detected. The static nature of queries and the lack of user input handling suggest the code is safe from supply chain malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard test suite for a SPARQL endpoint, with no malicious code, backdoors, or security risks detected. Its purpose is to verify endpoint behavior under various content negotiation scenarios. It does not process external inputs or execute untrusted code. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}