{
  "purpose": "The code is a test suite for the SPARQLWrapper library, used to perform and verify various SPARQL queries against a public RDF endpoint, including tests for different query formats and response types.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from hardcoded SPARQL query strings, URL endpoint, and environment via standard imports and user-defined variables.",
  "sinks": "The code performs network requests to a public SPARQL endpoint and processes responses; results are converted into DOM objects, bytes, or dicts, but there are no direct data leaks or insecure data handling observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from query strings and endpoint URL through the SPARQLWrapper methods, with responses being processed into various formats. There is no evidence of untrusted data influencing queries or responses in a malicious manner.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains numerous expectedFailure decorators indicating known HTTP protocol errors or unsupported formats; there are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code injection. Usage of warnings filter and import of inspect for manipulating sys.path is standard and not suspicious. The test code involves network communication with a public endpoint, which is expected for testing purposes. No obfuscated or misleading code patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily functions as a comprehensive test suite for the SPARQLWrapper library, verifying different query formats and response handling. It includes tests for multiple response formats, content negotiation, and error conditions. No suspicious code behaviors, such as malicious data exfiltration, system harm, or backdoors, are present. The code makes use of standard Python modules, network requests, and testing practices. Some tests are skipped or expected to fail due to known endpoint limitations, not malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets, unsafe code execution, or external payloads are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate test suite aimed at verifying the functionality of a SPARQL client library against a public RDF endpoint. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It is well-structured and focused on testing different query types and formats, with no evidence of supply chain attacks or harmful code inclusion.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}