{
  "purpose": "This code defines a tool for parsing PDF files from URLs and extracting content in JSON or Markdown format, likely used within a larger application framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from environment variables (NETMIND_API_TOKEN), function parameters (url, format), and network responses from the API endpoint.",
  "sinks": "The code sends data via an HTTP POST request to an external API endpoint, and outputs response text. It also accesses environment variables and performs system exit operations.",
  "flows": "Input environment variable (NETMIND_API_TOKEN) is used to set request headers. The URL parameter is sent as part of the payload to the API endpoint. The response from the API is returned as response.text, which could be used downstream.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets; environment variable used for API token. No obfuscated or unusual code constructs. No dynamic code execution observed. No evidence of data exfiltration or malicious network connections beyond legitimate API call. The API endpoint is standard and intended for content parsing. The code raises an exception on non-200 responses, which is typical.",
  "analysis": "The code performs a straightforward operation: it constructs a JSON payload with a URL and format, sends it via an HTTP POST to an external API with an authorization header. The API token is retrieved from an environment variable, which is a standard practice. The function validates input format, handles errors, and returns API response text. No malicious or suspicious behavior, backdoors, or data leaks are evident. The API call is the only network activity and appears legitimate for a parsing service. No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears benign, primarily performing an API call to a parsing service with proper input validation and error handling. No malicious or maliciously intented behaviors are detected. It is a typical application code for PDF parsing with no evident security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}