{
  "purpose": "This setup.py script defines the package metadata and entry points for the 'notoken887' Python package. It appears to be a straightforward package configuration with no embedded malicious code.",
  "sources": "The code reads static metadata fields such as name, version, author, author_email, description, url, classifiers, and entry_points. No external input sources or dynamic data reading are present.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks where untrusted data is processed or could lead to data leaks or malicious actions. The script only sets package metadata and entry points.",
  "flows": "The flow is limited to static assignment of package metadata and registration of a console script entry point; no data flows from untrusted sources to sinks.",
  "anomalies": "Suspicious metadata elements include the author_email 'hitler@gmail.com' and URL 'https://thugging.org'. The description mentions 'obfuscation test lib,' which could imply testing or obfuscation intent, but no such techniques are present in the code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard setuptools setup script with static metadata. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or malicious logic is detected. The suspicious contact info and URL are notable but do not constitute malware or malicious behavior. The scores assigned by the reports are consistent; malware and obfuscation scores are zero, reflecting the benign nature of the code. The security risk scores vary slightly, primarily due to metadata concerns, with a moderate risk estimate (~0.3) justified by unprofessional contact details and URL. Confidence in these conclusions is high (around 0.8), given the static analysis and consistency across reports.",
  "conclusion": "The package's setup script is benign in functionality, with no embedded malicious code or obfuscation. The primary concern lies in the suspicious metadata, which could be exploited if the package is distributed. Overall, the code itself poses minimal technical risk, but metadata warrants caution. The malware and obfuscation scores are correctly set to zero; the security risk score should be around 0.3 to reflect metadata concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}