{
  "purpose": "The code provides a wrapper around the App Center crashes APIs, facilitating interaction with crash data, error groups, error details, and symbol uploads for app diagnostics.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include: API responses from HTTP GET, POST, PATCH requests; environment variables; file system (for symbol files); URL components for blob storage; function parameters such as tokens, IDs, error details, and configuration options.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points include: JSON responses processed via deserialize.deserialize, which could potentially include sensitive data; HTTP request URLs and parameters; environment variables (if used elsewhere); file operations (reading symbol files); network calls to upload blobs or interact with external services.",
  "flows": "Data flows from sources such as API responses, input parameters, and file reads into processing functions, deserialization, and then to sinks like HTTP requests or blob storage uploads. For example, symbol files are read from disk and uploaded via BlobServiceClient; API responses are deserialized and used for further API calls or data extraction.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for an API wrapper; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are detected. URL manipulation in '_next_link_polished' is handled to correct API responses. No obfuscation or misleading variable use is observed. Error handling is standard, raising exceptions on failure conditions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured API client with clear separation of concerns: making HTTP requests, processing responses, handling file uploads to blob storage, and managing error groups and crash data. Deserialization is used to convert JSON responses into model objects. No signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, hidden backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The code relies on external configurations (tokens, URLs) but does not hardcode secrets or credentials. The URL and file handling logic appear routine, with proper error handling. The only potential concern is the handling of the connection string for blob storage, but it is constructed from URL components, not hardcoded secrets, and uses shared access signatures provided by the API responses.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an API wrapper for crash and error data management, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It securely handles file uploads and API interactions without hardcoded secrets or suspicious behavior. Its structure and logic are standard for this type of service integration.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}