{
  "purpose": "This code serves as a wrapper around Microsoft App Center's crash and error reporting APIs, facilitating error group management, error details retrieval, symbol upload, and error querying functions.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-provided parameters (e.g., org_name, app_name, error IDs), environment variables (potentially for tokens), and file system (symbols files). Network responses from API calls are also sources.",
  "sinks": "Network requests (http_get, http_post, http_patch) are the primary sinks where data flows out, potentially including sensitive data. File upload to Azure Blob Storage is another sink, which could be exploited if mishandled. The code writes to files (symbols files) but no explicit write-based sink suggests malicious activity.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and files through the functions, potentially reaching network requests (via HTTP methods) and file uploads. For example, symbol upload data flows from file reading to Azure Blob Storage, and error details are retrieved via API responses. No suspicious flows involve untrusted data being maliciously injected or exfiltrated beyond standard API interactions.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded secrets or credentials. The code constructs connection strings from URL components, which could potentially be manipulated if the URL is compromised, but this is standard practice. No unusual or suspicious code segments, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The method _next_link_polished adjusts next links but does not perform malicious actions. Exception handling is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily interfaces with external APIs and storage services for error reporting and symbol uploading. It uses standard libraries and practices, such as constructing connection strings from URL components and performing API requests with deserialize processing. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors are evident. The network requests and file handling appear aligned with their intended use. The handling of upload URLs and next links is cautious, aiming to ensure correct URL formation. Overall, the code is a typical API wrapper with no malicious anomalies detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client wrapper for App Center crash and symbol management. It does not contain any malicious behavior or suspicious code segments. It securely performs error data retrieval and symbol upload functions, with no signs of sabotage or malware. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}