{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of regex utility functions and predefined regex patterns for parsing Docker image names, tags, and digests.",
  "sources": "Input data is read via the functions that compile regex patterns; specifically, the regex.compile() calls and the string inputs to functions like match(), literal(), and expression().",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit data sinks that process untrusted input beyond regex compilation and matching. No data is sent over networks, written to files, or executed.",
  "flows": "Input strings are processed through regex pattern creation and matching functions; these flows are confined within regex pattern objects and do not involve untrusted data processing beyond pattern compilation.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses a custom regex module 'regex' (which may be a third-party library) but does not perform unsafe dynamic code execution or obfuscation. The regex patterns appear to be standard, with no hardcoded credentials or suspicious behaviors. The use of repeated pattern concatenation and anchoring is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for building regex patterns, ensuring safer composition of complex patterns. The predefined regex patterns focus on validating Docker image names, tags, and digests, following typical standards. No user input handling, network operations, or data leaks are present. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as backdoors, data exfiltration, or code injection. All regex patterns are static and designed for validation purposes, with no dynamic code execution involved.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility module for regex pattern creation related to container image identification. It does not contain malicious behavior, data leaks, or backdoors. The usage of regex is straightforward and secure, with no evidence of obfuscation or malware. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}