{
  "purpose": "This code provides dependency injection mechanisms, including decorators and helper classes for synchronous and asynchronous execution, primarily for integrating dependency management into functions.",
  "sources": "Code reads input via function parameters, imports modules, and dynamically imports serializers based on import success.",
  "sinks": "No obvious sinks such as network or file operations are present. The code constructs call models, but does not perform data transmission or file manipulation.",
  "flows": "Sources (function inputs, dynamic imports) influence serializer selection and dependency injections; no external data sinks are evident. The core flow is wrapping functions with dependency injection logic, with no network or file operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, suspicious dynamic code execution, or backdoors are present. The code uses standard dependency injection patterns. No obfuscated code, no suspicious imports, or unusual control flow detected. The dynamic import logic is standard and fails silently if modules are missing, which is typical for optional dependencies.",
  "analysis": "The code implements dependency injection decorators and helper classes for asynchronous and synchronous execution. It dynamically imports serializers, but only attempts to do so if available, which is common practice. The injection mechanism uses wrapping functions that invoke call models, with proper resource management via context managers. No malicious behavior, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors, is detected. The code appears to be a straightforward dependency management system without hidden or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a dependency injection framework with no indicators of malicious intent. It dynamically manages serializers and injects dependencies into functions, with proper resource handling. No malicious or suspicious behavior was identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}