{
  "purpose": "This code defines data models and type annotations for an authentication and authorization system, primarily using pydantic for data validation.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (datetime, time, typing), third-party libraries (pydantic, typing_extensions), and inline code defining models and type annotations.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data are evident; the models primarily define data structures. No network, file, or environment variable manipulation observed.",
  "flows": "The code creates data models with validation methods. There are no data flows involving external inputs or outputs beyond model instantiation and validation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic detected. The code uses conditional imports for compatibility, which is standard. No obfuscated code, unusual language features, or dynamic execution present. All methods and classes serve data validation and structure purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up data models for an authentication system, using pydantic for schema validation. It includes type annotations, custom validators, and compatibility handling for different pydantic versions. No external data is read directly from files, network, or environment variables. The code does not perform any operations that could lead to data leaks, injections, or malicious actions. All functions are straightforward data structures and validation logic, with no evident malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured set of data models for an authentication library. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It is purely declarative, defining the schema for user, session, MFA, and token-related data. Based on this analysis, there is no evidence of malicious intent or security risks within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}