{
  "purpose": "The code defines various data classes related to Kubernetes access control and authorization reviews, intended for use in a system managing permissions and access checks.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from class instantiations and method calls related to Kubernetes authorization objects. It also imports modules like 'meta_v1' and type hints, but does not process external input directly.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include data assignments within class instantiations and attribute access. No external data output or network calls are explicitly present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters to class fields, with no evidence of data being sent elsewhere or processed in a way that leads to external effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard data class definitions without any suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation. There are detailed comments about security considerations and CVE references, but these are documentation, not active behavior. No code performs network communication, system modification, or dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The source code consists solely of data class definitions modeling Kubernetes authorization review objects, with descriptive docstrings emphasizing security considerations. There is no dynamic execution, input/output operations, or code that could be exploited maliciously. The structure and content are typical for schema or API modeling. The code appears autogenerated as indicated at the top, and the class attributes are standard for the domain. No signs of malicious payload, hidden backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard schema definition for Kubernetes authorization objects with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It is purely structural, with detailed comments guiding correct usage and security awareness. The likelihood of malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}