{
  "purpose": "This module implements a caching layer for the WhiteBit MCP server, providing in-memory and optional disk persistence for cached data to improve performance and reduce API calls.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, cache keys generated from function arguments, and disk files for cache persistence.",
  "sinks": "Cached values are stored and retrieved within the Cache class, and disk files are written to and read from disk for persistence.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into cache key generation, then into cache storage or retrieval functions; cache entries are serialized/deserialized during persistence to disk; disk files are read/written during load/save operations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code employs standard practices for caching, serialization, and disk persistence, with proper error handling.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a caching system with features like serialization, disk persistence, validation of cache entries, and a decorator for caching function results. The CustomJSONEncoder enhances serialization of complex objects. Cache entries include timestamps and TTL for validity checks. Disk operations include safeguards for corrupted files and JSON errors. The caching mechanism appears standard, with no signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation. No external network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The code uses common patterns for cache management and serialization, with appropriate error handling and logging.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured caching module with disk persistence capabilities. No malicious behavior or suspicious activities are detected. It appears to be a legitimate component intended to improve server performance. There are no indications of malware or security risks within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}