{
  "purpose": "Define custom geographic data types and functions for use with BigQuery in SQLAlchemy, including WKB and WKT wrappers and a Geography type with specialized binding and compilation logic.",
  "sources": "Import statements from geoalchemy2, shapely, sqlalchemy, and constants like SRID. Data provided via class constructors, property methods, and the bind_processor method.",
  "sinks": "The bind_processor method converts geographic objects to text or binary formats for database insertion, potentially leading to data exposure if mishandled. The custom compilation function modifies how geographic functions are translated into SQL.",
  "flows": "Input geographic data (WKB, WKT) flows through class constructors and bind_processor, converting into database-compatible formats; these are then used in geographic SQL functions which are compiled with custom logic.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or obfuscated constructs detected. The code appears to be standard for geographic data handling and custom SQLAlchemy type extensions; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines subclasses for handling geographic data in WKB and WKT formats, with properties to convert between formats. It customizes the SQLAlchemy Geography type to avoid automatic function translation that causes errors in BigQuery. The bind_processor method converts geographic objects into textual formats for safe database binding. The custom compilation function adjusts the translation of geographic functions to fit BigQuery's requirements, with argument type mappings stored in a dictionary. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, command injection, or backdoors. The logic is consistent with standard geographic data handling and SQLAlchemy customization.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate extension for handling geographic data types with BigQuery in SQLAlchemy. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected. The code is well-structured, standard in approach, and free from obfuscation or malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}