{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for processing, parsing, and analyzing SQL query strings, including comment handling, query splitting, and formatting.",
  "sources": "Reads input SQL query strings, performs regex searches and replacements, analyzes string positions, splits strings by comments, semicolons, or keywords, and processes string components.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable to regex-based injection if user-controlled input is processed without validation; functions like sub_in_sql, identify_in_sql, and replace_newline_chars modify query strings and perform regex substitutions. No evidence of dangerous system calls or network activity.",
  "flows": "Input SQL string -> split into comment/quote regions -> perform regex searches or modifications (e.g., sub_in_sql, identify_in_sql) -> recombine into processed SQL string.",
  "anomalies": "The code extensively manipulates strings with regex and comment/quote region tracking. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. Comment and quote handling is detailed but appears consistent with standard SQL parsing techniques. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles SQL string processing tasks, including comment marking, splitting queries, identifying SQL keywords, and formatting. Functions like mark_ci_comments and mark_comments properly identify comment regions, while split_query and related functions parse SQL into components. regex operations are used for detection and substitution, which are standard. No signs of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, command execution, or network communication, are present. The functions are typical for a SQL parsing utility module and do not perform any system or network operations that could be malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of SQL query processing utilities with no malicious behavior. It handles string parsing, comment management, and formatting in a controlled manner. No malicious or sabotage code is evident; the functions serve legitimate purposes related to SQL string analysis and manipulation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}