{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions for processing, analyzing, and manipulating SQL queries, especially for parsing, formatting, and identifying SQL components such as comments, subqueries, and statements.",
  "sources": "The code reads string inputs representing SQL queries, including comment tokens, quotes, and SQL keywords. It performs regex matching and string manipulations for parsing and formatting.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include regex-based substitutions, string concatenations, and manipulations of SQL code, which could be exploited if malicious input is processed without validation. The functions do not execute code or system commands directly.",
  "flows": "Input SQL string -> Parsing functions (split_comment_quote, identify_in_sql, etc.) -> Pattern matching/substitution functions (sub_in_sql, replace_newline_chars) -> Output or reformatted SQL string.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses regex operations to manipulate SQL code, but there are no obvious signs of malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration. All regex patterns and operations are for parsing and formatting purposes only. No hardcoded credentials, network activity, or system commands are present.",
  "analysis": "The functions primarily perform string parsing, regex-based search, and formatting of SQL queries. They include safe operations like pattern matching and string replacement but do not invoke external processes, network connections, or system commands. The code is consistent with utility functions for SQL query manipulation. No suspicious patterns such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behavior are detected. The functions are self-contained and do not interact with the system or external data sources beyond string processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a set of SQL query utility functions intended for parsing, formatting, and analyzing SQL statements. There are no signs of malicious intent, malicious code, or sabotage. The overall security risk is very low, and no malware or security vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}