{
  "purpose": "The code appears to provide various utility functions for numerical and statistical processing, including formatting, normalization, and data analysis, possibly for scientific or data analysis purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters (numerical inputs, lists, pandas.Series), as well as imported modules and functions (e.g., pandas, math, decimal).",
  "sinks": "The code outputs formatted strings, possibly normalized scientific notation strings, and pandas Series. It performs numerical computations and formatting but does not seem to write to external systems or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Inputs are processed through statistical functions, normalization, and formatting routines, with potential data transformation and presentation. No clear data flows toward external systems or untrusted data sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated import names and variable names, which may hinder readability. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious backdoors are present. The code is complex but appears consistent with scientific computation purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions for numerical processing, including logarithmic transformations, scientific notation formatting, pandas Series handling, and statistical analysis. Obfuscated names and imports could suggest an attempt to hide intent, but the functions themselves perform standard calculations and formatting. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. The obfuscation seems to be solely for code concealment rather than malicious activity. The code's primary operations are mathematical and formatting functions, with no evident malicious sinks or dangerous data flows. Overall, the code appears to be designed for scientific or data visualization purposes, with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code performs numerical, statistical, and formatting operations typical for data analysis. Although it uses obfuscated names, there is no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. The code does not contain malicious data flows, network activity, or backdoors. The obfuscation appears to be for concealment, not sabotage. It is safe to consider this code low risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}