{
  "purpose": "The code provides statistical and numerical utility functions, including logarithmic transformations, number formatting, and statistical calculations, likely for data analysis purposes.",
  "sources": "Functions read input data from parameters such as 'JkxnBGFVfiuNhnHxPGhhVgBaFCtVDIlt', 'values', and 'statistic', often involving numeric data. External modules are imported for math, pandas, and custom utils.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include formatting functions that convert numeric data to strings, and import statements which could be used maliciously if dependencies are compromised. No network activity or system modifications are directly observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through statistical functions, numeric computations, and formatting functions. Numeric results are processed and returned as formatted strings or numerical types.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated function and variable names (e.g., 'XvGDdVaVVkTYKUQJEKdAkMHbQkXLxmAK', 'OquDzSurjpMtEAFaLSYWkblmVCJISJQy') are suspicious. Use of multiple custom utils with unclear purposes, as well as heavily obfuscated code, raises concern. No clear indication of malicious payloads like network activity or file operations.",
  "analysis": "The code includes functions that perform statistical calculations, logarithmic transformations, and number formatting. The presence of obfuscated names suggests attempts to hide intent, but no evident malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or harmful system access. The functions seem focused on data processing and presentation. External dependencies are imported but not used maliciously. No network operations, file modifications, or secret data access are evident. Obfuscation could be an attempt to conceal malicious code, but based on the visible code, no malicious activities are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be primarily a collection of numerical and statistical utility functions, with obfuscated variable names and imports. There is no evidence of malicious intent or malicious payloads. The obfuscation warrants caution, but no malicious or security-threatening behavior is apparent from the code provided.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}