{
  "purpose": "The code provides a command-line interface for lossless media cutting and probing, utilizing ffmpeg and ffprobe, with features for segment parsing, output validation, and detailed reporting.",
  "sources": "User-provided segment specifications, input file paths, output paths, JSON output options, command-line arguments, and configuration options for ffmpeg and ffprobe paths.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous subprocess calls to ffmpeg and ffprobe, file system operations (reading, writing, deleting files/directories), JSON file writing, and user prompts for overwriting files.",
  "flows": "Input data (user arguments and segment specifications) flow into subprocess commands and file operations; output files are written or removed based on user input and command execution; JSON data is read and written; user prompts influence control flow for overwriting files.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obscure obfuscation techniques. The subprocess commands are standard ffmpeg/ffprobe calls, with no suspicious command modifications. File handling involves normal read/write/delete operations, and prompts for user confirmation are implemented via typer.confirm(). No hidden backdoors or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms are present. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or code injection methods are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script is a well-structured CLI application for media processing, heavily relying on standard subprocess calls to external tools (ffmpeg/ffprobe). It uses safe file operations, user prompts, and validation. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network connections to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or destructive actions beyond expected file deletions (which are handled with user confirmation or force flags). All subprocess invocations appear to be normal, with no command injection vectors detected. The code respects user inputs and configurations without employing any obfuscation or malicious code snippets. Logging is used for transparency, not for covert data gathering.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate CLI media processing tool with no indicators of malicious intent. It uses external tools for probing and cutting media files, handles files safely, and prompts users before destructive operations. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware is detected. Its security risk and malware scores are low, with high confidence in the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}