{
  "purpose": "This script provides CLI commands for media analysis ('probe') and lossless cutting ('cut') of media files, managing segments, output validation, and reporting.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include media file paths (via CLI options), segment specifications (direct or file-based), and ffprobe command outputs. External commands (ffprobe, ffmpeg) are executed with subprocess.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks are JSON output files, log outputs, temporary files/directories, and media output files. Subprocess outputs are parsed and processed for display or storage.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file inputs and user-provided segment specifications to subprocess commands; subprocess outputs are parsed into JSON and formatted for display; output files are written as specified, with path validation and cleanup routines.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no suspicious or unusual code patterns. External subprocess calls are properly parameterized. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated logic observed. The code uses standard libraries and known external tools (ffmpeg, ffprobe).",
  "analysis": "The code performs input validation, segment parsing, subprocess execution for ffprobe, file I/O for JSON saving, and media file handling. It uses standard practices for error handling, subprocess management, and path validation. No indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage present. External commands are executed securely with validated arguments, and no data exfiltration mechanisms are apparent. The code's intent aligns with media processing, and no code or data flows suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It handles media analysis and processing tasks securely and appropriately. All subprocess calls are parameterized, and no suspicious data exfiltration or backdoors are detected. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}