{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes, interfaces, enums, and functions related to AWS Directory Service and Active Directory management within a CDK construct, mainly for deployment and configuration of AD and network resources.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration parameters from function arguments, class properties, and external dependencies such as 'jsii', 'publication', and AWS SDK libraries. It also reads type hints for runtime type checking.",
  "sinks": "The code calls 'jsii.invoke' to invoke methods on AWS constructs and interacts with AWS Secrets Manager and SSM Parameter Store, which could be potential sinks if untrusted data were provided, but the code itself does not process untrusted input directly.",
  "flows": "Input parameters like 'props', 'domain_password', 'group_name', etc., flow into method calls such as 'jsii.invoke' and 'check_type' functions, which perform runtime type validation. The code does not include data flows leading to external data exfiltration or system modification; it mainly sets up AWS resources.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious constructs are evident. The code relies on standard AWS CDK constructs and type checking. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or hidden behaviors. The presence of runtime type checks is standard for safety but not malicious. The import of 'publication' and 'jsii' is typical for CDK modules.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical AWS CDK module implementation, defining classes for managing Microsoft AD resources, with methods for creating AD groups, service accounts, and workers. It uses type hints and runtime type checking functions to ensure correct usage. All external interactions are with AWS services, and no direct data manipulation or external network communication occurs within this code snippet. No anomalies, hidden code, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code appears designed for infrastructure deployment with appropriate safety checks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard AWS CDK construct module for managing Active Directory resources and does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It performs configuration and resource setup with proper type validation and no suspicious activities. It is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}