{
  "purpose": "The code defines AWS DevOps Guru resource constructs and data types for infrastructure deployment using AWS CDK, including resource classes, properties, and validation functions. It is primarily boilerplate, generated code for resource modeling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from class initializers, property setters, and type validation functions; it imports standard libraries, third-party packages (jsii, publication, typeguard), and internal AWS CDK modules. No external data sources or untrusted inputs are present.",
  "sinks": "There are no external sinks such as network calls, file writes, or data exfiltration points. The code only defines data structures and resource classes without external communication.",
  "flows": "The code's data flow is limited to internal class property assignments and type checks; it does not process untrusted data or external inputs. The flow is confined within resource definitions and validation functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, backdoors, or suspicious constructs are detected. The functions are standard type check stubs and class definitions typical of generated SDK code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, auto-generated AWS CDK library module for AWS DevOps Guru resources. It contains class definitions, property data types, and validation functions with no external data handling, network activity, or malicious logic. The structure is clear, and no obfuscation or malicious patterns are present. The code is purely declarative, intended for resource provisioning, with no signs of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, well-structured, and contains no malicious behavior or security risks. It is safe for deployment and use in infrastructure as code workflows. The scores are consistent with the content, with malware and obfuscation scores at 0, and a very low risk score (~0.1) reflecting its nature as boilerplate resource definitions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}