{
  "purpose": "Defines AWS CloudFormation resources and properties for AWS DevOps Guru integration within AWS CDK, including resource collections, notification channels, and log anomaly detection integrations.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (pkgutil, abc, builtins, datetime, enum, typing), third-party libraries (jsii, publication, typeguard, importlib.metadata), and internal CDK modules (constructs, _jsii). No input or data reading functions are present.",
  "sinks": "No sink functions that process untrusted data or external inputs are present. The code creates and manages AWS resource constructs with configuration data, but does not handle untrusted data flows.",
  "flows": "The code mainly involves object construction and property definitions for AWS resources, not data flows from untrusted sources to sinks. No network or data processing flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for defining AWS CDK constructs. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic are detected. The properties are configuration structures with no secret or sensitive data embedded. No obfuscation or unusual language features are used.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several AWS CloudFormation resource classes and their property data structures using jsii for AWS CDK. It includes resource types for LogAnomalyDetection, NotificationChannel, and ResourceCollection, with properties specified via data classes. The implementation follows standard patterns for CDK resource definitions, including type checks and property accessors. No data input, network operations, or secret handling are present. The code does not process untrusted data, nor does it include any code that could be malicious or sabotage in nature. The structure is consistent with generated AWS resource modules, with no signs of obfuscation or malware.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, generated AWS CDK resource library for AWS DevOps Guru, with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It contains no sensitive data, no suspicious network activity, and no backdoors. The code is safe for use in infrastructure as code deployments.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}