{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python SDK class for interacting with the Claude CLI tool, allowing users to run prompts with optional configurations and tool permissions.",
  "sources": "Input data is received via the 'prompt' argument in 'run' and 'run_with_tools' methods, and additional arguments via 'additional_args'.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or effects could occur if untrusted input is incorporated into subprocess commands; however, the code constructs commands as lists and uses subprocess safely with parameters, mitigating injection risks.",
  "flows": "Input prompts and arguments flow from the 'prompt' parameter into command-line arguments; 'additional_args' are integrated into command construction; the subprocess executes these commands, returning output or streaming data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No suspicious or unusual code patterns. The code employs standard subprocess handling, avoiding common obfuscation techniques. No data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. No external network communication or data theft mechanisms are present.",
  "analysis": "The code securely constructs command-line invocations for the Claude CLI, with proper handling of arguments and subprocess execution. It allows streaming and non-streaming outputs, and temporarily overrides allowed tools with safe restoration. The use of subprocess with list arguments reduces injection risk. No evidence of malicious or suspicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration routines is present. Overall, the code appears to be a benign SDK wrapper for a CLI tool, with no apparent malicious intent or security vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a secure, benign SDK for interacting with the Claude CLI. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or significant security risks. Its design follows best practices for subprocess management and argument handling, with no indications of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}