{
  "purpose": "This code defines type annotations and paginator classes for the boto3 devops-guru client, providing type-safe interfaces for paginated responses.",
  "sources": "Import statements, especially the import of sys and typing, and the class methods that accept **kwargs for pagination parameters.",
  "sinks": "The 'paginate' methods accepting **kwargs could potentially be a sink if untrusted input is passed; however, these are standard for boto3 paginators and do not process untrusted data directly.",
  "flows": "The flow involves passing **kwargs from the 'paginate' method to the underlying Paginator, which retrieves pages of data. There are no evident external or untrusted data flows that could lead to code injection or data leakage.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be auto-generated or boilerplate for boto3 paginator classes with type annotations. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious code patterns are present. The class structures and method definitions are standard and do not contain obfuscation or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily establishes paginator classes with type annotations for the devops-guru service client. It uses conditional imports for Unpack and type checking, standard import patterns, and class inheritance from the Paginator class. The 'paginate' methods are overridden with type annotations and accept kwargs, typical for boto3 paginators. No external data processing, system commands, network calls, or suspicious operations are present. There are no signs of hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious logic. Overall, this appears to be benign, auto-generated code intended to provide type-safe pagination interfaces.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, type-annotated set of paginator class definitions for the boto3 devops-guru client. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. It is a benign component designed for type safety and ease of use.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}