{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a Django-based web application setup with various utility functions for request handling, route management, proxy forwarding, MIME type setup, and environment configuration. It provides an API interface and dynamic module import features.",
  "sources": "Reads input from HTTP requests (GET, POST, headers), URL path components, environment variables, and configuration files. It also dynamically imports modules based on request parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include dynamic module imports (`__import__`), executing functions based on request data, and proxy forwarding, which could lead to server-side request forgery or code execution if misused. Also, logging sensitive request data without sanitization.",
  "flows": "Data flows from HTTP request inputs into functions that perform dynamic imports, module lookups, or proxy requests, and then results are returned as HTTP responses. Notably, request headers and URL path components influence behavior.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual code includes heavily obfuscated variable names, dynamic imports based on request parameters, and excessive logging with hardcoded paths. The environment configuration includes possibly dangerous environment variable settings. The code imports Django modules and other libraries but with obscure naming. Also, the code attempts to configure settings dynamically, which can be risky if misused.",
  "analysis": "The code has multiple suspicious elements: dynamic module import based on user input (potential for remote code execution), extensive logging of request info, dynamic proxy forwarding which may lead to server-side request forgery, and obfuscated variable names making static analysis difficult. The import statements and environment setup suggest potential misconfiguration or backdoor-like behavior. The use of `__import__` with user-controlled strings is a significant security concern. The code also manipulates MIME types and handles static file serving, but these are less suspicious. Overall, the code contains multiple signals consistent with malicious or insecure design, especially the dynamic import and proxy handling.",
  "conclusion": "This code shows signs of potentially malicious behavior, primarily due to dynamic imports based on request data, extensive and obscure variable naming, and environment configuration that could be exploited for code injection or remote command execution. The overall structure and obfuscation raise security concerns. It should be reviewed thoroughly before deployment.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.75,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "report_number": 3
}