{
  "purpose": "Main functionality for recording and transcribing audio in the Dhvagna-NPI application, including both single and interactive modes.",
  "sources": "Input sources include microphone (via speech_recognition.Microphone), keyboard events (via keyboard.read_event), and configuration settings (via Config.load).",
  "sinks": "Output sinks include console display (via rich.console.Console), transcription results (display_result), and logs/notifications to the user. No direct data leakage or external data transmission observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from microphone input (audio capture) to recognition (recognizer.listen and recognize_google), then to display or store in history. Keyboard events trigger control flows for stopping recordings or menu navigation. No external network communication beyond recognition API calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. No suspicious network connections, obfuscated code, or stealthy behaviors detected. Usage of keyboard library for hotkeys and control signals is expected. No unsafe code patterns or insecure data handling observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs audio recording, transcription, and user interface interactions. It uses standard libraries and APIs (speech_recognition, keyboard, rich) in a typical manner. The threading and event handling for recording control are appropriate. There are no signs of data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or backdoors. The functions are mainly for user interaction and audio processing. No sensitive data is hardcoded or transmitted without user consent. The external dependencies are standard open-source libraries with no suspicious modifications.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a speech transcription tool with user control features. No malicious behavior or security threats are evident. The use of keyboard events for control, threading for audio capture, and recognition APIs are all typical for such applications. Overall, it poses low security risk and no malware suspicion.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}