{
  "purpose": "The code encrypts/decrypts Python source files using an opaque TokenCryptor, embedding encrypted code into a string, and generating a main script that dynamically imports and executes the decrypted code via exec().",
  "sources": "Reading input file, reading lines for encryption/decryption, dynamic import of module based on filename.",
  "sinks": "exec() on decrypted code, dynamic import via importlib.import_module().",
  "flows": "Input file read -> lines encrypted/decrypted -> encrypted code embedded in string -> main script imports module -> decrypts code -> executes code via exec().",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on decrypted code without validation, dynamic import based on filename, opaque TokenCryptor potentially hiding malicious behavior, replacing newlines with spaces in encrypted string.",
  "analysis": "The code reads a Python source file, encrypts lines not starting with 'import' or 'from' using TokenCryptor, and embeds the encrypted code into a string. During processing, it generates a main script that imports the encrypted module, decrypts its content, and executes it via exec(). The process involves dynamic importation and runtime code execution, both of which are security risks. The TokenCryptor's opacity raises suspicion, as it could conceal malicious payloads. The code lacks input validation, signature verification, or sandboxing, making it vulnerable to executing malicious code if the input files are compromised. The pattern of decrypting and executing code dynamically is inherently risky and can be exploited for malicious purposes. The scores assigned in the reports (malware around 0.2-0.6, risk around 0.6-0.75) are generally justified, but considering the high potential for malicious payloads, a slightly higher malware score (around 0.7) and risk score (around 0.75) are appropriate. Overall, the code should be considered potentially malicious or unsafe, especially in untrusted environments.",
  "conclusion": "The code pattern facilitates obfuscation and dynamic execution, which can be exploited maliciously. The use of exec() on decrypted code and dynamic import without validation poses significant security risks. The scores should reflect high malware potential (~0.7) and high security risk (~0.75). It is advisable to treat this code as potentially malicious and avoid using it in untrusted contexts without proper validation, sandboxing, or signature verification.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.5,
  "malware": 0.7,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}