{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to encrypt or decrypt Python source files using the TokenCryptor, and generate a main script to execute the decrypted code dynamically.",
  "sources": "Input file specified by --input argument; reading of the input file content; reading of environment variables (if any within the code, though not explicitly shown); import statements within the input file.",
  "sinks": "Writing to output files in the 'result' directory; executing dynamically imported modules via exec() in create_main_pyw; decrypting code that is potentially encrypted.",
  "flows": "Input file is read, then depending on mode, code is encrypted/decrypted. Encrypted code is embedded into a string and saved to a file. For encryption mode, a main script is generated that imports and executes the decrypted code dynamically via importlib and exec().",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on dynamically imported decrypted code, which can execute arbitrary code at runtime. The encryption/decryption process may conceal malicious code. No explicit input validation or security checks are present. The use of a custom 'TokenCryptor' class is opaque, as its implementation isn't shown, potentially hiding malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The script facilitates encryption and decryption of Python code, embedding encrypted code into a string and generating a script that dynamically imports and executes decrypted code via importlib and exec(). The use of exec() on decrypted code introduces a significant security concern, as it can execute malicious payloads if the input is compromised or malicious. The process of dynamically importing modules based on user input (output module name) further increases the risk, especially if the module names are manipulated or if the encrypted code is malicious. The script does not perform input validation, authentication, or integrity checks on input files, encryption keys, or decrypted content. The custom TokenCryptor's internal behavior is unknown, which could potentially include malicious code concealment or malicious functionality. No evidence of obfuscation or concealment beyond the use of encryption and dynamic execution, but these practices inherently pose security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains significant security risks primarily due to its use of dynamic code execution (exec()) on decrypted code and the opaque encryption mechanism. These practices can allow malicious code to be executed with the same privileges as the script. The overall design suggests potential for malicious activity, such as executing arbitrary code or hiding malicious payloads within encrypted files. Due to these factors, the package should be considered potentially malicious or unsafe for untrusted inputs.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0.6,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 1
}