{
  "purpose": "This script encrypts or decrypts Python files using the TokenCryptor class, generating obfuscated code and a main script to execute decrypted code dynamically.",
  "sources": "Reading input Python files, reading the content of files for encryption/decryption, reading lines from the input files, and importing modules dynamically via importlib",
  "sinks": "Writing encrypted/decrypted code to output files, executing code dynamically with exec, importing modules based on filenames, and creating new files (main script and result folder)",
  "flows": "Input file content is read, possibly encrypted or decrypted, then written to output files. During encryption mode, the code generates a main script that dynamically imports and executes the encrypted code, creating a source-to-sink flow involving importlib, exec, and file writes",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically generates and executes code using exec on decrypted content, imports modules based on filenames, and constructs code strings with embedded file content, which could be exploited if the input files are maliciously crafted. The presence of a custom TokenCryptor suggests potential obfuscation. The code does not validate or sanitize file content or module names, and dynamically importing modules based on filenames can be risky.",
  "analysis": "The script uses standard libraries (argparse, os) and a custom encryptor/decryptor class. It reads Python files, encrypts/decrypts their content, and writes to new files in a 'result' directory. During encryption, it creates a 'mainscript.pyw' that imports the encrypted module and executes its decrypted code via exec, which is a high-risk pattern for code injection. The dynamic import based on filename, combined with exec, can allow execution of malicious code if input files are compromised. No explicit security measures or input validation are present. The code's behavior of decrypting and executing code dynamically suggests a potential for malicious use, especially if the input is not trusted.",
  "conclusion": "The code facilitates obfuscated execution of Python scripts by encrypting and then decrypting and running code dynamically. It employs risky practices such as executing decrypted code via exec and importing modules dynamically based on filenames, which can be exploited if input files are malicious. Overall, the script has a high security risk due to its design that permits dynamic code execution and module importation based on external input.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.4,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 2
}