{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Python class 'Optimiser' for community detection using the Leiden algorithm, interfacing with external C functions for core computations. It provides configurable properties for the algorithm's behavior and routines for optimizing partitions.",
  "sources": "Configuration properties and method parameters that pass data into internal C extension functions (_c_leiden).",
  "sinks": "Calls to external C functions which perform the core community detection logic; no external system calls or network activity.",
  "flows": "Data flows from Python properties and method arguments into C extension functions, which process the data and return results that influence the Python object's state.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. The use of external C code is standard for performance-critical algorithms but is a black box from the Python perspective.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, documented wrapper around external C routines for community detection. It manages configuration via properties, calls C functions for core operations, and provides methods for partition optimization. No malicious patterns, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The external C code could be a vector if malicious, but this cannot be assessed from the Python source alone. The code does not perform network, file, or system commands. The use of optional progress bars and property setters/getters is benign. Overall, the code appears safe, with the main concern being the trustworthiness of the external C library.",
  "conclusion": "The Python wrapper code for the Leiden community detection algorithm is safe, well-structured, and free of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The primary security consideration is the integrity of the external C code, which is outside the scope of this review. Based on the source, the code's malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the overall security risk is very low (~0.1-0.2).",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}