{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and methods for parsing and handling TLS record headers and subprotocol messages, primarily used in network communication to process TLS data streams.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are the raw_bytes parameters in from_bytes methods, which accept bytes streams representing TLS records.",
  "sinks": "The code does not explicitly write data to external systems or perform network communication directly; it only constructs byte representations of TLS records. No data sinks are present in this snippet.",
  "flows": "Input raw_bytes -> parse record header -> extract record data -> create TlsSubprotocolMessage -> construct TlsRecord object -> serialize back to bytes. No external sinks or untrusted data flows outside data parsing.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, dynamic code execution, or backdoors. The code relies on standard library functions and clearly defined enums. No obfuscated code present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard parsing of TLS record headers, including handling version bytes, record types, and length fields. Exception handling is in place for incomplete data or unknown versions. No suspicious behaviors such as network connections, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors are evident. Usage of third-party modules (e.g., tls_parser.exceptions) is context-dependent but appears to be standard exception classes. No insecure practices, code injection points, or malicious data handling are visible. The code is structured clearly, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a standard TLS record parser with no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It strictly handles parsing and serialization of TLS record data with proper validation and error handling. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}