{
  "purpose": "A wrapper class for Gaussian Kernel Density Estimation, providing methods for fitting, sampling, probability density, and cumulative distribution functions.",
  "sources": "Data input occurs in the _get_model method (dataset from self._params), and in methods like sample, probability_density, and cumulative_distribution which use self._model. Input parameters include dataset, sample_size, random_state, bw_method, weights, U, X, n_samples.",
  "sinks": "Outputs are probability densities, samples, and inverse cumulative distribution values. Potentially, the sample method could be misused if model data is improperly handled, but no external sinks are directly present. No external network or file operations are visible.",
  "flows": "Data flows from dataset into the model during fitting (_fit, _get_model). The probability_density and cumulative_distribution methods use the model to evaluate input data X, U. The sample method outputs data sampled from the model. The inverse PPF uses root-finding to match cumulative probabilities.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated or unusual code constructs. Use of random_state for reproducibility is standard. Methods for statistical evaluation are standard. No backdoors or malicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a Gaussian KDE wrapper with standard methods for fit, evaluate, sample, and inverse CDF calculation. It relies on scipy's gaussian_kde. The inverse CDF method uses root-finding algorithms (bisect, chandrupatla). All data handling appears straightforward. There are no suspicious external network calls, data leaks, or malicious modifications. The code structure is conventional, with no signs of obfuscation or hidden functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of Gaussian KDE with no malicious intent. It provides statistical modeling capabilities without evident security risks. No malware or malicious behavior is detected based on this source code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}