{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class 'Neige' for calculating snow load actions on structures based on Eurocode standards, integrating data reading, geometric calculations, and load estimations for structural analysis.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from CSV files ('carte_action_region.csv'), environmental variables ('self.code_INSEE', 'self.alt.value'), and class properties such as 'exposition', 'type_toit', 'blocage', 'alpha_toit', 'alpha_toit2', 'region_neige', and 'alt'.",
  "sinks": "Performs calculations returning snow load values, including 'Sn', 'Sx', 'Se', and other derived parameters. Uses mathematical functions and property accessors for computation. No untrusted data is used in command execution or system calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from CSV file to 'region_neige' property, influencing snow load calculations ('S_k_200', 'S_Ad', 'Sn', 'Sx', 'Se'). Environmental variables like 'code_INSEE' and 'alt' influence region and altitude-based calculations. Calculated load values are returned but not used in external system commands.",
  "anomalies": "Uses 'handcalc' decorator extensively for formatting and display purposes, but this is typical for formatting results in Jupyter or report outputs. No suspicious or unusual code behavior, no hard-coded secrets, or backdoors are detected. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated logic is present.",
  "analysis": "The code reads data from CSV to determine regional snow zone, then calculates snow loads at various altitudes and orientations. It uses match-case structures for logic branching, decorators for formatting, and property methods for dynamic calculations. No external commands, network calls, or system modifications are observed. The code structure appears standard for a structural engineering context, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of snow load calculations for structural analysis based on Eurocode standards. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. The extensive use of decorators and property methods is consistent with reporting and computation tasks. Overall, the code appears safe and well-structured for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}