{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Python class 'Neige' that calculates snow loads on structures according to Eurocode 1 standards. It is designed for structural engineering assessments related to snow load analysis.",
  "sources": "Reads external CSV file 'carte_action_region.csv' for region-specific data; accesses class properties and methods; uses external libraries (forallpeople, handcalcs, pandas).",
  "sinks": "Calculations and return values that could potentially be used in structural or safety assessments; no evident data leakage or system control modifications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from CSV and class properties as sources into calculation functions, which then compute and return snow load metrics; no data flows into external systems or network connections.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns such as dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors. Usage of decorators like @handcalc appears to be for calculation visualization. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. The code appears standard and purpose-driven.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs structured calculations related to snow loads, with properties accessing external CSV data and performing mathematical computations. The use of 'handcalc' decorators suggests integration with a Jupyter notebook or visualization tool but does not introduce malicious behavior. The code references external modules and CSV data for contextual data. There is no evidence of malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code's structure and content are consistent with a structural engineering calculation module.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate and purpose-specific, with no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It functions as a calculation tool for snow load assessment in structural engineering. No malicious behavior or security risks are identified based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}