{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class 'Neige' to calculate snow load actions on structures based on Eurocode standards, including properties for snow load parameters, regional data, and structural factors.",
  "sources": "CSV file 'carte_action_region.csv' for regional snow zone data; class initialization parameters for exposition, roof type, and blockage; input properties such as altitude, alpha_toit, and alpha_toit2; environment variables via self.alt.value.",
  "sinks": "Calculation functions that produce snow load values (S_k_200, S_Ad, Sn, Sx, Se, fs) which could be misused if manipulated or if the class is used with untrusted input, but no direct dangerous sinks like network or file writes are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input properties (region, altitude, roof angles) through internal calculations (mu, S_k_200, S_Ad) to final load outputs (Sn, Sx, Se, fs). External CSV reading provides regional data for snow zones.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code behavior such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network activities. Use of 'handcalc' decorator appears to be for display/formatting, not malicious. No obfuscated code or malicious strings detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs engineering calculations for snow loads, referencing external data and standard formulas. It imports specific libraries and local modules, uses standard data handling, and relies on straightforward mathematical operations. No network, file writing, or system modification code is present. The use of 'handcalc' is for display purposes. No suspicious patterns, obfuscated logic, or malicious intent are evident. The CSV file reading is standard data lookup, and the code’s purpose is clear and aligned with structural engineering modeling.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate engineering tool for calculating snow loads, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It reads regional data from a CSV and performs standard physics calculations. There is no evidence of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}