{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and classes to generate Evergreen CI/CD commands, handling files, shell execution, AWS interactions, and command parameters in a structured manner.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as file paths, command strings, environment variables, AWS credentials, and configuration options.",
  "sinks": "The generated command dictionaries that are ultimately executed or transmitted by Evergreen, and any network or file operations performed during command execution.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into command creation functions, which produce command dictionaries; these are then used by Evergreen for execution or deployment.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or backdoors detected. Validation checks are in place to prevent misconfiguration.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of utility functions for constructing Evergreen commands with proper validation and parameter handling. It accepts sensitive data via parameters, not hardcoded, and avoids executing untrusted code directly. Validation ensures mutual exclusivity where needed, and the functions produce structured command representations. No malicious or obfuscated logic is present. The code's design aligns with standard CI/CD practices, emphasizing safe parameter handling and command generation. The absence of code execution, network payloads, or suspicious patterns supports a low malware and obfuscation score. The security risk score of 0.2 reflects minimal concern, primarily due to handling secrets and command parameters, which could be misused if inputs are malicious, but this is outside the code's inherent behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, safe utility library for generating Evergreen CI/CD commands. It does not contain malicious behavior or obfuscation. The validation and parameter handling are appropriate, and the overall security risk is low. The assigned scores (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2) are justified and consistent with the code's purpose and implementation.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}