{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and classes to manage versioned database objects using SQLAlchemy, including retrieving previous, next, and index positions in version history.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from database object attributes, primary keys, and session queries, especially in methods like _transaction_id_subquery, _next_prev_query, and _index_query.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data could be retrieved or manipulated in session queries, especially involving transaction IDs and primary key attributes. No external data outputs or network communications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from object attributes (e.g., tx_column_name, end_tx_column_name) into SQLAlchemy query constructs that retrieve version history data. These flows are contained within SQL queries and ORM filters.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic is present. The code strictly implements version control logic. There are no obfuscated or intentionally misleading parts.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for handling version histories of database objects, including fetching previous and next versions, as well as calculating index positions within a version chain. It uses SQLAlchemy ORM sessions, subqueries, and filtering based on primary keys and transaction identifiers. The use of dynamic query construction and attribute access appears standard and focused on database version management. No external network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior is detected. The code relies on SQLAlchemy constructs and does not perform any unsafe operations such as executing raw user input as code or accessing environment variables. Overall, the implementation appears secure and purpose-driven.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of database version management using SQLAlchemy, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It primarily performs read operations within ORM sessions for version tracking, with no external data leaks or harmful behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}