{
  "purpose": "The code provides helper classes for interacting with cloud storage services (Alibaba OSS, Tencent COS), including file upload, download, deletion, and listing functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration parameters (access keys, endpoints, bucket names, object names, local file paths) and input data for uploads and downloads (file streams, local files, data streams).",
  "sinks": "Data is written to cloud storage via upload functions, and file streams are saved to local files. No direct data leaks or untrusted data flows are evident. There are print statements for status output, which do not pose security risks.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (credentials, file paths, data streams) flow into cloud API calls for uploading, downloading, deleting, and listing objects. The flow is straightforward and lacks any untrusted data manipulation or command execution.",
  "anomalies": "There are hardcoded empty strings for credentials and endpoints, which may indicate placeholders rather than malicious intent. The method 'get_file_stream' uses a placeholder '<yourObjectName>' which suggests incomplete or template code. Exception handling is broad ('except: raise') without specific checks, but no indication of malicious behavior. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, or misleading variables observed.",
  "analysis": "The classes encapsulate cloud storage interactions with well-defined functions. Credentials are set via constructor parameters, but in the code, some placeholders are empty strings. The code performs standard file operations, object management, and listing without any suspicious behavior. No data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors are evident. Use of print statements is harmless but not secure; they are likely for debugging. Exception handling is generic but does not introduce risks. Overall, the code appears to be a straightforward implementation of cloud storage helpers without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard cloud storage helper with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. Hardcoded credentials are not present; placeholders suggest configuration externalization. No suspicious code patterns or malware activities are detected. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}