{
  "purpose": "The code provides helper classes for interacting with cloud object storage services (Alibaba OSS, Tencent COS), including file upload, download, delete, and listing functionalities. It is designed to facilitate file management in cloud storage environments.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include method parameters such as local file paths, file-like objects, byte streams, and object identifiers; also environment variables for credentials are referenced via class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include uploading data to cloud storage (via put_object, upload_file, etc.), and passing untrusted data directly to these upload functions, which could lead to malicious data being stored or executed if such data contains malicious payloads.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (local files, byte streams, object names) into cloud storage upload methods; credentials flow from class attributes to API authentication; and data is retrieved from cloud storage and written to local files or returned as streams.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present; the code includes standard SDK usage and comments. The only potential anomaly is that the get_file_stream method compares CRCs but uses a placeholder object name '<yourObjectName>' instead of a parameter, indicating incomplete implementation or a placeholder that might lead to misuse.",
  "analysis": "The code predominantly functions as a wrapper around cloud SDKs for Alibaba OSS and Tencent COS, implementing standard upload, download, delete, and list operations. It correctly manages credentials, initializes SDK clients, and performs cloud interactions. No evidence of obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious payloads is present. The placeholder in get_file_stream suggests incomplete code, but no malicious intent. All data flows are typical for cloud storage SDK wrappers. The use of try-except blocks is broad, catching all exceptions and re-raising, which is standard. No suspicious behavior such as code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious command execution is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard cloud storage helper implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. Its purpose is to simplify cloud storage interactions, and it relies on SDK functions without incorporating any suspicious logic or hidden payloads. The placeholder in get_file_stream should be replaced with actual parameters to avoid misuse, but this does not constitute malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}