{
  "purpose": "The code provides a custom Keras layer for loading and wrapping TensorFlow Hub modules as layers within TensorFlow 2 models, supporting various configurations and signatures.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (functools, json), TensorFlow core modules, and tensorflow_hub module; data read occurs primarily during layer initialization, model input processing, and configuration serialization.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data or external communication are present; no code writes or transmits data externally, manipulates environment variables, or executes system commands.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through the 'call' method into the wrapped module invocation, with configuration and arguments influencing execution, but no external or untrusted data handling or transfer observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a Keras wrapper for TensorFlow Hub modules, with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The only potential concern is the dynamic loading of modules and signatures, which is a standard pattern in such wrappers.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a TensorFlow Keras Layer class for loading models from TF Hub, with extensive configuration options, validation, and shape handling. It dynamically loads modules using 'load_module' function, which internally calls 'tensorflow_hub.module_v2.load' or directly returns callables. No malicious code, external network connections, data exfiltration, or sabotage behaviors are present. The functions perform standard model loading, argument handling, and shape inference. No obfuscation or suspicious logic is evident. The dynamic loading mechanism is typical for such wrappers, not inherently malicious. Overall, the code is a clean, standard implementation with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured wrapper for TensorFlow Hub modules intended for use within TensorFlow Keras models. It does not exhibit any malicious behaviors, backdoors, or security risks. The dynamic loading approach is typical for this context. Based on the content, the malware score is low, the security risk is minimal, and confidence is high that this code is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}