{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of tools for retrieving financial data, news, and economic indicators from various APIs (Yahoo Finance, Finnhub, FRED) for analysis and decision-making.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (json, sys, os, datetime, pandas) and third-party modules (yfinance, finnhub, fredapi, pydantic, custom modules). API keys and API client initialization occur at the top. Functions access external data sources and process inputs from parameters.",
  "sinks": "External API calls via finnhub_client and fred_client. Data returned is formatted as JSON strings or dictionaries. No direct code execution or system modifications are performed based on untrusted inputs. The functions do not write to files, execute system commands, or send data over networks independently.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (tickers, queries, dates, sectors, etc.) flow into API request functions, which fetch and process data. The data is then formatted into JSON and returned. No data is written to external systems or used in destructive operations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are present. The code includes detailed comments and standard data retrieval routines. No hardcoded credentials beyond API keys (which are standard but should be protected). No obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up multiple tool functions for data retrieval from reputable financial data providers. It uses API keys (which are visible here but should be secured in production). The functions perform standard data fetching, parsing, and formatting operations. There are no indications of malicious activities such as code injection, data exfiltration, or system sabotage. The code is primarily read-only data access, with no side effects or system modifications. The structure and format are consistent with a secure, analytical data retrieval module. No anomalies suggestive of sabotage or malware are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of data retrieval functions for financial analysis, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It operates as intended for a data access layer without executing or executing untrusted code. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}