{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to retrieve financial data, news, earnings, sentiment, and economic indicators from various APIs (Yahoo Finance, Finnhub, FRED). It is designed for financial analysis and data collection.",
  "sources": "API calls to Yahoo Finance, Finnhub, and FRED; API keys embedded in the code; data read from external APIs and returned as JSON strings.",
  "sinks": "External API responses; JSON data returned to caller; no external file or network writes beyond API requests.",
  "flows": "API responses flow into JSON serialization; data from APIs is processed and returned as JSON strings; no code injection or external code execution detected.",
  "anomalies": "API keys are hardcoded in the source code, which is a security concern but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of straightforward API client functions for retrieving financial data, news, earnings, sentiment, and economic series. No suspicious or malicious code patterns such as obfuscation, backdoors, or sabotage are present. The data flows are simple and well-defined, with responses from third-party APIs being serialized into JSON. The embedded API keys pose a security risk but do not indicate malicious intent. No signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or sabotage are detected. The overall structure and behavior are consistent with legitimate data retrieval tools.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, transparent set of functions for financial data analysis. There is no evidence of malicious activity, sabotage, or obfuscation. The primary security concern is the hardcoded API keys, which should be managed securely outside the code. The malware score is 0, the obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.1 due to API key exposure. Overall, the supply chain security risk is minimal, and the code is safe for use with proper API key management.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}