{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for data transformations within an Apache Beam pipeline, including labeling, selecting, projecting, indexing, serializing, renaming, and excluding keys.",
  "sources": "The functions read data from input dictionaries or objects within the pipeline, primarily through lambda functions applied to data streams.",
  "sinks": "The functions output transformed data, such as JSON strings, key-value pairs, or modified dictionaries, which are then passed downstream in the pipeline.",
  "flows": "Data flows from source inputs into transformation functions (labels, select, project, index, serialize, rename, exclude), which process and produce outputs for subsequent pipeline steps.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses highly obfuscated variable and function names, and labels like 'Label', 'Select', which appear to be placeholders or internal markers. No external data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of standard data processing functions with obfuscated identifiers. The obfuscation seems intentional for internal pipeline management rather than malicious concealment. The only utility function converts Decimal objects to floats for JSON serialization, which is benign. No external data sources, network activity, or malicious payloads are present. The functions perform typical transformations such as labeling, selecting keys, projecting values, indexing, serializing, renaming keys, and excluding keys. The high obfuscation score is justified by nonsensical variable names and labels, but this does not indicate malicious intent. The malware score is zero, as there are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The overall security risk is low, given the benign nature of the code and absence of external communication or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of legitimate data transformation utilities for Apache Beam pipelines, with obfuscation likely for internal or placeholder purposes. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The assigned scores are consistent with the analysis, indicating a benign and safe codebase.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}