{
  "purpose": "The code defines a series of transformation functions for Apache Beam pipelines, mainly for data manipulation such as labeling, selecting, projecting, indexing, stringifying, renaming, and excluding data fields.",
  "sources": "Data inputs are read through Beam's Map functions applied to pipeline data collections; however, no direct input/output or external data sources are explicitly coded.",
  "sinks": "Data outputs are generated via Beam transformations (Map), but no external network, filesystem, or sensitive data leakage mechanisms are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input collection through various transformation functions such as Label, Select, Project, IndexBy, Stringify, IndexBySingle, Rename, and Exclude, all implemented as Beam Map transformations; no external or untrusted data flows or malicious actions are apparent.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains highly obfuscated function names, extensive use of lambda functions with non-descriptive variable names, and dynamic dictionary manipulations. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious domain/IP references are present. The use of a custom JSON encoder for Decimal types appears standard. The code structure is complex but does not include suspicious or malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a collection of data transformation functions intended for use in Apache Beam pipelines. All functions are for data manipulation: labeling, selecting, projecting, indexing, stringifying, renaming, and excluding fields. No external data sources or sinks are hardcoded; the transformations are standard. The obfuscated naming might be to hinder easy understanding but does not by itself imply malicious intent. There are no signs of malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The use of json.dumps with a Decimal converter is typical for serialization. No suspicious external calls, hardcoded secrets, or code injection mechanisms are present. Overall, the code looks like a set of utility functions for data processing, with no indication of malicious behavior or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code consists of data transformation functions for an Apache Beam pipeline with obfuscated but benign logic. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The obfuscation appears to be an attempt at code concealment but does not affect security. The code is safe for use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}