{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to read and write matrices from Excel files using openpyxl and numpy, primarily for data analysis or processing tasks involving spreadsheet data.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from Excel files via openpyxl.load_workbook, specifically from sheet objects and cell values within the specified or active sheet.",
  "sinks": "The code writes matrices to new Excel files using openpyxl.Workbook, placing labels and data into cells. It does not perform any network communication, file system modifications outside of creating new files, or access sensitive data beyond reading cell values.",
  "flows": "Data flows from Excel files into numpy arrays via _non_empty_cells and _matrix_from_cells functions; these arrays are processed internally. When writing, data flows from numpy matrices into Excel cells via write_matrix function.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code constructs. The code contains standard data handling and file I/O operations. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or suspicious external calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily loads Excel sheets, extracts non-empty cells, converts cell data into numpy arrays, and reconstructs matrices. It includes error handling for empty sheets and invalid data formats. The writing functions output matrices to new Excel files, optionally with labels. No network activity, credential handling, or system manipulation code is present. The functions appear straightforward, with proper validation and exception handling. The code’s structure and logic align with standard data processing routines without signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical data processing module for Excel-based matrix data, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs standard input/output and data conversion tasks safely. No malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}