{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a testing framework for executing external programs or commands, comparing their output to expected answers, and measuring resource usage such as time and memory.",
  "sources": "Input is read from 'input' TextIO, and expected output is read from 'answer' TextIO. Data may originate from user input, test data files, or other external sources fed into the execution environment.",
  "sinks": "Execution output is sent to subprocess stdout, and the results are processed within the program. The code reads from answer files, and subprocess streams, but does not appear to write untrusted data to sensitive locations or network.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the 'input' TextIO to the subprocess's stdin. The subprocess executes, and its stdout is compared with the answer input to determine correctness. Resource usage is monitored via psutil or resource modules.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior observed. The code uses dynamic imports (psutil), but only for monitoring, which is standard for such tasks. No obfuscated code or unusual control flow is present. The code performs standard subprocess execution and output comparison.",
  "analysis": "The script provides a structured approach to executing external programs with resource limits, capturing their output, and comparing it to expected answers. It uses psutil for process monitoring when polling is enabled, and subprocess.run for non-polling execution. No signs of malicious code, data leakage, or sabotage are detected. The code appears well-structured, with no obvious malicious intent or hidden functionality. It avoids unsafe practices like executing arbitrary code or writing to critical locations. All modules and functions are standard and relevant for a testing framework.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a secure testing harness for program execution, output validation, and resource monitoring. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. It follows typical patterns for such applications and does not contain suspicious or harmful code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}