{
  "purpose": "The code implements a framework for running asynchronous linting checks on Python code, utilizing AST and CST parsing with visitor patterns for error detection.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from the AST nodes during traversal (visit method) and CST nodes in __CommonRunner and Flake8AsyncRunner_cst run methods. Also reads configuration options and error codes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods that modify the state, such as adding problems to the list, but no dangerous data sinks like network operations, file writes, or command execution are present.",
  "flows": "Input data from AST/CST nodes flows through visitor methods that analyze code structure; errors identified are stored in the shared state 'problems' list. No untrusted external data flows into dangerous sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code follows standard visitor pattern structures. Utility visitors are conditionally excluded based on options, which is normal.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of an AST and CST visitor-based framework for static code analysis. It defines shared state management, conditional visitor execution based on error codes, and dynamic visitor invocation. No suspicious data handling or malicious behavior is evident. The functions perform typical traversal and error collection without executing external commands, handling secrets, or leaking data. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious intent. The only notable aspect is the optional exclusion of NoqaHandler based on configuration, which is a legitimate feature.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign framework for static code analysis using AST and CST visitors. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks. The structure is typical for such tools, with no anomalies or malicious code present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}