{
  "purpose": "The code encrypts Python source files, wrapping them in a self-decrypting script that decrypts and executes the code at runtime using exec().",
  "sources": "Reads input file content; uses TokenCryptor to encrypt/decrypt code; processes lines for encryption; reads and writes files.",
  "sinks": "exec() function executing decrypted code; potential for executing malicious payloads if the encrypted content is malicious.",
  "flows": "Input file content → encrypt_code() (excluding import lines) → wrapped in decrypt-and-execute script → exec(decrypted_code) at runtime.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on decrypted code; runtime decryption and execution pattern; no hardcoded secrets or network activity; pattern common in obfuscation and malware.",
  "analysis": "The script reads a Python file, encrypts its non-import lines, and wraps it in a self-decrypting script that decrypts and executes the code via exec(). The core pattern involves decrypting code at runtime and executing it, which is inherently risky. No explicit malicious payloads are present, but the pattern is often used in obfuscation and malware to conceal malicious intent. The use of exec() on decrypted code can lead to execution of arbitrary, potentially malicious code if the encrypted payload is compromised. The scores assigned in the reports reflect the pattern's potential for malicious use, with malware scores ranging from 0.2 to 0.75, obfuscation scores from 0 to 0.9, and security risk scores from 0.4 to 0.8. Given the pattern's common use in malicious obfuscation, a higher malware score (~0.75), high obfuscation (~0.8), and high security risk (~0.8) are justified. The pattern's inherent danger warrants a conservative assessment, emphasizing the potential for malicious payload execution. Overall, the code pattern is dangerous due to its reliance on decrypting and executing code at runtime, which can be exploited maliciously in untrusted environments.",
  "conclusion": "The code employs a pattern of encrypting source code and decrypting it at runtime for execution, which is inherently risky. While no explicit malicious code is present, the pattern is commonly associated with obfuscation and malware concealment. The scores from the reports are appropriate, with a slight tendency to underestimate the malware potential. A malware score around 0.75, obfuscation around 0.8, and security risk around 0.8 accurately reflect the pattern's high-risk nature. Caution should be exercised when handling such code, especially in untrusted environments, due to its potential for malicious use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.75,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}