{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes, interfaces, and functions related to managing Windows domain nodes and EKS clusters within an AWS CDK environment. It primarily facilitates infrastructure configuration and automation tasks.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data via function parameters, class properties, and imported modules such as 'jsii', 'publication', 'typing', and AWS CDK constructs. It also accesses environment information indirectly through imported modules and properties.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calls to 'jsii.create', 'jsii.invoke', and 'jsii.get' which execute method calls or property accesses, potentially leading to arbitrary code execution if inputs are malicious. Property setters and method invocations on objects such as 'ad_parameters_store' or 'eks_cluster' may also be sinks if untrusted data is supplied.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-provided parameters and properties into object creation and method invocation functions ('jsii.create', 'jsii.invoke', 'check_type'). These flows are typical for infrastructure-as-code scripts, with no evident data leakage or malicious transmission pathways.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code performs standard type checking, class and interface definitions, and method invocations consistent with AWS CDK constructs. No obfuscation, suspicious domain connections, or hidden network activity are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code uses 'jsii' to create and invoke infrastructure components, which is typical in CDK-based projects. All functions utilize standard parameter validation and property management. No dynamic code execution, network communication, or data exfiltration mechanisms are visible. The imported modules and constructs are all related to infrastructure management and do not suggest malicious intent. There are no hidden or obfuscated parts; the code is structured and clear.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate infrastructure definition using AWS CDK constructs, interfaces, and classes. It performs configuration tasks for Windows nodes and EKS clusters without any signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. No evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling is present.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}