{
  "purpose": "The code defines Python classes and interfaces for managing Windows EC2 instances within AWS CDK constructs, including dependency management, user data scripts, and EKS cluster integration.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (abc, builtins, datetime, enum, typing), third-party modules (jsii, publication, typeguard, constructs), and internal modules (publication, authentication, storage). The code reads configuration properties, environment settings, and secret objects. It also reads input parameters for class initializations and method arguments.",
  "sinks": "Method invocations like jsii.create, jsii.invoke, jsii.get, and jsii.set, which could potentially execute or modify resources. The class methods may accept untrusted input parameters such as strings for IP addresses, commands, and secret objects, but these are generally used for resource configuration. No network, file, or system commands are directly executed that would indicate malicious activity.",
  "flows": "Input parameters such as IP addresses, command sequences, and secret objects are passed into class methods and property setters. These are used for resource setup, e.g., opening RDP ports, running PowerShell or shell commands via SSM, or configuring dependencies. There are no indications of data flows leading to exfiltration, command injection, or data leaks. The flow is limited to resource management and configuration.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive boilerplate for defining classes, interfaces, and type checking stubs. No hardcoded credentials, secret keys, or malicious payloads are present. All methods and properties relate to resource configuration. No hidden or obfuscated code patterns, dynamic code execution, or suspicious URL/network activity. The code relies on external input for configuration but does not appear to process or exfiltrate data maliciously.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of AWS CDK constructs for managing Windows nodes and EKS clusters. It includes interfaces and classes for dependency management, secret handling, and user data commands. The methods utilize JSII for resource creation and configuration. No signs of malicious behavior such as system command execution, data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident. The structure is typical of infrastructure-as-code modules, with clear purpose and no suspicious logic. The functions mainly facilitate resource setup, with no indication of malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign infrastructure management library for AWS CDK, with no malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage features. It performs configuration and dependency management for Windows nodes and EKS clusters in a standard manner. No security risks or malware signatures are detected based on the current content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}