{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of classes, interfaces, and functions related to AWS infrastructure, specifically Windows domain nodes, EKS clusters, and associated dependencies for use within CDK (Cloud Development Kit) constructs.",
  "sources": "Data is read from method parameters, class properties, and imported modules such as 'pkgutil', 'abc', 'builtins', 'datetime', 'enum', 'typing', and various AWS CDK and constructs modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows could occur if input parameters (e.g., IP addresses, PowerShell commands, secrets) are not validated, but there are no direct sinks like network calls or system modifications shown within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method inputs (parameters such as IP addresses, commands, secrets) through method calls to class properties and jsii invocations. There are no evident direct malicious flows, but inputs are passed to jsii.invoke() which could execute code in underlying constructs.",
  "anomalies": "The code heavily relies on jsii for creating and invoking AWS CDK constructs, but no hardcoded credentials, secret tokens, or malicious obfuscation are present. The use of 'extend_path' at the beginning is typical for package setup. No backdoors or suspicious code patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical infrastructure-as-code setup for AWS CDK constructs with interfaces and class definitions for managing Windows nodes and EKS clusters. There are type hints, property getters/setters, and method definitions with input validation. No embedded malicious code, secret leaks, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The imports and class structure follow standard patterns for CDK construct definitions. No network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are visible. The code relies on external inputs (IP addresses, secrets, commands), which should be sanitized, but this is typical for such infrastructure code.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be standard infrastructure definition code for AWS CDK constructs related to Windows domain nodes and EKS clusters. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware is evident. The use of jsii for resource creation and invocation is normal for CDK-based projects. There are no indicators of supply chain attacks or hidden malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}