{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and interfaces for managing Windows domain nodes and EKS clusters in AWS CDK, providing methods for node configuration, dependency management, and executing remote commands via SSM.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include environment variables (implicitly through AWS SDKs), secrets manager secrets, and method parameters such as IP addresses, command strings, and resource identifiers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network calls via jsii.invoke to run remote commands (e.g., runPsCommands, runShellCommands, runPowerShellSSMDocument), and property setters/getters that could expose secret data if misused. There is also an implicit risk if secrets are logged or exposed through property access.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method parameters (commands, IP addresses, resource identifiers) into method invocations, some of which execute commands remotely or modify AWS resources. Secrets (like passwordObject) could flow into command execution if used improperly.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The code largely consists of interface and class definitions with method calls for AWS resource management. No suspicious or unusual code patterns are present. Use of __path__ and extend_path at the start appears standard for package initialization.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of class and interface definitions for managing AWS infrastructure components related to Windows domain nodes and EKS clusters. It uses jsii to interface with underlying AWS CDK constructs, allowing remote command execution and resource dependency management. No code directly performs malicious actions; methods like runPsCommands and runShellCommands invoke remote scripts via AWS SSM, which is standard for infrastructure automation. No hardcoded secrets, network communications to suspicious domains, or system-level tampering code are detected. The code structure and method implementations appear typical for a CDK-based resource management library. The only consideration is that command execution via SSM could potentially be exploited if misused, but this is a known and intended functionality in such automation scripts.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard infrastructure management library for AWS resources with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It facilitates automation and remote execution of commands, which could be misused if used improperly, but no malicious intent or malicious code is embedded. Overall security risk is low, with no malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}