{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for finding, managing, and wrapping sklearn classes and modules, especially for integration with the sklearndf framework. It facilitates class discovery, module submodule detection, class wrapping, and validation of estimator states.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules, class attributes, and sys.modules. It also creates test data using pandas DataFrame for validation purposes.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain explicit sinks that lead to data leakage, system harm, or external communication. It primarily operates internally on sklearn and sklearndf classes.",
  "flows": "The code flows from discovering classes in modules, mapping them to wrapper classes, filtering by name, and performing validation checks with test data. Specifically, it finds classes, maps wrappers, filters by regex, and tests estimators for NotFittedError.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation are present. The code appears straightforward, utilizing standard Python reflection and class handling techniques. No malicious network or system calls are observed.",
  "analysis": "The script loads various sklearn and sklearndf classes and modules, dynamically finds classes and submodules, maps native sklearn classes to their wrapper counterparts, filters classes by name patterns, and validates estimator states with test data. All operations are within typical Python reflection, class management, and testing patterns. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior. The code's structure and logic seem consistent with a security-conscious utility for managing ML framework classes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for class discovery, module handling, and estimator validation within the sklearn/sklearndf framework. There are no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It appears to be well-structured, standard, and safe for use in a secure environment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}