{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and classes for parsing and serializing URL query strings, supporting custom formats for arrays and nested parameters.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, including query string input in the parse method and parameter dictionaries in the stringify methods.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs URL-encoded strings using Python's urllib.parse.urlencode, which could potentially be manipulated if untrusted data is provided, but it does not directly execute or evaluate untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input data from parse method flows through parse_qs to produce a dictionary; data from params in stringify and stringify_items methods flows through _stringify_item and ultimately into urlencode, producing URL strings.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code. The code performs standard parsing and serialization functions. No dynamic code execution, system commands, or network calls are present. Usage of internal utility functions like flatten and _utils is safe assuming their correctness.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes and functions for URL query string parsing and serialization with customizable formats. It processes input parameters for encoding, converting data structures into URL-encoded strings, and parsing query strings into mappings. The methods do not perform any unsafe operations like executing code, reading environment variables, or network activity. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious behavior are evident. The only potential concern is that input data could be manipulated for malicious URL crafting, but this is inherent to URL serialization functions and not malicious per se. Overall, the code appears standard, with no malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities identified.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard utility for query string handling without any malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain hidden backdoors, data leaks, or unsafe practices. The functions serve legitimate purposes in URL encoding/decoding workflows.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}