{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to perform search operations on GitLab resources such as projects, groups, and blobs through the GitLab API.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters including search terms, group IDs, project IDs, and search scopes. It also constructs API request parameters from these inputs.",
  "sinks": "The code sends requests to the GitLab API endpoints, including search parameters and identifiers, but does not directly handle untrusted data beyond constructing API requests. No data leaks or sensitive information extraction is evident within this code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (search terms, IDs, scopes) are used to build request objects, which are then used to perform asynchronous API calls. Responses are parsed into models and returned.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments. The API interactions are straightforward. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or unusual logic patterns are present. Error handling converts exceptions into custom API errors but does not contain suspicious manipulations.",
  "analysis": "The code validates input parameters, constructs API requests, and processes responses. Error handling captures specific exceptions and raises custom errors with descriptive messages. The API request URLs and parameters are dynamically generated based on input data, but they adhere to standard REST API interaction patterns. No suspicious data flows, hardcoded secrets, or covert behaviors are present. The code appears to be a standard implementation of an API client for search functionality with proper exception handling.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs search operations on GitLab resources via REST API calls without including malicious behavior or security risks. It handles inputs securely and raises appropriate errors. No signs of malware, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}