{
  "purpose": "This code is a set of test fixtures and test functions for a Streamlit application using Playwright for UI testing, primarily focusing on interaction with map components and verifying visual elements.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data mainly from user interactions (clicks, role selections, text inputs) and responses from web pages and frames during tests.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include screenshot files saved on failure, subprocess management of the Streamlit app, and network responses (via response handlers).",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions and page responses into assertions and screenshot captures. The subprocess management in 'run_streamlit' controls app startup/shutdown, but does not process untrusted data beyond command execution.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors detected. No hardcoded credentials, no backdoors, no obfuscated code, and no suspicious network activity. Use of subprocess is standard for test setup. The response handler logs but does not leak or misuse data. The code structure is consistent with testing scripts.",
  "analysis": "The code is a testing suite for a web application with no signs of malicious behavior. It does not perform any data exfiltration, code injection, or privilege escalation. The subprocess is used solely for launching a local application instance, with no external or unverified inputs influencing command parameters. Response logging is for debugging purposes only. No hardcoded secrets or malicious payloads are present. The code is well-structured for testing purposes, with no anomalies suggesting malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate testing script for a Streamlit app, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs standard UI automation tasks, manages subprocesses securely, and captures debug data responsibly.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}