{
  "purpose": "The code is a test suite for a Streamlit application utilizing the Playwright framework to automate browser interactions and verify UI components, functionality, and responsiveness.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from user interactions with webpage elements, such as clicking buttons, links, map markers, and extracting properties from iframe content and DOM elements.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include subprocess calls to run the Streamlit app, browser page manipulations, and screenshot saving. No direct data leaks or sensitive data handling are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user actions (clicks, navigations) into responses captured via Playwright's event handlers (e.g., 'response' event). The test functions verify responses and page content based on these interactions. No suspicious flow of untrusted data to critical sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard testing procedures without hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The subprocess handling of the Streamlit app is straightforward. No suspicious or malicious code segments detected. Sleep calls are used for timing but are typical in such scripts.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive set of UI tests for a Streamlit app, employing Playwright to automate browser interactions, verify page content, and handle app startup via subprocess. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors, are present. The subprocess management is standard, and no hardcoded secrets or unusual behaviors are found. The event handling, such as capturing responses, is typical for testing purposes. Overall, the code appears legitimate, designed for testing and validation purposes only.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate automated test suite for a Streamlit app, with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It functions as expected for testing UI components and responsiveness without including any malicious or harmful code.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}