{
  "purpose": "The code provides error handling and parsing functions for managing HTTP response errors from the WalkScore API within a Python package.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the http_response object, specifically accessing its status_code, json(), text, or decode() methods.",
  "sinks": "The code raises custom exceptions based on the parsed error type, which could potentially trigger error handling routines or logging mechanisms.",
  "flows": "The parse_http_error function extracts status code and message from http_response, then check_for_errors raises exceptions based on error type. Data flows from http_response to error parsing to exception raising.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not perform any suspicious activities such as network connections, data exfiltration, or code execution. It relies solely on standard HTTP response parsing and error handling. The DEFAULT_ERROR_CODES dictionary uses numeric keys with some non-standard codes (e.g., 2, 30, 31), which may suggest unconventional error code handling but not malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a hierarchy of custom error classes for the WalkScore API errors, and functions to interpret HTTP responses and raise corresponding exceptions. It uses typical error parsing methods: accessing response status, JSON content, or decoding text. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or sensitive data handling is evident. The only notable aspect is the use of custom error codes, but these are within a controlled context. The module is a straightforward error management utility with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard error handling utility for a Python API client. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. Its structure and content suggest it's a legitimate component for managing API errors. No security risks or malware are present based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}