{
  "purpose": "The script provides command-line tools for managing MCP servers, including version display, development, running, and installing servers, with integrations for environment configuration and external tools.",
  "sources": "User input parameters (file_spec, env_vars, env_file, server_name, transport, etc.), environment variables, and external commands via subprocess (npx, uv).",
  "sinks": "Subprocess execution with subprocess.run, importing modules dynamically, environment variable handling, and filesystem operations.",
  "flows": "User inputs (file_spec, env_vars, env_file) are parsed and validated, potentially influencing subprocess commands or module imports. Environment variables are loaded and combined. Files are resolved and imported dynamically. Commands like 'dev', 'run', and 'install' execute external processes or import modules based on user input.",
  "anomalies": "Use of subprocess with shell=True on Windows could be misused if input is manipulated, but here it appears controlled. Dynamic import of user-specified files and optional server objects poses some risk, but no suspicious payloads are evident. Loading environment variables from files and command-line options is standard. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The code properly handles errors and logs, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard CLI operations, including environment variable management, dynamic module import, subprocess invocation, and filesystem validation. It carefully handles errors, checks for required modules, and constructs commands based on inputs. The subprocess command uses controlled arguments, with environment variables managed explicitly. The module import process looks for common server object names and supports module:object syntax. There is no evidence of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, system sabotage, or hidden backdoors. The use of subprocess with shell=True is limited to Windows and appears necessary for command compatibility. Overall, the code is typical of CLI tools with robust error handling and input validation, without malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code provides legitimate CLI functionalities for managing MCP servers, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles user inputs securely, performs dynamic imports and subprocess calls in a controlled manner, and lacks suspicious or obfuscated code segments. Risks are minimal and typical of CLI tools designed for development workflows.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}