{
  "purpose": "The provided code is a comprehensive test suite for a Django form rendering library called crispy_forms. It verifies various functionalities such as form layout, error handling, media inclusion, CSRF token handling, and template customization.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include form inputs, form data submissions, template context variables, and form helper configurations. Data is read from form instances, helper attributes, and context variables.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include HTML output (rendered forms), where untrusted data could be injected into the output, leading to cross-site scripting (XSS). The CSRF token handling involves inserting tokens into forms. There is no evidence of data being sent over networks or being used maliciously within this code.",
  "flows": "Input data (forms, helper configurations, context variables) flow into the rendering functions (render_crispy_form) and produce HTML output. The CSRF tokens are manually generated and embedded into forms. The data flows from form instances and helper attributes through rendering templates to produce the final HTML.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior observed. The code performs standard testing operations, uses standard Django and crispy_forms functions, and does not include hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code snippets. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of test functions that validate the correct behavior of a Django form rendering library. It primarily performs rendering, validation, and assertion checks. No external network calls, no dynamic code execution, and no handling of sensitive data such as credentials or tokens in a suspicious manner. The CSRF token handling appears standard, with manual injection for testing purposes. All operations are within the scope of testing and form rendering, with no malicious intent or behaviors observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, standard test suite for a form rendering library. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. The logic focuses on form rendering, validation, and template customization without any suspicious or malicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}