{
  "purpose": "The code comprises various test functions that mock API responses, resource fetching, and circuit operations to verify behavior under controlled conditions. It is primarily designed for testing quantum circuit execution, resource management, and API interactions.",
  "sources": "Mocked API endpoints, response data, and resource fetch functions; no real external data or user input is read.",
  "sinks": "No external network activity; data flows are confined within mock objects and test functions.",
  "flows": "Test functions invoke mocked API methods and resource fetchers, passing data through internal variables and assertions without external data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "Some class and variable names are intentionally obfuscated, but no secrets, backdoors, or malicious code are present. No obfuscation appears malicious, likely for testing or edge case purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of test cases employing mocks to simulate API responses, resource queries, and quantum circuit operations. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or sabotage. The obfuscation of class names is consistent with testing practices and does not indicate malicious intent. All network interactions are mocked, and no secrets or sensitive data are hardcoded. The malware score is zero, as no malicious payloads or behaviors are detected. The obfuscation score is moderate (~0.2), justified by the intentionally obscure class names but not indicative of malicious obfuscation. The overall security risk is very low (~0.2), reflecting the testing nature and lack of real external communication or vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is legitimate testing code employing mocks for API interactions, resource management, and quantum circuit testing. There is no evidence of malicious activity, sabotage, or supply chain compromise. The obfuscation is likely for testing or edge case coverage, not malicious concealment. The malware score remains at 0, and the security risk is minimal. The obfuscation score is justified at around 0.2 due to the obfuscated class names. Overall, the code poses a very low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}