{
  "purpose": "Implementation of a custom immutable date delta class for representing differences in years, months, and days, with support for arithmetic operations and integration with datetime objects.",
  "sources": "Input data from constructor parameters, property accessors, and interactions with datetime.date objects during addition and subtraction operations.",
  "sinks": "No sinks that process untrusted data leading to potential vulnerabilities; no code that writes or transmits untrusted data or executes external commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through constructor validation, and into internal attributes. During addition/subtraction with datetime.date, data flows through date manipulation functions and arithmetic, but no untrusted data or external influence is involved.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard arithmetic and date calculations without suspicious or unusual logic. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The implementation is straightforward, with no obfuscation or hidden behaviors. Use of _days_in_month is standard logic for date calculations.",
  "analysis": "The class defines a custom immutable date delta structure, with validation ensuring integer inputs. It supports equality, hashing, addition, subtraction, and multiplication. The methods that interact with datetime.date objects adjust date components, handling potential invalid dates by incrementing months or days as necessary. The code includes constants for common delta values. The helper functions _days_in_month and _s are standard implementations. There are no indications of malicious intent, code injection, or data leakage. No suspicious external calls, network activity, or credential handling are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign implementation of a date delta utility class. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or security risks. The logic is straightforward and consistent with normal date arithmetic operations. No malicious behavior or security threats are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}