{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions and classes to display and handle analytic functions available in a Teradata Vantage system, including filtering, formatting, and special case handling.",
  "sources": "Reads input arguments 'type', 'name', and internal data structures such as function type dictionaries and connection status.",
  "sinks": "Outputs data to console via print statements; uses JSON parsing functions; modifies internal function metadata; no evident sinks that could lead to data leakage or execution of untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Input arguments -> validation -> filtering and formatting logic -> printing results; special handlers modify argument formatting based on function name.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious logic detected. The code includes extensive filtering, formatting, and handling of function arguments. No external network access or data exfiltration is evident. The code uses standard libraries and straightforward control flows. The presence of a JSON loader for argument handling is standard and not malicious. No obfuscation or code injection mechanisms are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs input validation, filtering, and formatting for displaying function metadata. It includes a class for handling special function argument cases, with well-defined helper methods. There is no dynamic code execution, network communication, or use of untrusted sources that could indicate malicious intent. The only potential concern might be the reliance on print statements for output, but this is typical for command-line tools and not malicious. The JSON parsing occurs in a controlled context for argument handling, and no unsafe eval or subprocess calls are present. Overall, the logic is straightforward and adheres to normal data handling patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility for displaying and formatting function metadata from a predefined store, with no evidence of malicious or sabotage activity. It is a typical data filtering and presentation module with no malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}