{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for displaying available analytic functions on a Teradata Vantage system, including filtering and special case handling for function arguments.",
  "sources": "Input arguments to display_analytic_functions, _display_functions, _get_filtered_list, and methods in FuncSpecialCaseHandler; reading from function parameters and internal variables.",
  "sinks": "Console output via print statements for listing functions; no data sinks for external systems or network activity detected.",
  "flows": "Input arguments are validated, filtered, and formatted; the functions print lists of functions based on user filters. No external data or network flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive use of dynamic string formatting and JSON parsing, but all appear to serve legitimate purposes for argument handling and display. No hard-coded credentials, suspicious string manipulations, or obfuscated code detected. The special case handler manages argument quoting and formatting for function calls, which is standard for such utility classes.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a utility module for listing and filtering functions available in a Teradata Vantage environment. It uses argument validation, string filtering, and formatted printing for user interactions. The _JsonStore and validator classes are used for internal validation and data retrieval, with no external or malicious operations evident. The FuncSpecialCaseHandler class manages argument formatting for specific functions with tailored quoting and brackets, which is typical for code handling function argument preparation. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity. The only potential concern is the use of JSON parsing and dynamic string handling, but all uses are contextually justified for argument formatting and filtering.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for displaying filtered function lists with argument formatting. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. It mainly manages display logic, argument filtering, and special case formatting. There are no suspicious or malicious operations present, and the overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}