{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client interface for Azure's Computer Vision API, enabling image analysis, description, object detection, OCR, and related operations via HTTP requests.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters such as URLs, images (streams or URLs), and configuration objects.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could reach network requests (via URL or image stream uploads) and be sent to external servers, or be deserialized from responses. Also, the code constructs request headers and bodies based on input parameters.",
  "flows": "Input data (URLs, image streams) flows into request bodies; these are serialized and sent via HTTP POST or GET requests to Azure endpoints. Responses are deserialized and returned, with potential for raw response forwarding.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or API keys are present. No evidence of code obfuscation, backdoors, or hidden logic. The code properly serializes/deserializes data and uses standard Azure SDK patterns. No suspicious network domains or unusual data handling is evident. The code handles streams and callbacks securely, with no evident malicious logic or malicious code injection points.",
  "analysis": "The code acts as a wrapper for Azure Cognitive Services' Computer Vision API, handling HTTP request construction, serialization of input parameters, and deserialization of responses. It supports both URL-based and stream-based image input, with proper error handling for HTTP responses. The request URLs are formatted based on known endpoint metadata. Input data is serialized appropriately, and responses are deserialized into model objects. The code employs standard SDK design patterns without any signs of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors. No hardcoded secrets or insecure practices are detected. It only performs legitimate API interactions and data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate SDK client for Azure's Computer Vision API, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It securely handles input/output data, performs standard serialization/deserialization, and communicates with Azure endpoints. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}