{
  "purpose": "Define custom exceptions for the Prefect framework, including error handling, signal management, and traceback utilities.",
  "sources": "Exception raising points, traceback manipulation functions, and class constructors that accept external input or error objects.",
  "sinks": "Exception messages, traceback outputs, and error details formatted into strings or stored in exception attributes.",
  "flows": "External inputs include exceptions, error objects, traceback frames, and optional context data; outputs are formatted error messages and traceback strings.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The traceback trimming utility selectively removes frames from specified modules, which is standard for clean error reporting. Exception classes mainly wrap external error info or internal state with no apparent malicious code. The inclusion of external libraries (httpx, pydantic, typing_extensions) is typical for such frameworks. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a hierarchy of exception classes and utility functions for traceback management within the Prefect framework. The `_trim_traceback` function removes frames from specified modules for cleaner tracebacks, which is a common debugging practice. The `exception_traceback` function converts exceptions into strings with tracebacks, also standard. All exception classes are designed to capture error details, often from external or internal error objects, and format messages accordingly. No parts of the code perform network activity, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. The code structure and use of external libraries are typical for a structured error-handling module.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a well-structured, benign set of exception classes and traceback utilities for the Prefect framework. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It is designed to handle errors and signals cleanly, with no suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}