{
  "purpose": "Define custom exception classes and utility functions for handling errors, signals, and traceback manipulation within the Prefect framework.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries, third-party modules (httpx, pydantic, typing_extensions), and code within functions and class constructors that handle exceptions and manipulate tracebacks.",
  "sinks": "Traceback formatting, exception message generation, and traceback trimming functions that could potentially reveal sensitive internal module paths or data if misused or exposed.",
  "flows": "Exception handling and traceback processing flows, particularly in `_trim_traceback` and `ScriptError` where traceback frames are selectively removed. Exception class constructors often set attributes or format messages.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. Traceback trimming could potentially obfuscate detailed error information, but it is a legitimate utility function. No suspicious network calls, data exfiltration, or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines custom exceptions for the Prefect framework, including traceback handling utilities and signal classes. Traceback manipulation functions remove specific module frames to simplify error outputs. Exception classes capture relevant context, such as HTTP errors, validation errors, and task states. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data theft, remote control, or hidden backdoors is present. All functionalities align with error handling and diagnostics, with careful management of tracebacks to avoid leaking sensitive paths. The traceback trimming logic is straightforward and intended for cleaner error reports, not malicious concealment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of exception classes, traceback utilities, and signals used internally by the Prefect framework. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. The traceback trimming is a legitimate feature for cleaner error reporting. Overall, the code appears secure and intended solely for robust error handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}