{
  "purpose": "The code implements a finite state machine framework in Python, providing classes and methods to define, manage, and trigger state transitions, with support for callbacks and global state management.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data for states and events, such as 'cfg', 'initial', 'events', 'callbacks', and 'final'. It also reads input via method parameters like event names and callback functions.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially influence event triggers, callback executions, or state transitions if not properly controlled. Specifically, 'event' names, callback functions, and condition functions could be manipulated if externally provided.",
  "flows": "Data flows from configuration inputs into internal mappings (_map, _callbacks). When events are triggered via method calls (e.g., 'trigger'), they invoke callbacks, transition logic, and state updates. Callback functions and condition functions are invoked during transition handling.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded secrets or credentials. Usage of weak references for callbacks appears standard and safe. No obfuscated or misleading code structures detected. The code follows typical design patterns for FSM frameworks. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or reverse shell behavior is present. Usage of dynamic attribute setting is standard for callback invocation. The code's structure indicates a typical FSM library, with no unusual or malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for state machine management with support for event triggering, callbacks, and condition handling. It employs weak references to prevent memory leaks. State transitions and callback invocations are handled securely, with no apparent code injection or unsafe data handling. No network operations, file manipulations, or external system interactions are present. The code does not contain obfuscated code or hidden behaviors. All dynamic code execution is limited to safe callback invocation, and no hardcoded credentials or backdoors are identified. The usage of 'sys' and standard library imports does not introduce risks. Overall, the logic is consistent with standard FSM implementations, with no malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a finite state machine framework in Python. It manages state transitions, callbacks, and event triggers securely without evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. There are no suspicious data flows, network activity, or backdoors. The code appears safe for use within its intended FSM functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}