{
  "purpose": "This code implements a finite state machine framework for Python, allowing state transitions with callback hooks and event handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from external modules (imported libraries), configuration dictionaries passed during initialization, and callback functions supplied by users.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include callback execution points where user-defined functions are called, dynamic attribute setting (setattr), and weak references. There are no explicit network or system data leakage points in the code itself.",
  "flows": "Data flows from configuration inputs to internal structures, then to callback invocations during state transitions. Callbacks are triggered through methods like _before_event, _after_event, etc., which invoke user-defined functions, potentially with untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains dynamic callback invocation and weak references for callback management, which are normal in such frameworks but could potentially be exploited if malicious callbacks are supplied. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. No use of insecure functions or dangerous eval-like constructs. No malicious code behavior (network access, data exfiltration, system modification) is evident.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard implementation of a finite state machine with flexible callback hooks. It loads configuration data and callbacks dynamically, executes callbacks on events, and manages state transitions. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or backdoors are detected. The weak reference handling and dynamic attribute setting are typical for callback management, not malicious. The code appears to be a benign, modular FSM framework with no signs of sabotage or malware. It is complex but does not exhibit malicious intent or behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical FSM framework implementation with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It relies on user-supplied callbacks and configurations, which is normal. No security risks like hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. It is safe to use from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}