{
  "purpose": "Provide an API for retrieving, setting, and managing course content dates, including caching, validation, and user-specific overrides.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters such as course_id, block_id, user data, schedule objects, and date/time inputs. Data is also read from models like ContentDate, UserDate, Schedule, and configuration flags.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include database writes/updates for ContentDate, UserDate, DatePolicy, and Schedule. Data is also cached in TieredCache. User input can influence database operations and cache keys.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data (e.g., function arguments, user data) flows into database queries, cache key generation, and data updates. Data retrieved from database can be influenced by user-specific overrides and course configurations, potentially affecting content date calculations.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code handles date calculations, caching, and database updates normally. There is no use of dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or unusual language features. Exception handling is standard. No suspicious network activity or reverse shell behavior is present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages course content dates, user overrides, and cache management with standard Django ORM practices. It includes functions for setting and retrieving dates, applying user overrides, and invalidating cache. Cache keys are constructed from input parameters, and data flows from user input into database models. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or malicious network activity are evident. All data modifications are explicitly related to course scheduling and date management. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. Exception handling and validation are properly implemented. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate functionality for course scheduling and date management without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of course date management features, including caching, user overrides, and date calculations. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware are detected. It handles data securely and transparently, consistent with its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}