{
  "purpose": "The code provides an API for retrieving and setting course date information, including managing content dates, user overrides, and schedule-based due dates within an educational platform.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include course_key, block_id, user data, date inputs (absolute or timedelta), and request parameters. These originate from function arguments, database queries, and external modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted data is used insecurely, such as through unsanitized inputs to database queries or in cache keys. Sinks include database writes, cache storage, and logging statements.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through validation and processing functions, often involving database queries and updates. Data from untrusted sources (like function inputs) flow into cache keys, database records, or are used in queries. No evidence suggests untrusted data reaches sensitive sinks without validation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The code includes standard exception handling, transaction management, and conditional logic. Cache key generation uses course and user info, but no sensitive info is exposed. No obfuscation or suspicious constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard content date management functions, including cache key construction, date retrieval, and update logic, with proper transaction handling. No malicious behavior such as system command execution, network communication outside the database/cache, or hidden code segments is evident. All inputs appear to be used in validated contexts, and exception handling aligns with typical usage. The functions are primarily for data management and do not contain any signals of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical course content date management API with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It employs standard practices for data validation, caching, and database operations, with no suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}