{
  "purpose": "Provides API functions to retrieve and set course-related date information, including caching, date overrides, and schedule retrieval for course blocks and users.",
  "sources": "Reads include input parameters (course_key, user objects, block IDs), database queries on ContentDate, UserDate, Schedule models, and cache retrievals from TieredCache.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points are cache key generation, database queries, and saving override data in set_date_for_block; no direct data leaks or injections observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., course_id, block_id, user data) flow into cache key generation, database queries, and data modification functions, with data returned to callers or stored in cache.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Cache keys include course and user identifiers; no obfuscated or unusual language features. The code handles course scheduling data in a standard way.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard data access and manipulation routines for course scheduling, including cache handling, database filtering, and date setting. It uses parameterized ORM queries, avoiding SQL injection risks. Cache keys are constructed from course, user, and schedule info, which is typical for caching. No suspicious data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious behaviors are evident. Exception handling is limited to custom exceptions for missing or invalid data. No obfuscated code or hidden logic detected. Overall, the code is well-structured and adheres to typical practices for course scheduling features.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of course date management, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It relies on established patterns and does not perform any suspicious network communication, data theft, or backdoor behaviors. The security risk is low, and there are no indications of malware or obfuscation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}