{
  "purpose": "To load, process, and validate application configuration settings from a YAML file with environment variable support, providing singleton access.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration file from disk; loads environment variables from a specified env_file; reads environment variables from OS environment; performs regex-based env var substitution in YAML content.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes environment variables during env file loading; reads environment variables for substitution; reads configuration data from disk; processes YAML content.",
  "flows": "Reads raw config file -> substitutes environment variables -> loads environment variables from env_file -> parses YAML -> resolves paths -> initializes singleton config instance.",
  "anomalies": "Uses regex substitution for env vars, which could be manipulated if the config file content is controlled. Loads environment variables from files, which could contain sensitive data. No code injection, backdoors, or malicious network activity observed. No obfuscated code patterns or hidden behaviors detected. Path resolution relies on user-provided paths, but this is standard for config management.",
  "analysis": "The code securely reads and processes a YAML configuration file, loading environment variables from a specified env_file if provided. It supports env var substitution within the YAML content, which is standard practice but could be exploited if the YAML file is maliciously crafted; however, this is a typical pattern for environment variable expansion. The environment variables are sourced from a local env file and the OS environment, with no evidence of malicious manipulation or network activity. The code does not include any suspicious network connections, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms. Path resolution is straightforward and based on the configuration file location, which is standard behavior. No signs of obfuscation or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard configuration loader with environment variable substitution. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage. Its handling of environment variables and file I/O is typical and safe in context. No malware or security risks are detected based on the provided code. The overall security risk score is low, with high confidence in this assessment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}