{
  "purpose": "The code defines models and related logic for handling student responses, scores, team submissions, and external grading queue management in an educational platform.",
  "sources": "Input sources include HTTP requests via Django ORM queries, model instantiations, and environment variables (settings). Data is read from model fields, such as foreign keys, JSON fields, and environment-based settings.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are database write operations (model saves, creates, updates), signal handlers, and external interactions like external grader status updates. The code writes data to the database and may send signals or external requests indirectly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from data input (e.g., new submissions, score updates) through ORM queries and model methods to database updates, signal handlers, and external queue management. No external untrusted data sources or code execution points are directly visible.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets detected. The only notable aspect is the use of environment variables for timing settings, which is standard. No obfuscated code or unconventional language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard Django ORM models with appropriate management of soft-deletion, data integrity, and concurrency via transactions. Signal handlers update score summaries upon score creation, ensuring data consistency. The ExternalGraderDetail manages a queue with status transitions, and its methods enforce valid state changes, preventing inconsistent states. All database operations appear legitimate with no signs of malicious behavior or unintended code execution. No code injection, data leakage, or privacy violations are detected. The code adheres to common security practices, such as atomic transactions for critical updates and avoiding sensitive information hardcoding.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a well-structured, standard implementation of an educational platform's data models with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It manages submissions, scores, and external grading queues securely. No malicious behaviors, sabotage, or backdoors are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}