{
  "purpose": "This code manages student submissions, team submissions, scores, and external grading queues within an educational platform, facilitating data storage, retrieval, and related workflows.",
  "sources": "Input sources include data from user models, UUIDs, form submissions, and external queues. Data is read from database queries, signals, and environment settings.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into database write operations for creating, updating, and deleting submissions, scores, and external grading details. Sensitive data such as UUIDs, environment variables, and secret keys are stored or used in operations.",
  "flows": "Untrusted external queue data (status updates, failure counts) flow into status transition methods. User or system inputs (e.g., UUIDs, annotations) flow into data retrieval functions. Internal signals update score summaries based on new scores.",
  "anomalies": "The code generally follows standard practices, with no hardcoded secrets or credentials. No suspicious obfuscation or hidden code is present. The 'pullkey' field acts as a security token, which could be sensitive, but it is intended for secure external communication. No backdoors or malicious payloads are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard Django models and signal handlers for managing educational data. It includes mechanisms for safe transitions and data integrity, such as atomic transactions and validation. The only potential concern is the 'pullkey' field, which functions as a secret token; if exposed, it could compromise external grading security, but its use aligns with intended security measures. There is no evidence of code injection, data leakage, or malicious behaviors such as system access, data theft, or network communication with malicious domains. No obfuscation or malware-like code patterns are present. The code appears to be a legitimate component of an educational platform, with proper exception handling and security considerations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, standard implementation for managing submissions and scores in an educational context. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. The only minor concern relates to the handling of the 'pullkey' security token, which should be protected, but its presence itself is expected and not malicious. Overall, the code shows no signs of malware, security breaches, or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}