{
  "purpose": "Defines models and logic for handling student responses, scores, team submissions, and external grading queues in an educational platform.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user input via models (e.g., student submissions, scores), environment variables (settings), and external system interactions (queue management).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include database writes, external queue operations, network calls (implied in external grader details), and logging mechanisms.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (user submissions, external system updates) through model operations (creation, updates, queries) to sinks such as database updates and external queues. No direct code injection, command execution, or data exfiltration flows are apparent.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. The use of JSONField and standard Django ORM methods appear normal. ExternalGraderDetail includes security tokens (pullkey) but only in context of queue security, not suspicious code. No obfuscation or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises standard Django models for handling submissions, scores, team responses, and queue management, with appropriate use of model managers, signals, and transaction controls. The presence of 'pullkey' as a security token for external grader interactions indicates some security consideration, but it appears properly scoped. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data theft, code injection, or hidden backdoors. The code is consistent with common patterns and does not include obfuscated or suspicious constructs. Overall, the code is well-structured, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical Django-based implementation for an educational submission system, with no detected malicious behavior. Security measures like unique tokens ('pullkey') are used for queue interactions but are part of standard queue management. No evidence of malware, malicious data exfiltration, or backdoors is present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}