{
  "purpose": "The code defines Django models and associated logic for handling student responses, scores, team submissions, and external grading queues within an educational platform. It manages data storage, retrieval, and state transitions for submissions and grading workflows.",
  "sources": "User inputs or external system interactions that update or create models, such as submissions, scores, and external grader details. Data retrieval occurs via database queries in methods like get_team_submission_by_uuid, get_cache_key, and in signal handlers.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows that could be exploited include saving malicious content in JSON answer fields, or injection via string formatting in queries (though Django ORM is used safely). The code also writes to logs and manages state transitions in external grader queue models.",
  "flows": "Sources include data passed to model methods and signals (e.g., new submissions, score updates). These flow into database operations like create, update, and fetch, which then may trigger signal handlers (e.g., update_score_summary). External queue operations also involve source-to-sink flow with status updates.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident. No obvious malicious code like system commands, network connections, or data exfiltration logic. The only noteworthy point is the handling of pullkeys for security, but the key is stored in a CharField, which is standard. No obfuscated code, no backdoors, or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard Django practices with ORM for database operations, signal handlers for maintaining data consistency, and models representing key entities in a submission workflow. There are appropriate error handling patterns, and no suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated constructs. The only possible concern is the storage of pullkeys as plain text, but this is a common approach for tokens. The code does not include network calls, file system modifications, or other actions typically associated with malware. It handles state transitions with validation, which is secure. Overall, the code appears well-structured, transparent, and free of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The reviewed code is a standard Django data management layer for educational submissions and grading workflows. It does not exhibit any signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks beyond typical application considerations. No malware or supply chain attacks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}