{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define multiple database stored procedures in different languages (JavaScript and Python) and contains a large set of configuration variables, test data, and metadata related to Snowflake database features and constraints.",
  "sources": "Variable assignments, string literals, and embedded code snippets used to define procedures and store metadata. No external input sources detected.",
  "sinks": "No direct output or data leaks observed. No execution of untrusted input, system calls, or network communications.",
  "flows": "No source-to-sink data flow involving untrusted data is evident. Procedures are defined with static code; metadata and variable initializations do not process external input.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of multiple hardcoded procedure definitions with embedded code snippets and metadata. Unusual mixture of code, metadata, and configuration data in a single fragment. No actual execution or invocation of procedures shown. No obfuscated code or hidden payloads detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of variable assignments, string literals defining stored procedures in JavaScript and Python, and extensive metadata related to Snowflake database constraints and features. There are no indications of malicious activities such as data exfiltration, command injection, or system compromise. The procedures are defined but not invoked. The mixture of code and configuration data appears to be part of a testing or metadata setup rather than malicious payloads. No external input processing or network communication routines are present. Overall, the code appears to be a configuration or test setup without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code does not exhibit signs of malicious behavior or malware. It mainly comprises static procedure definitions, metadata, and configuration data, with no evidence of malicious activity or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}