{
  "purpose": "The code defines multiple stored procedures in JavaScript and Python, along with extensive configuration variables, datasets, and flags. It appears primarily as configuration, testing scaffolding, or environment setup with obfuscated variable names and large static data structures.",
  "sources": "Variable assignments, procedure definitions, large datasets, configuration dictionaries, and flags within the code.",
  "sinks": "No active data flow, external input handling, network activity, or malicious payloads are present. The code does not invoke external systems or perform operations that could lead to data exfiltration or system compromise.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted input; the code consists of static definitions and placeholders without dynamic execution paths.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable names, large static datasets, complex configuration structures, and placeholder procedures. No signs of malicious code, network activity, or data exfiltration. The obfuscation may serve to conceal configuration details but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily static configuration and placeholder procedure definitions with obfuscated variable names and large datasets. No active malicious behavior, such as network calls, data theft, or sabotage, is evident. The obfuscation is notable but appears to serve concealment rather than malicious sabotage. The absence of dynamic input handling, external data processing, or malicious payloads supports the conclusion that this code is benign. The high obfuscation score (0.7) reflects the cryptic variable names, while the malware score (0) indicates no malicious activity. The low security risk score (0.2) is justified given the static, configuration nature of the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex, obfuscated configuration or testing setup with no evidence of malicious payloads or malicious behavior. The obfuscation may be intended to hide sensitive configuration details but does not constitute malicious sabotage. The malware score remains at 0, and the overall security risk is low. No modifications to the scores or assessment are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}