{
  "purpose": "This code defines an Airflow operator to execute Jupyter notebooks via papermill, supporting parameters and remote kernel connections through a hook.",
  "sources": "Input notebook path or NoteBook object, parameters, kernel connection info obtained via KernelHook.",
  "sinks": "Execution of the notebook via papermill, passing parameters and kernel connection details.",
  "flows": "Input notebook and parameters are used to instantiate NoteBook objects; kernel connection info is retrieved via hook and passed to papermill; the notebook is executed with these inputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, suspicious code, or obfuscation detected. Kernel connection info is handled via a hook, not embedded secrets.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of an Airflow operator for executing notebooks with papermill, including support for remote kernels. It manages input/output notebooks, parameters, and kernel connection info securely and appropriately. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The kernel connection details are obtained dynamically via a hook, not hardcoded, and used solely for remote execution. The security risk is low, primarily due to handling remote kernel info, which is typical in distributed notebook execution environments. The malware score is justified as 0, given the absence of malicious code. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The risk score of 0.2 reflects the potential sensitivity of remote kernel info but is justified by standard practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured operator for executing Jupyter notebooks with support for remote kernels. It does not contain malicious code, obfuscation, or significant security vulnerabilities. The scores are appropriate: malware 0, obfuscated 0, risk 0.2. Overall, it is safe for use in production environments with standard security considerations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}