{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive API wrapper for creating, managing, and interacting with Google Cloud Storage buckets and their associated resources, such as blobs, notifications, and IAM policies.",
  "sources": "Data is read from method parameters, class properties (e.g., self._properties), API responses from client._get_resource and other client methods, and user inputs through method arguments like policies, rules, and configurations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include API calls that send data to Google Cloud (e.g., _post_resource, _put_resource, _delete_resource), especially when updating IAM policies, bucket configurations, or creating signed URLs; also, the generation of signed URLs involves signing bytes with credentials, which is expected but can be misused if credentials are compromised.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., policies, rules, bucket configurations) through internal methods to API requests; for example, IAM policy changes flow from Policy objects to API payloads via to_api_repr(), then to cloud via client._put_resource. Signed URL generation signs credential bytes and constructs URLs, flowing from credentials to output URL. The methods for enabling/disabling features modify bucket properties which then trigger API updates.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns detected. Use of warnings for deprecated features is normal. No backdoors, unusual data leaks, or obfuscated code are present. The code relies on external credentials and API responses, which is standard for SDKs. No hidden network connections or system manipulations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical SDK wrapper with extensive API interaction for Google Cloud Storage. It reads data from method inputs and class properties, transforms them into API request payloads, and performs API calls for CRUD operations, IAM management, URL signing, and configuration. Signed URL generation uses credential signing, which is standard and not suspicious. The code manages various configurations, lifecycle rules, and access controls in accordance with official API specifications. No signs of malicious logic, backdoors, or sabotage are detected. The logic is consistent with an SDK designed for cloud resource management. No obfuscated or suspicious behavior is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SDK implementation for Google Cloud Storage with no malicious behavior or sabotage evident. It handles configuration, resource management, and URL signing securely and as intended. No malicious signals or security risks are detected beyond expected credential and API interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.05,
  "report_number": 4
}