{
  "purpose": "The provided code is a comprehensive SDK wrapper for Google Cloud Storage, enabling management of buckets, blobs, IAM policies, lifecycle rules, and signed URLs. It facilitates secure interactions with GCS resources, including URL signing and policy management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from method parameters, such as bucket names, blob names, policies, and configuration options. It also retrieves properties from the bucket's resource representations and external credentials for signing URLs.",
  "sinks": "The code performs actions that modify cloud resources, such as creating, updating, deleting buckets/blobs, setting IAM policies, and generating signed URLs. It outputs signed URLs, resource representations, and API responses. No suspicious data leaks or malicious data exfiltration points are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs or method arguments into API request construction, credential signing, and resource modification. For example, signed URL generation flows from credentials and resource info to produce a URL; IAM policy updates flow from policy objects to API calls; bucket operations flow from method calls to API endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code follows standard SDK patterns. The only notable warnings are deprecation notices and the need for correct parameter handling, which are legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard SDK implementation for Google Cloud Storage, handling resource management, access control, and URL signing. It relies on external credentials and API interactions. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or sabotage are detected. The reports claiming 'Empty response' lack context and do not reflect actual issues. The scores assigned (malware=0, obfuscated=0, low security risk) are consistent with the code's purpose and structure. The code's operations are typical for cloud SDKs, with no suspicious data flows or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured SDK for Google Cloud Storage with no malicious signals or obfuscation. The high confidence score (0.95) is justified. The 'Empty response' reports are likely placeholders or lack sufficient context. Overall, the code is safe and does not pose security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}