{
  "purpose": "The code defines various classes and functions for creating and managing an interactive map widget in Python, utilizing ipywidgets and leaflet.js for visualization.",
  "sources": "Data inputs originate from user interactions (e.g., map clicks, drawing events, feature selections), widget properties (e.g., data attributes, configuration parameters), and external data sources (e.g., GeoJSON, WKT files, remote image/video URLs).",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could flow into callback functions triggered by user interactions, or through properties like data, style, or URLs that may be set from external sources. Potential sinks include callback functions, send commands to the frontend, or loading external resources via URLs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from sources such as user interactions or external inputs (e.g., map clicks, search results, drawing events) into callback dispatchers, which may invoke user-defined functions. Properties like data, style, URLs, or callbacks are updated and then sent to the frontend for rendering or further processing.",
  "anomalies": "There are no indications of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code uses warnings for deprecated methods and relies on standard widget and map handling logic. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. External URLs are configurable and could be externally controlled, but no embedded malicious URLs or resource loading code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a comprehensive implementation of a map widget with various layers, controls, and data handling capabilities. It employs standard design patterns for widget properties, event handling, and user interaction callbacks. No hardcoded secrets, network communication with suspicious domains, or system-level manipulations are present. The functions handling external resources (e.g., URLs for images, videos, WKT, GeoJSON) are configurable and do not by themselves introduce security risks. The callback mechanisms are typical for widget event handling and are not exploited for malicious purposes. Usage of warnings and deprecation notices aligns with normal development practices. Overall, the code is a typical, well-structured mapping widget library with no evident malicious intent or security breaches.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a Python-based interactive map widget, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It mainly handles user interaction, data visualization, and widget management. External URL properties could potentially be misused if externally controlled, but there is no embedded malicious code or network activity within this source. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}