{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to convert nested JSON objects into flattened key-value pairs and reconstruct them back into nested structures, preserving data types.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the function parameters 'obj' (in flatten) and 'data' (in unflatten). It processes these data structures through recursive functions to produce flattened representations or nested objects.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks where untrusted data leads to potential vulnerabilities. The code does not perform system calls, network operations, or execute code based on input. It processes data in-memory without executing or evaluating untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input structures into recursive processing functions (_object_to_rows and replace_integer_keyed_dicts_with_lists) which generate flattened key-value pairs or reconstruct nested objects, respectively. No external system interactions are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes standard type annotation and handling for JSON-like data. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. There are no obfuscation techniques, dynamic code execution, or suspicious string manipulations. The use of regular expressions is straightforward and safe.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for serializing and deserializing complex nested JSON objects into flat dictionaries, with type annotations embedded in keys for accurate reconstruction. It employs recursion and pattern matching for handling nested dictionaries and lists, as well as type conversions. The use of regex for matching type suffixes and list indices is standard. The functions avoid executing untrusted data, and no external side effects are evident. The code appears to be a utility for data transformation rather than performing any malicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions solely as a data transformation utility for JSON objects, with no signs of malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It operates on in-memory data structures, with no external system interactions or security risks identified. Overall, it appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}