{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to serialize and deserialize JSON objects into flattened key-value pairs, preserving type information and structure for data processing or storage.",
  "sources": "Input data is provided via the 'obj' parameter in 'flatten()' and the 'data' parameter in 'unflatten()'.",
  "sinks": "The functions convert data types, but there are no evident sinks where untrusted data is directly executed or sent over the network. No data leaks, system commands, or external calls are present.",
  "flows": "The data flows from input data structures into flattened key-value pairs through '_object_to_rows' (source to sink), then back from key-value pairs into structured objects via 'unflatten', with type conversions during unflattening.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or hidden dynamic execution. Use of regex for pattern matching appears standard. No hardcoded credentials or secret handling present. The code strictly manipulates data structures and strings.",
  "analysis": "The code solely focuses on transforming JSON data into a flattened representation and vice versa, including type annotations. It performs type conversions, handles nested lists/dictionaries, and manages special cases like empty lists/dicts and type suffixes. There are no indications of code injection, malicious network activity, or privacy violations. The functions do not execute untrusted input or invoke system commands. Usage of regular expressions is straightforward for pattern matching. The code structure and logic are standard for serialization/deserialization routines.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility for flattening and unflattening JSON data with type preservation. There are no signs of malicious behavior, security risks, or sabotage within the provided code. It functions as intended without executing or transmitting data externally. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}