{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to convert nested JSON-like structures into flat key-value pairs and vice versa, preserving data types and handling nested lists and dictionaries.",
  "sources": "The data is read from the input dictionary in the 'flatten' function and from the 'data' parameter in the 'unflatten' function.",
  "sinks": "Potential data manipulation occurs when data is converted and reconstructed, but there are no explicit data sinks such as network I/O, file writing, or command execution.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input dictionaries into the '_object_to_rows' recursive function during flattening, and from the 'data' argument during unflattening, with type suffix processing and reconstruction of nested structures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials; no use of unsafe functions. The code's purpose is data serialization/deserialization, not executing external commands or network operations. Regular expressions used are straightforward. No obfuscated code or misleading variable names are present. The type handling appears standard. The code does not directly execute or evaluate untrusted input; it strictly processes data structures.",
  "analysis": "The functions are designed solely for data transformation, with no code injection or execution of external code. The regex patterns are used to match specific suffixes for data typing, which are safe. The reconstruction process correctly handles nested lists and dictionaries. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as sending data over the network, writing to system files, or executing code based on input. The code does not include any mechanisms for backdoors or stealth behaviors. It performs standard serialization/deserialization of JSON-like data with type preservation, which is common and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of JSON flattening and unflattening with type preservation. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. There are no indications of malware, data exfiltration, or unsafe operations. It is safe and serves a data transformation purpose.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}