{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client interface to interact with passenger application APIs for creating, listing, reading, updating, deleting, and restarting passenger apps within a larger system.",
  "sources": "Reads include request data, path parameters (id_), and query parameters (skip, limit, filter_, sort, callback_url). The code also calls external API endpoints and parses JSON responses.",
  "sinks": "Uses API calls with data payloads and path parameters; the responses are parsed into model objects. No direct use of untrusted data in dangerous operations like code execution or system modification.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., request objects, path parameters) is sent via API requests. Responses are parsed from JSON into models. No untrusted data flows into dangerous sinks such as system commands or unsafe evals.",
  "anomalies": "No signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The code appears straightforward, acting as a client wrapper around API endpoints. No unusual or obfuscated code present. No network connections to suspicious domains or system modifications observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a resource class with methods for CRUD and control operations on passenger apps via API calls. Each method constructs requests with parameters and handles responses, converting JSON data into models. The input data comes from method parameters, and responses are processed into structured models. There is no dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious patterns. The usage of API calls and models seems standard and secure, assuming the underlying API and models are secure. No signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or malicious data flows are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard API client implementation with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It functions as a wrapper for API interactions with no evident malicious or suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}