{
  "purpose": "Provide type annotations and paginator classes for the AWS WorkDocs client in boto3, facilitating type-checked pagination.",
  "sources": "The code sources data mainly from method parameters in 'paginate' functions and from imported type definitions. It does not read untrusted external input directly.",
  "sinks": "The code calls 'paginate' methods, which could potentially process untrusted parameters, but in context, these are method parameters rather than external input sources. No data is being sent over networks or written to files.",
  "flows": "Input parameters in 'paginate' methods flow through the functions, but they are expected to be trusted user inputs, with no evident untrusted data handling. The class structures do not manipulate or execute data beyond type annotations.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard class inheritance for paginators with type annotations. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious code patterns, or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code features are detected. The comments and documentation links are benign.",
  "analysis": "The code defines paginator classes with type annotations for boto3 WorkDocs client. It includes conditional imports for type checking and version compatibility. All methods are standard overrides with no dynamic code execution, external network calls, or data handling beyond method parameter passing. The class definitions and 'paginate' method signatures align with boto3 conventions. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system manipulation, are present. The code appears to be a standard, type-annotated SDK interface module.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate, type-annotated interface for boto3 paginator classes for AWS WorkDocs. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The code is well-structured, adhering to standard patterns, with no suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}