{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for structural fire analysis of wooden elements, including sections for different types of load and damage due to fire exposure. It models behaviors like thermal and mechanical properties of materials under fire conditions, using external data and calculations.",
  "sources": "Inputs include external CSV files ('kfi.csv'), class attributes, method parameters, and environment variables. Data is read from CSV files via _data_from_csv method, and parameters like environmental conditions are set through class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include calculated property values, LaTeX-formatted strings for documentation, and internal state modifications. No data is sent over the network, written to files, or exposed externally in an insecure way.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources such as CSV data and method parameters into calculations (via @handcalc decorated functions). Results are stored in class attributes or returned as function outputs. No external sinks like network connections or database writes are identified.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets. Usage of external libraries appears legitimate for structural calculations. No obfuscated code patterns or unnecessary dynamic execution are detected. All data processing seems standard and related to structural analysis.",
  "analysis": "The code imports several standard and specialized libraries for calculations, data handling, and formatting. It defines multiple classes for different fire scenarios on structural elements, with methods for calculating fire-induced properties like carbonation depth, fire resistance, and stress ratios. The methods include mathematical and conditional logic, but nothing that suggests malicious intent. External data is loaded for material properties, and calculations are performed with clear purposes. No network activity, file writing, or system commands are present that could be malicious. The overall structure appears to be a well-organized computational model for fire resistance analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs specialized calculations for structural fire assessment without any signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. It relies on external data files, mathematical operations, and external libraries, all aligned with its purpose. There are no indications of hidden backdoors, data exfiltration, or harmful activities. The structure and usage are consistent with a legitimate engineering tool.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}