{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and functions for calculating fire-related behaviors of wooden structural elements, including sections on fire exposure, flexion, tension, compression, and shear, based on EN 1995 standards.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include CSV files (kfi.csv), external modules (forallpeople, handcalcs, ourocode.eurocode), and class attributes such as self.caract_meca, self.b_calcul, self.h_calcul, and self.protection.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include calculations returning physical parameters, property modifications, and possible network communication or data logging via handcalc decorators. No explicit network or file operations are present within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input attributes and external CSV data to calculations, which may involve intermediate functions like interpolation_lineaire, and results are stored in class properties or returned as tuples. The flow is mainly computational with no external data transmission observed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. No unusual or misleading code constructs; the code appears structured for physical parameter calculations. No apparent obfuscation or hidden code. External module imports (e.g., forallpeople, handcalcs, ourocode) are used for calculations and display, which is typical for such applications.",
  "analysis": "The code provides detailed class definitions and methods for structural fire assessment, with extensive use of decorators for calculation display and precision. No code segments indicate malicious intent such as data theft, system damage, or unauthorized network activity. All external dependencies relate to mathematical or display functionalities. The logic strictly adheres to structural calculation standards, and no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate and purpose-specific, focusing on fire safety calculations for wooden elements. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The use of external libraries is standard for such applications, and no suspicious data or operations are found.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}