{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of classes and functions for calculating fire resistance, structural behavior, and safety checks for wooden structural elements, such as beams and columns, in accordance with European standards (EN 1995). It is intended for engineering analysis and simulation.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from CSV files (e.g., 'kfi.csv') via self._data_from_csv, accesses class attributes and external libraries, and imports modules. It also uses input parameters and object attributes such as 'caract_meca', 'b_calcul', 'h_calcul', 'sigma_m_rd', etc.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calculations that could involve untrusted data, such as dynamic evaluation within handcalc functions, but no direct data leaks, network operations, or malicious commands are present. No code writes or transmits data externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input attributes and external CSV data into calculations within class methods, especially in functions like _get_bar_beta0_and_betan, _get_wood_protect_beta0_and_betan, and in handcalc wrappers that perform inline calculations. These are standard data processing flows.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors are evident. The code performs standard calculations for structural analysis, uses external libraries legitimately, and does not contain hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Import statements are typical for such analysis modules.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured implementation of structural fire resistance calculations based on EN standards, with detailed methods for calculating carbonization depths, protection times, and safety factors. It heavily relies on class attributes, external data, and mathematical functions. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection. The use of handcalc appears to be for inline calculation display, typical for Jupyter Notebook environments, not malicious. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious dynamic code execution is detected. All computations appear to be legitimate, domain-specific, and within the scope of structural engineering software.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate implementation of fire resistance and structural analysis calculations for wooden elements, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It follows standard practices for such engineering tools, and no security threats are identifiable from the code content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}