{
  "purpose": "This source code defines classes and functions for calculating fire-related structural behaviors of wooden elements, including bending, tension, compression, and shear, based on the EN 1995 standards. It extends existing classes and integrates with a physics/engineering library for detailed calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from CSV files ('kfi.csv') via the method '_data_from_csv'. It accesses properties of the object such as 'caract_meca', 'b_calcul', 'h_calcul', and other attributes for calculations. It also uses external modules and libraries, notably 'forallpeople', 'handcalcs', and 'ourocode'.",
  "sinks": "Calculations involve returning numerical values and LaTeX strings for reporting. No code appears to execute untrusted commands or write to external systems. There are no network operations, file writes, or system commands executed.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from class properties and CSV files into calculation methods; these computations produce numerical and formatted string outputs. The code does not execute untrusted data; it only performs internal calculations and returns results.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspiciously hidden behaviors. No obfuscated code structures or dynamic code execution (such as 'exec' or 'eval') are present. The code utilizes external libraries appropriately and mainly performs physics-based calculations.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured into multiple classes for structural fire analysis of wooden elements, with methods implementing formulas from standards. It makes use of external modules, standard data access patterns, and mathematical calculations. No signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, file modification, or code injection. The calculations seem to be physics/engineering computations consistent with its domain. The use of 'handcalc' decorators suggests the code is designed for Jupyter notebook visualization but does not introduce suspicious behaviors. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate scientific/engineering application without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a specialized library for fire safety analysis of wood structures, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It relies on external data and libraries for legitimate calculations. No suspicious or harmful code patterns are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}