{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes for community detection and graph partitioning, relying on internal C API functions (_c_leiden) to perform computations. It manages data within the Python environment, reading graph attributes and parameters, with no external system interactions.",
  "sources": "Graph attributes (e.g., edges, weights, node sizes, types) and input parameters for class constructors and methods.",
  "sinks": "Internal C API functions (_c_leiden) that process data; no external system calls, network communications, or file I/O observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from graph attributes and method parameters into internal C functions, then results are used to update class state or return values. No external data flows or system interactions are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or backdoors detected. Heavy reliance on internal C functions is typical for performance but warrants external review of the C code itself.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of classes implementing community detection algorithms, wrapping internal C API functions (_c_leiden). It reads data from graph attributes and parameters, processes it internally, and provides methods for partition management and quality evaluation. No external system interactions, network communications, or malicious behaviors are present. The reliance on external C functions is standard in high-performance graph libraries. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns are identified. The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured implementation of graph community detection within the igraph ecosystem.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, legitimate implementation of community detection algorithms, with no malicious or sabotage activity detected. It relies on internal C API functions typical for performance optimization. Static analysis indicates no security risks or obfuscation. The overall malware score is 0, security risk is very low (~0.1), and obfuscation score is 0.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}