{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility to run various types of applications or scripts based on provided parameters and runtime configurations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from parameters such as 'path', 'source', 'type', and 'params'. It also reads the filesystem to check for the existence of files at 'source_path'.",
  "sinks": "The code calls runtime functions like 'run_python', 'run_image', etc., which may execute external scripts or applications. It also outputs error or status messages via print statements.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('path', 'source', 'type', 'params') determine 'source_path' and select runtime functions to execute. If 'source_path' is a file, the corresponding runtime function is invoked with these parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The 'params' argument is an optional string that may be a JSON; however, it is passed directly to runtime functions without validation or sanitization. There are no obvious malicious behaviors, but passing untrusted 'params' could pose risks if runtime functions do not handle input securely.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily manages runtime invocation based on user-provided parameters. It includes file existence checking and exception handling. There are no evident hardcoded credentials, malicious payloads, or backdoors. The only potential concern is the passing of unvalidated 'params' directly into runtime functions, which could be exploited if those functions are insecure. The code itself does not contain any malicious behavior or obfuscation. Overall, the code appears to be a safe orchestration script with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a runtime orchestrator for various application types. No malicious code or suspicious behavior is evident. Risks are minimal but depend on the security of the runtime functions invoked with 'params'. Overall, the code is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}