{
  "purpose": "The code provides a utility to run various types of applications or scripts based on runtime configuration, mainly for different media, data, or visualization types.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'path' directory and the 'source' filename specified, as well as the 'params' string which may contain additional parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code executes runtime functions from imported modules; no direct sinks for untrusted data are evident here. However, runtime functions could potentially process untrusted data if 'params' or source files are malicious.",
  "flows": "Input data from the filesystem (path/source) flows into runtime execution functions; 'params' flows into runtime functions as additional parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are evident. The 'params' argument is a string intended for JSON, but no validation or sanitization occurs. The code executes different runtime functions dynamically, which could be risky if these functions are malicious or compromised.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a mapping of runtime types to functions, then provides a 'run' function to execute a specified runtime with a given source file. It verifies if the source file exists before executing. The dynamic invocation of runtime functions based on the 'type' parameter could pose a risk if malicious or untrusted runtime functions are used, but this depends on the content of the imported modules. There is no direct malicious code or obfuscation present. The code appears to be a straightforward application launcher without evident malicious behavior. It does not process or evaluate 'params' as JSON, potentially leaving room for injection if the runtime functions interpret these parameters unsafely.",
  "conclusion": "The code acts as a launcher for various application runtimes with no immediate signs of malicious intent or malicious code. The main concern is the potential for runtime functions to process untrusted data unsafely, but the script itself is benign. No malware or malicious behavior is detected. The use of dynamic runtime invocation warrants caution but does not, in itself, indicate malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}