{
  "purpose": "A CSV helper class for reading, writing, editing, and managing CSV files, including creating, opening, inserting, deleting, and saving data.",
  "sources": "File system access when opening, creating, or saving files; data input via method parameters for rows, columns, and cells.",
  "sinks": "File write operations in the save() method; file creation and deletion; console print statements.",
  "flows": "File operations are initiated through create(), open(), and save(). Data flows from input parameters into internal data structures and then to file output. File reading populates internal data structures, and data modifications update these structures before saving.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. No network activity, cryptomining, or data exfiltration observed. The code relies on standard library functions for file and CSV handling without malicious modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward CSV file management utility, with functions for creating, opening, editing, and saving CSV files. It uses standard Python libraries (csv, os) and performs typical file I/O operations. No suspicious behaviors such as network communication, data theft, or backdoors are present. The class includes comprehensive data manipulation methods, all relying on standard file operations and data processing routines. There are no hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or malicious logic. The only minor concern is that it deletes existing files without warning, but this is typical for file overwrite operations and not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard CSV utility class with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It functions as expected for file management purposes without introducing security vulnerabilities. The overall security risk is very low, and the likelihood of malicious intent is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}