{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to interact with Facebook and Meta AI services, perform login, extract cookies, generate IDs, send messages, and fetch data from APIs.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from user credentials (email, password), text responses from web pages, and API responses. It also retrieves cookies and tokens from Meta AI and Facebook pages.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include sending POST requests with sensitive data, including login credentials and session tokens; handling cookies that could be used for session hijacking; and executing requests that could be used for unauthorized data access or account impersonation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources like user credentials and web responses into session objects, cookie extraction, and token acquisition; then through API calls for login, token retrieval, and data fetching; responses are processed and potentially sensitive data (tokens, cookies, IDs) are stored and used for subsequent requests.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present; functions for cookie extraction and ID generation appear standard. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected. The code performs automated login and data fetching, which could be misused if deployed maliciously but are not inherently malicious. The use of sleep in get_access_token might be a slight concern but is normal for rate limiting. No backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code automates Facebook login and Meta AI API interactions, handling tokens, cookies, and session data. It uses requests to perform HTTP requests, extracts cookies and tokens, and performs data fetching operations. All actions are typical for automation tools interacting with web services. No signs of malicious activities like data theft, system damage, or covert communication channels are detected. The functions for cookie handling and ID generation are standard and do not contain suspicious patterns. The code's main concern relates to its ability to perform automated login and data extraction, which could be misused but are not malicious per se. The overall behavior aligns with legitimate automation or scraping activities, assuming user consent and proper use.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code performs automated login and data fetching from Facebook and Meta AI services. It handles session cookies, tokens, and API interactions in a typical manner. No malicious behaviors, sabotage, or security risks are evident. The code could be misused for unauthorized access or scraping if deployed maliciously, but there are no clear signs of malware or malicious intent in its current form.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}