{
  "purpose": "The code appears to facilitate automated login, interaction, and data extraction from Facebook and Meta AI platforms, including token retrieval, message sending, and media extraction, potentially for automated or bot interactions.",
  "sources": "Reads user credentials (email, password), cookies, response texts from HTTP requests, and URL parameters; gathers cookies and tokens from Facebook and Meta AI pages; extracts response data and media URLs.",
  "sinks": "Potentially exposes or uses cookies, tokens, and session data; sends POST requests with sensitive headers and data; extracts and formats responses that may include private message content, media URLs, and user identifiers.",
  "flows": "User credentials or cookies → login functions retrieve and store session tokens and cookies → API requests send messages, retrieve responses, or fetch sources → extracted tokens and media URLs are stored or used in subsequent requests.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs multiple complex login flows with Facebook and Meta AI, including scraping tokens and cookies, which may be used to impersonate sessions. The function get_fb_session and get_cookies handle sensitive login details and cookie extraction in an automated manner. The use of sleep and retries indicates attempts to avoid detection. No explicit hardcoded credentials, but extensive handling of cookies and tokens that can be exploited if misused.",
  "analysis": "The code performs detailed automated login procedures to Facebook and Meta AI, including scraping cookies and tokens, potentially to gain persistent access or automate interactions. It manages session cookies, retrieves tokens, and formats responses, including media and source data. Although designed for legitimate API interaction, the extensive token handling, cookie extraction, and automated login flow pose risks if misused. No evident malicious code such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or unauthorized system access. The functions are complex but mainly involve standard API requests and data parsing. No obfuscated code or malware indicators are present beyond the sensitive handling of authentication tokens. Overall, the code's behavior aligns with automation rather than malicious sabotage, but its capability to scrape and reuse session tokens could be exploited maliciously.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for automated interaction with Facebook and Meta AI, involving session management, token extraction, and message exchange. While no explicit malicious intent is evident, its capacity to scrape session data, cookies, and tokens could be exploited if misused. No malware or malicious sabotage was detected, but the automation and credential handling practices pose security and privacy risks if used improperly.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 4
}