{
  "purpose": "This code facilitates interactions with Meta AI and Facebook for login, session management, and message exchanges, including tools for automated prompts and data extraction.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from user credentials (fb_email, fb_password), web responses from Facebook and Meta AI pages, cookies, and JSON responses from API calls.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous operations include sending login credentials, cookies, and tokens over network requests, and executing potentially untrusted responses from Meta AI, especially when parsing JSON or extracting data from responses.",
  "flows": "Sources such as user credentials and web responses flow into session and cookie management functions, which then provide data for API requests to Meta AI and Facebook. API responses are parsed, and responses from Meta AI are used to generate messages or fetch sources. Data may flow from response parsing to potential data leaks if responses include sensitive information.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes several potential anomalies: multiple definitions of get_cookies() causing redundancy; the use of `eval`-like JSON parsing without validation; extensive handling of cookies and tokens that could be misused; the use of hardcoded URLs and API IDs that could be targeted or manipulated; no explicit validation or sanitization of response data, increasing risk of malicious responses affecting downstream logic; possible command execution or data exfiltration via response handling (e.g., JSON extraction from response text).",
  "analysis": "The code's core functionality involves logging into Facebook and Meta AI services using provided credentials, managing sessions and cookies, and interacting with APIs to send and receive messages. It handles token retrieval and session cookies, which are sensitive and should be protected; however, the code transmits and stores these tokens insecurely. The login function captures cookies and may leak sensitive data if responses are intercepted. Response parsing relies on regex and JSON loads without validation, which could be exploited if responses are manipulated. The code executes network requests with user-supplied data (such as credentials) and processes JSON responses to extract messages and media, with no evident validation or sanitization. The code also manages session state and identifiers, which could be exploited for session hijacking if mishandled. Overall, while no explicit malware functions are present, the code's handling of sensitive tokens, cookies, and response data presents a risk for malicious misuse or data exfiltration if compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears designed for automated interaction with Facebook and Meta AI services, with functions that handle sensitive login data, tokens, and API responses. Although there is no clear malware or malicious intent, the insecure handling of tokens, cookies, and unvalidated responses poses security risks. The code could be exploited for session hijacking, data leakage, or unauthorized access if used maliciously. Its structure and operations suggest moderate security concern primarily related to data protection and validation rather than explicit malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.25,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 2
}