{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities to load and manage SQL queries from strings or files, supporting various database adapters and customizations.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'sql' string parameter, 'sql_path' file or directory path, and optional adapter names or functions passed to functions such as 'from_str' and 'from_path'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the instantiation of database adapter classes, the execution of loaded queries, and logging functions. However, no direct execution or network operations are performed in this code snippet.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (SQL strings, file paths, adapter names/functions) to the creation of adapter instances and query loaders, which then parse and load SQL queries into data structures. There are no external data transmissions or untrusted data usage shown in this code.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard with no suspicious patterns. It does include deprecated parameters, such as 'record_classes', but no malicious intent is evident. The dynamic selection and registration of database adapters are flexible but not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code facilitates loading SQL queries from strings or files, dynamically creating database adapters based on input strings or callables. It maintains a mapping of adapter names to classes, allowing registration and overriding. The functions parse inputs, instantiate adapters, and load queries into structured objects. There are no signs of malicious behavior like data exfiltration, backdoors, or network activity. The code is well-structured, with proper error handling for missing files and unregistered adapters. The logging statement in 'register_adapter' is benign. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate, serving its purpose in query management without suspicious side-effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for managing SQL query loading with support for multiple adapters. There are no indicators of malicious intent or malware. It handles inputs securely and performs expected operations without any covert or harmful behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}