{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for dynamic import of callables, creating tokens for users, and encoding JWT tokens in a Django REST Framework context.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters: 'path_or_callable', 'token_model', 'user', and dynamically imports modules and attributes based on string input.",
  "sinks": "The code could potentially execute imported callables, access database objects, and encode JWT tokens which may leak data if misused. The import_module and getattr functions are used for dynamic code execution.",
  "flows": "Input 'path_or_callable' flows through 'import_callable' to potentially execute arbitrary functions. 'token_model' and 'user' are used in 'default_create_token' to access the database. The 'jwt_encode' function encodes user data into a JWT token using settings that are imported dynamically.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. Use of dynamic import could be misused if untrusted input is passed as 'path_or_callable'. No obfuscated code or unusual patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The 'import_callable' function allows dynamic import of any callable given a string, which could be exploited if untrusted input is passed, leading to arbitrary code execution. 'default_create_token' interacts with database models to generate tokens; this appears standard. 'jwt_encode' dynamically imports the JWT settings and encodes user data into a token, which is typical in JWT implementations. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious code behavior. The use of dynamic import warrants attention but does not inherently imply malicious activity unless user input is untrusted. Overall, the code appears to serve standard utility purposes with potential risk if inputs are not sanitized.",
  "conclusion": "The code is generally benign and implements common utility functions for Django-based JWT handling and dynamic import. The only notable security consideration is the dynamic import of modules based on potentially untrusted input, which could lead to code execution if misused. No malicious behavior or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}