{
  "purpose": "The code is a Python class designed to generate C++ API code files based on input header files and a struct module. It automates code generation for API callbacks, functions, and related code structure.",
  "sources": "The code reads from input header files (e.g., '../include/ctp/ThostFtdcMdApi.h' and 'ThostFtdcTraderApi.h'), and dynamically imports modules (e.g., '{prefix}_struct'). It also reads callback and function definitions from the header files.",
  "sinks": "Generated code writes to multiple C++ source and header files, creating functions, callback handlers, and module definitions. There are no direct untrusted data sinks that could lead to code injection or data leaks.",
  "flows": "Input header files and struct modules feed into code parsing functions (process_line, process_callback, process_function), which produce code snippets written into output files. These output files are then compiled into C++ programs.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic importlib to load modules based on a string, which could be misused if the module name is manipulated. However, in the current context, the module name is constructed from a known prefix. The code replaces lines and processes them straightforwardly. There is no evidence of obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The script performs static code analysis, reading header files and parsing lines to identify callback and request functions. It generates corresponding C++ code files to implement API behaviors. There are no suspicious code injections, backdoors, or malicious system manipulations. The dynamic import of modules based on predictable naming is a potential surface but not inherently malicious. The code’s purpose is automated code generation, and it doesn't contain network operations, data exfiltration, or system modifications. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate code generator with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a code generation tool for C++ API wrappers, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It operates purely on input files and generates code files accordingly. The dynamic import is predictable and not suspicious. No malware or malicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}