{
  "purpose": "The code is a Python script that automates the generation of C++ API wrapper files based on input header files. It reads header files, parses callback and request function signatures, and generates corresponding header and source files. It dynamically imports modules for struct definitions based on a prefix, performs string parsing, and writes code templates.",
  "sources": "The code reads input header files for function signatures, and imports modules named based on the prefix (e.g., '{prefix}_struct') to load struct definitions.",
  "sinks": "The code writes generated C++ code files (.h and .cpp) based on parsed data; no untrusted data is executed or transmitted. No network or system commands are used.",
  "flows": "Input header files → parse function signatures → generate code files (headers and sources) based on parsed data and imported structs.",
  "anomalies": "Dynamic import of modules based on parameters could be exploited if parameters are externally manipulated, leading to loading unintended modules. Filename generation from parameters could lead to path traversal if not sanitized.",
  "analysis": "The script performs static code parsing and code generation without executing untrusted code or network activity. The dynamic import pattern, while potentially risky if parameters are manipulated, appears controlled in the current context. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious payloads are present. The code is straightforward, with clear string manipulations and file outputs. The main security consideration is ensuring input parameters controlling module names and filenames are sanitized to prevent module hijacking or path traversal. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, given the clarity of the code. The security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), mainly due to the dynamic import pattern, which could be exploited if inputs are not validated. Overall, the code is a legitimate, well-structured utility for code generation, with minimal security concerns when used in a controlled environment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, purposeful code generator for C++ API wrappers. It does not contain malware, obfuscation, or malicious intent. The primary security consideration is input validation for parameters influencing module loading and filenames. With proper control and sanitization, it poses minimal risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}