{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate C++ API wrapper code based on input header files, dynamically loading modules and generating source/header files for API callbacks and functions.",
  "sources": "Reading header files ('../include/ctp/ThostFtdcMdApi.h' and '../include/ctp/ThostFtdcTraderApi.h') as input for code generation.",
  "sinks": "File writing operations for generated header and source code files. No direct untrusted data sinks are evident beyond file outputs.",
  "flows": "Input header files are processed line-by-line, extracting callback and function signatures; data is then used to generate corresponding C++ code, which is written to multiple files.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains dynamic module importation and code generation with file I/O. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are detected. The code makes use of dynamic importlib calls, which could be risky if module names are manipulated externally, but in this context, they are static strings. No suspicious network or data leakage behaviors are observed.",
  "analysis": "The script loads modules based on a predictable pattern, processes specific callback and function signatures from provided header files, and generates multiple C++ source/header files accordingly. It performs string manipulation and code generation without executing untrusted code or performing network operations. The code's purpose is to automate API wrapper creation, with no indications of malicious behavior such as system compromise, data theft, or covert communication. The use of 'importlib.import_module' is standard and not suspicious in this context, as the module name is static and controlled. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or backdoors. Overall, the script functions as a code generator tool without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate code generator for API wrapper creation, with no evident malicious behaviors, backdoors, or security risks. It reads input files, processes signatures, and outputs generated code files. The use of dynamic importlib is controlled and not suspicious in this context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}