{
  "purpose": "Asynchronous execution of predefined SQL queries loaded from an external file on a local SQLite database, primarily for reading and printing greeting data.",
  "sources": "Loading SQL queries from 'greetings.sql' file; connecting to 'greetings.db' database; executing queries via 'queries.get_all_greetings_cursor'.",
  "sinks": "Fetching data from the database; printing results to console.",
  "flows": "SQL queries loaded from external file -> executed on database connection -> results fetched -> printed to output.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or unusual patterns detected. External SQL file could be a supply chain vector if malicious, but the code treats it as static.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard asynchronous database read operations: loading queries from an external file, connecting to a local SQLite database, executing a predefined query, and printing results. No untrusted input, dynamic SQL execution, or network activity is present. The external SQL file could be a supply chain concern if malicious, but the code itself handles it straightforwardly. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are observed. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, low security risk ~0.1-0.2) are consistent with the benign nature of the code. The logic and reasoning in the reports are sound, and the scores are appropriate. The supply chain concern about the external SQL file remains valid but outside the scope of the code's behavior. Overall, the code is a safe, standard database read operation with no malicious intent or security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, performing straightforward asynchronous database reads with no malicious activity or security risks. External SQL file could be a supply chain vector if compromised, but the code itself is safe. The current scores (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1) are appropriate and should remain unchanged.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}