{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to connect to a Jira instance, retrieve issue data, and dump specified fields or all fields in various formats.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from Jira API responses, environment variables (via login), and command-line arguments.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include printing outputs, using eval-like functions (via type for dynamic object creation), and network interactions in imported modules (though not directly in this script).",
  "flows": "Data flows from Jira API responses through field processing functions, with user input influencing which fields are retrieved and how they are displayed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious hardcoded secrets are present. The code includes some print statements for debugging but no evidence of obfuscated code or malicious dynamic execution. The use of `type()` for dynamic object creation is standard, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script performs standard Jira API interactions, retrieving issue data, and outputs based on user-specified fields or all fields. No code injection, malicious network activity, or backdoors are evident. The functions mostly handle formatting and output, with no data leaks or suspicious operations. The dynamic object creation via `type()` is a common pattern for struct-like data handling. The command-line argument parsing and error handling appear normal. There are no signs of malicious code or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or suspicious external domain connections. The code does contain debugging print statements, but these are benign in the context of normal operation.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical Jira issue data dumper with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It performs expected operations such as API calls, data formatting, and output, with no suspicious network activity, obfuscated code, or backdoors. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}