{
  "purpose": "This code provides a decorator-based hooking system for extending the behavior of dynaconf settings, enabling pre- and post-processing of configuration values and method calls.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function decorators, class attributes, and method arguments such as self, args, and kwargs. It accesses internal settings and hooks registered via attributes or dictionaries.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include executing user-defined hooks/functions that may process or alter configuration data, and setting attributes or calling functions that may have side effects.",
  "flows": "Sources include decorator arguments and class attributes; hooks registered via add_hook or decorators; hooks process and modify values; final values are returned or stored in internal structures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code relies on dynamic attribute access and function wrapping, but these are standard patterns. No obfuscated code or obfuscation techniques are present. No external network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a hook system for dynaconf settings, including mechanisms to add pre- and post-hooks to methods, especially 'get'. It uses decorators, dynamic attribute access, and custom classes to wrap values. No embedded or hidden malicious code is present. Hooks are executed within controlled contexts. The only concern could be that user-defined hooks might perform malicious actions, but this depends on the hooks provided, not the system itself. The code does not contain network calls, file modifications, or other malicious behaviors. The structure is standard and transparent.",
  "conclusion": "This module implements a flexible, decorator-based hooking system for dynaconf settings with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It relies on user-defined hooks which could be malicious if provided malicious code, but the system itself is safe. No malware or suspicious anomalies detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}