{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of metrics and utility functions for evaluating counterfactual forecasting models, focusing on measuring accuracy, error, and change detection in time series data.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function arguments, especially numpy arrays representing time series data, as well as internal variables like intervention indices and statistical test results.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations and returns scalar scores; it does not write or transmit data outside of these return values. No sink appears to perform data exfiltration or effect untrusted data outside the context of evaluation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays through various metric functions, some of which perform statistical tests or mathematical operations, and ultimately produce scalar scores indicating model performance or change detection accuracy.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code relies on well-known libraries like numpy and scipy, with no dynamic code execution, obfuscated logic, or external network communication. The use of 'copy_doc' suggests docstring copying, which is benign. No anomalies indicating malicious behavior are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a set of evaluation metrics for time series forecasting, with methods for error measurement, significance testing, and change detection. It uses standard libraries such as numpy and scipy for computations and statistical tests. No code segments perform network communication, system modifications, or hidden actions. The logic is consistent with a legitimate evaluation framework. The functions are designed for statistical analysis and do not contain any suspicious or malicious operations. The code's structure and variable usage align with standard practices for model evaluation. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious payloads embedded in the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate set of metrics for evaluating counterfactual time series models, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses standard libraries and straightforward logic, with no hidden or suspicious activities detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}