{
  "purpose": "This code provides various metrics for evaluating counterfactual forecasting models and error measures for time series data.",
  "sources": "Input data are received through function arguments, mainly numpy arrays such as X, X_do, X_do_pred, and intervention_idxs.",
  "sinks": "There are no external sinks such as network connections, file writes, or data exfiltration routines present in the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays through statistical calculations, t-tests, mean computations, and error metrics, without any external data access or side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspiciously unusual code structures are present. The code mainly consists of statistical metrics, error calculations, and array manipulations. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or misleading variables are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple classes for counterfactual evaluation metrics, relying solely on numpy and scipy for statistical calculations. It includes functions for error metrics like mse, rmse, mape, and statistical tests like t-tests. The code uses standard scientific computing practices with no signs of malicious behavior. No network activity, file operations, or system commands are present. The functions operate on input arrays and produce numerical scores. All modules and functions appear to serve legitimate purposes related to model evaluation. The import of 'exogIntervention' from a relative module suggests integration into a larger project, but the code itself does not perform any malicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of statistical and error metrics for time series and counterfactual evaluation. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The code appears to be well-structured, legitimate, and focused solely on metric computation without external side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}