{
  "purpose": "The code provides a collection of metrics for evaluating counterfactual forecasting models and various error measurements for time series predictions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments, such as numpy arrays for actual and predicted values, and configuration parameters (e.g., intervention indices, p-value cutoffs). It also imports modules and functions like numpy, scipy, and custom utilities.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any apparent sinks that could lead to malicious actions, such as network calls, file operations, or system modifications. It primarily performs calculations and data manipulations within numpy and scipy.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from arguments into metric functions; the data is processed through numpy operations, statistical tests, and mathematical computations. No untrusted data is passed to external systems or sinks that could be exploited.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious or unusual code behaviors, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors. The code relies on standard scientific computing libraries and utility functions. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution is present. The code appears straightforward and well-structured.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple classes for evaluating forecast accuracy, including statistical tests and error metrics. It uses numpy and scipy for calculations, with clear separation of concerns. There are no signs of code injection, network communication, or system modification. The functions operate solely on provided data, with no handling of user inputs that could be exploited. Utility functions are standard and do not perform risky operations. Overall, the code is clean, standard, and focused on mathematical evaluation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of metric calculations for time series forecast evaluation. It does not contain any malicious or sabotage behavior. The logic is straightforward, using standard scientific libraries without suspicious operations. Therefore, it appears safe and free of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}