{
  "purpose": "Define setup configuration for the 'pojang_resorter' package, including custom post-install actions to run a script.",
  "sources": "The code reads package files, executes a script at 'pojang_resorter/utilities.py', and reads dependencies and package data.",
  "sinks": "The subprocess.run command executes the script 'utilities.py' after installation, which could potentially be malicious if the script is harmful or tampered with.",
  "flows": "During installation, the custom run method constructs the path to 'utilities.py', checks its existence, and executes it using subprocess.run with '--run' argument.",
  "anomalies": "The script executes an internal Python script ('utilities.py') post-install without verifying its integrity or contents. No code explicitly fetches remote data or uses dynamic code execution. The code assumes the existence of the script but does not validate or sandbox it.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a Python package with standard configurations, including dependencies and package data. The notable part is the custom 'PostInstallCommand' which, upon installation, runs a local script 'utilities.py'. While this is a common pattern for setup scripts to perform post-install actions, executing a script unconditionally after installation could be risky if the script is malicious or compromised. The script path is constructed based on the install directory and checked for existence. The code does not perform any network operations, fetch remote code, or include obfuscated or suspicious logic. No hardcoded credentials or secret tokens are present. The use of subprocess.run to execute a local script is standard but could be exploited if the 'utilities.py' is malicious or altered. Overall, the code itself appears to be legitimate setup code, with the primary concern being the execution of an external script post-install.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard setup tasks with an additional post-install script execution. While executing a script after installation could be risky if the script is malicious or tampered with, there is no direct malicious behavior or suspicious activity evident in this code itself. The main security consideration is the trustworthiness of 'utilities.py'.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}