{
  "purpose": "The code defines setup configuration for a Python package, including custom installation steps to execute an internal script post-installation.",
  "sources": "The code reads package data, executes a script located at 'pojang_resorter/utilities.py' during installation via subprocess, and loads dependencies and package metadata.",
  "sinks": "The subprocess.run call potentially executes the 'utilities.py' script, which could be malicious if the script contents are harmful or tampered with. No other direct sinks for untrusted input are present.",
  "flows": "During installation, the code runs the 'utilities.py' script via subprocess, which is the main source-to-sink flow. Data flow is limited to executing an internal script.",
  "anomalies": "The script dynamically executes an internal Python file ('utilities.py') during post-install, which could be malicious if the file is compromised or maliciously replaced. No validation or integrity checks are present for the script before execution.",
  "analysis": "The setup script uses setuptools for package configuration. It includes a custom install command ('PostInstallCommand') that, after standard installation, constructs a path to 'utilities.py' and executes it using subprocess. This could allow execution of arbitrary code embedded within 'utilities.py' during package installation. The script does not perform any integrity verification or sandboxing for the executed script, raising concerns if the file is malicious. Dependencies and package data are standard, with no indication of malicious dependencies. The code does not contain obfuscation or hidden behavior, but the execution of an internal script during install is potentially dangerous if the script is malicious or has been tampered with. No external network communication or credential handling is evident. Overall, the main concern is executing an internal script without validation.",
  "conclusion": "The code's design to run an internal script during installation poses a security risk if the script is malicious or compromised. This behavior can be exploited to execute malicious code during setup, which may harm the system or compromise data. The rest of the setup process appears standard and non-malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.4,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 1
}