{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to interact with the PayPal API to retrieve and display information about subscriptions, transactions, and plans, with options for detailed debugging and verbosity.",
  "sources": "User inputs via command-line arguments (e.g., --sub, --txn, --plan), environment variables for API credentials (PAYPAL_CLIENT_ID, PAYPAL_CLIENT_SECRET), and API responses from PayPal endpoints.",
  "sinks": "Sensitive data such as API tokens and transaction details could be output or logged. Environment variables are used to store credentials, but are not directly leaked in code. Output functions display retrieved data to the console; no data is sent externally in the code.",
  "flows": "Input arguments trigger data fetching; credentials are obtained from environment variables; data is retrieved from PayPal APIs and then displayed using various rendering functions. Data flows from external API responses into in-memory structures and then into console outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded API credentials are present; credentials are sourced securely from environment variables. No suspicious code behavior such as network connections to unknown domains, data exfiltration, or backdoors are observed. The code uses standard libraries and appears to have no obfuscated code or malicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code securely manages API credentials via environment variables, avoiding hardcoded secrets. It employs standard API calls with appropriate authorization headers. Data retrieval and display functions are straightforward, with no indications of malicious data manipulation. Debugging features for dumping data structures are controlled via command-line flags. There are no signs of network-based data exfiltration, code injection, or other malicious behaviors. The overall logic is consistent with a monitoring or reporting tool.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API viewer for PayPal subscription and transaction data, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It responsibly handles credentials and data, focusing on secure data retrieval and presentation. No malware or security vulnerabilities are detected within this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}