{
  "purpose": "The code is a test suite for the SPARQLWrapper Python library, designed to perform various SPARQL queries against a Wikidata endpoint and verify correct behavior and response formats.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from predefined SPARQL query strings and test parameters; reads environment variables for configuration; accesses remote SPARQL endpoint at 'https://query.wikidata.org/sparql'.",
  "sinks": "Processes and verifies responses from the endpoint; does not include code that writes untrusted data to files, network, or system commands.",
  "flows": "Source data (queries) sent via HTTP GET or POST to the remote SPARQL endpoint; responses are received and parsed within test assertions. No untrusted data flows into system-sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive use of test skips for unsupported formats, but these are standard testing practices. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated code detected. The only data input are static query strings, and responses are verified via standard parsing.",
  "analysis": "The script functions as a comprehensive test suite for the SPARQLWrapper library, covering various query types and formats, with response validation. No evidence of malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms is found. The use of skip decorators indicates known limitations in third-party services, not malicious intent. The code maintains standard practices for testing HTTP interactions and data handling. No code injection, suspicious network communication beyond the legitimate SPARQL endpoint, or covert data leaks are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign test suite focused on verifying library behavior against a public SPARQL endpoint. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indicators. No malicious signals or hidden backdoors are present. The code adheres to standard testing conventions without suspicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}