{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions for managing and monitoring vSphere tasks via pyVmomi, including waiting for task completion, filtering task updates, and logging progress.",
  "sources": "The code reads task information, including task.info, task.info.state, task.info.error, and task.info.progress; it also reads from service instance and property collector objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or untrusted data effects could occur if task info or errors are mishandled or exposed; logging functions output information, but only to console or user-supplied loggers, with no evident insecure operations.",
  "flows": "The code flows from task creation/monitoring to waiting for completion, updating progress, handling errors, and optionally raising exceptions; progress updates flow from task info to callbacks or print statements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious external calls are present. The code relies on standard pyVmomi API calls; no obfuscated or dynamic code execution is evident. Exception handling appears straightforward. No hidden backdoors or malicious network activity is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation for monitoring and managing vSphere tasks using pyVmomi, with functions for waiting on tasks, filtering updates, handling errors, and logging progress. It uses safe API calls, proper exception handling, and standard data flow. No signs of malicious intent, data exfiltration, or sabotage are present. The code does not perform any network operations beyond API calls, nor does it handle user input or external untrusted data sources. Overall, it is a typical utility module for vSphere task management, with no security risks or malware indications.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard utility for vSphere task management with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles task monitoring safely and transparently without exposing or mishandling sensitive data. No malware or obfuscation detected. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}