{
  "purpose": "Embed a timeline visualization in a Streamlit app using JSON data and external CDN resources.",
  "sources": "JSON data input parameter, external CDN URLs for CSS and JS resources.",
  "sinks": "Potential injection points via string concatenation into HTML/JavaScript, especially if inputs are untrusted.",
  "flows": "JSON data is loaded and serialized, then embedded into HTML/JS snippets that initialize the timeline widget.",
  "anomalies": "Use of undefined variables such as 'js_block', 'source_param', 'json_text'; incomplete or obfuscated code structure; reliance on string concatenation without sanitization.",
  "analysis": "The code loads JSON data, serializes it, and constructs an HTML block that includes external CSS and JS for a timeline visualization. Multiple reports correctly identify the presence of undefined variables and incomplete code, which could lead to runtime errors or potential injection vulnerabilities if inputs are malicious. No evidence of malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification is observed. The use of string concatenation for embedding data and external resources poses a security concern if inputs are untrusted, but the code itself does not perform malicious actions. The obfuscation or incompleteness of the code suggests poor quality or intentional obfuscation, but not malicious intent. The malware score is appropriately set to 0, as no malicious payloads are present. The security risk score is moderate (~0.3), reflecting potential injection points but no active exploits. The obfuscation score (~0.3-0.4) aligns with the unclear variable usage and incomplete code. Overall, the code is low risk but warrants caution regarding input validation and code completeness.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a visualization component with structural issues and potential injection risks if inputs are untrusted. There is no evidence of malware or malicious intent. The primary concerns are incomplete code and lack of sanitization, which could be exploited in a malicious context. Scores are set accordingly: malware = 0, obfuscated = 0.3-0.4, security risk = 0.3.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}