{
  "purpose": "Render an interactive timeline visualization in a Streamlit app using external JS and CSS resources.",
  "sources": "Input parameter 'OEayWrjyjJsZIVgmkAGvwFYauOXfFlMp', which is parsed as JSON data.",
  "sinks": "Injected HTML with embedded JavaScript that initializes a timeline component with provided data.",
  "flows": "Input data is loaded, converted to JSON string, and injected into a JavaScript variable for timeline rendering.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic string concatenation for embedding JavaScript and CSS URLs, but does not evaluate untrusted code or perform unsafe operations. There are references to undefined variables like 'json_text' and 'source_param', indicating possible code errors or obfuscation. The code also appears to be incomplete or poorly formatted, which may be a sign of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code accepts a JSON string or object, converts it to a JSON string, and prepares an HTML snippet that loads external timeline visualization resources. It dynamically creates a script that initializes the timeline with data. There are no suspicious network calls, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. However, the use of string interpolation for including variables into JavaScript could potentially be exploited if untrusted data is not sanitized properly, although no explicit malicious code is present. The presence of undefined variables like 'json_text' and 'source_param' suggests possible obfuscation or incomplete code, which raises suspicion but does not definitively indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a visualization tool with potential risks stemming from incomplete or obfuscated code structure, but no clear malware or malicious behavior identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily intended for rendering a timeline visualization using external resources and user data. It does not contain explicit malicious actions such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful operations. However, the poor formatting and undefined variables suggest possible obfuscation or incomplete code, warranting caution. The malware and security risk scores are low, but the code should be reviewed in context for proper sanitization.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}