{
  "purpose": "The code loads a dataset from a static URL using the mlc.Dataset class, validates input parameters, retrieves CSV records, and constructs a NetworkX graph representing interactions and instances within a specified software and graph type. It optionally filters to the largest connected component.",
  "sources": "Dataset metadata and CSV records fetched via the mlc.Dataset interface, specifically the interactions.csv and instances.csv files, with data decoded from bytes.",
  "sinks": "No external data transmission or code execution; data remains within local processing. No untrusted input influences data fetching beyond the static URL.",
  "flows": "Dataset records are retrieved and decoded, then used to add nodes and edges to the NetworkX graph based on the CSV data, with no external or dynamic code execution involved.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or backdoors detected. Byte decoding is standard; dataset URL is static and from a reputable source.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard data validation, dataset retrieval, and graph construction. It does not execute any code from untrusted sources, does not transmit data externally, and uses straightforward library calls. Byte decoding is typical for CSV data. No malicious patterns, obfuscation, or suspicious behaviors are present. The dataset URL is from Kaggle, a known platform, reducing concern about malicious data injection. Error handling is appropriate, and input validation prevents misuse.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured data loader and graph constructor with no signs of malicious activity or obfuscation. The primary security consideration is reliance on an external dataset source, which appears trustworthy. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk is minimal (~0.1), justified by the static dataset URL and standard data processing.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}