{
  "purpose": "The code provides an API client for interacting with the Square Devices API, enabling listing, creating, and retrieving device information and codes.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include method parameters such as cursor, id, device_id, body (request payload), and optional filters like location_id, product_type, status, and sort_order.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows include URL path parameters (id, device_id), query parameters, request bodies, and headers, which are incorporated into API requests. The code does not perform dangerous actions such as system modification or network data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Source parameters (e.g., id, device_id, cursor, body) are injected into HTTP request components (path, query, body). These data points are then sent over the network as part of API calls to the Square API endpoints. No untrusted data is processed or stored locally beyond request construction.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code uses standard API request patterns, no obfuscation or dynamic code execution is observed. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network connections to untrusted domains are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard API client implementation for Square's device management endpoints. It uses parameterized request builders, which mitigate injection risks, and all external inputs are confined to request parameters and payloads. No malicious or suspicious code patterns are present. The code does not contain obfuscation, backdoors, or hidden functionality. It appears to follow best practices for API interaction. There is no evidence of malware, credential theft, or malicious data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate API client for Square's device management API with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It constructs and sends API requests securely, with proper parameter handling. No malware or security vulnerabilities are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}