{
  "purpose": "Type definitions for bedrock-agent service API data structures used for validating, creating, updating, and managing agents, flows, data sources, and related configurations.",
  "sources": "Imports from __future__, sys, datetime, typing, botocore.response, and local literals module. Definitions and annotations within class and variable declarations.",
  "sinks": "Potential data handling points include use of Dict, List, Sequence, Union, and TypedDict for data exchange; no dynamic code execution, command execution, network connections, or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Type annotations and data structure definitions, primarily assigning type hints to data models. No runtime data flows, user input processing, or command execution flows identified.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns; no hardcoded secrets, credentials, backdoors, or malicious control flow detected. No code injection mechanisms, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code present. Usage of type hints and class definitions is standard for API schemas.",
  "analysis": "The code is solely comprised of static type annotations and data structure definitions for API data exchange. It imports standard and third-party typing modules conditionally based on Python version. No runtime logic, network operations, file handling, or command execution code exists. The import of 'sys' and 'botocore.response' might suggest possible runtime use in a broader context, but within this file, only static data models are defined. No signs of malicious payload, backdoors, or sabotage evident. No obfuscated code or malicious patterns identified.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is purely schema definition for type annotations and data models, with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It functions as a static type schema module for a larger system, with no active code that could harm or compromise a system.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}