{
  "purpose": "This code provides type annotations and data structure definitions for the bedrock-agent service, including various request and response types, configuration schemas, and data models used in a Python SDK or API client.",
  "sources": "Type annotations and data models are primarily read from the code itself, including imported modules, type annotations, and class definitions. There are no external input sources or untrusted data streams explicitly read within the code.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks such as network connections, file writes, or environment variable accesses. The code mainly defines data schemas and type hints without executing side effects or untrusted data handling.",
  "flows": "The code does not contain runtime logic, control flow, or data flow paths. It solely defines data types and structures used elsewhere in the application.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, unusual code patterns, or suspicious code constructs. All the code appears to be standard type definitions and data models. The presence of complex, extensive type annotations and the use of standard libraries is typical for SDKs.",
  "analysis": "The code consists entirely of type annotations, class definitions for data models using TypedDict, Union types, and conditional imports based on Python version. No dynamic code, data processing, or logic is present. The code is well-structured, consistent, and aligned with typical SDK schema definitions. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or potential security threats within the data model definitions.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a purely declarative set of type definitions and data schemas for the bedrock-agent SDK. It does not contain any malicious logic, code injection points, network activity, or data leaks. The code appears safe and standard for its intended purpose of providing type annotations and data models.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}