{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be designed to clear all keys from a Redis connection and then perform some operation via the bootstrap library, possibly related to cache or session management.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the function argument 'kyaBEPDqBBWLbyjjveUbMsaYEmjOPPow', specifically from its keys and the 'redis_conn' key within it.",
  "sinks": "The 'redis_conn' object, which is used to delete all keys from Redis. Also, the bootstrap functions are called with the same input data.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed to extract the Redis connection object, which is then used to delete all keys. The data is passed to bootstrap functions, which may perform further operations.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obscure variable names, dynamic method calls, and passing entire input data to external functions without validation. The code deletes all Redis keys, which can be dangerous if misused. The use of try-except re-raising exceptions with no additional handling is neutral. No hardcoded credentials or malicious patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code imports 'bootstrap' and defines a function that processes input arguments. It attempts to instantiate an object with the input data, then retrieves a Redis connection object and deletes all keys in Redis. Finally, it calls another bootstrap function. The operation of deleting all Redis keys can be risky but is not inherently malicious. There are no signs of malicious backdoors, data exfiltration, or network activity. The obscured variable names and dynamic attribute access suggest possible obfuscation but do not confirm malicious intent. Overall, the code is potentially dangerous if misused but not malicious in intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs Redis cache clearing and possibly other bootstrap-related operations. It does not exhibit clear malicious behavior or malware signatures but can be dangerous if used improperly due to its complete Redis flush. No malicious activity or backdoors are evident based on this code alone.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "report_number": 1
}