{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a utility function designed to clear specific data from a Redis database connection and perform some additional bootstrap-related operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters via **kwargs, specifically expecting a 'redis_conn' object from the kwargs.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with the Redis connection object, calling 'keys()' and 'delete()' methods, which could potentially be used to delete data from a Redis instance.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are received through kwargs, then the 'redis_conn' object is accessed to retrieve keys and delete them, followed by a call to another bootstrap function.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses obfuscated variable names and calls functions from the 'bootstrap' module with dynamically passed arguments. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The purpose of the second bootstrap call is unclear and could be suspicious depending on what 'SDZDBBJcibujXWPPUTJUZxMTNCJTMAPN' does.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by importing a module called 'bootstrap'. It defines a function 'clear' that takes flexible keyword arguments. It attempts to instantiate an object from 'bootstrap.CdeNdUHRsTDjCRTbnlAnDXTIzEeQXcMG' with the kwargs, catching exceptions and re-raising them. On success, it retrieves 'redis_conn' from the kwargs and performs a delete operation on all keys retrieved via 'keys()'. It then calls another bootstrap function, passing all kwargs to 'bootstrap.SDZDBBJcibujXWPPUTJUZxMTNCJTMAPN'. The code obfuscates intent with variable names and dynamically calls functions from the bootstrap module, which could hide malicious behavior. However, there is no direct evidence of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, code injection, or system compromise within this snippet alone.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a utility for clearing Redis data and invoking bootstrap operations, with obfuscated naming that could be used to hide malicious intent. Without further context on what the bootstrap functions do, it's difficult to definitively label it malicious. It warrants review of the bootstrap module functions and the context in which this code runs.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 2
}