{
  "purpose": "The code implements an asyncio-based retry decorator that allows functions to be retried upon exceptions with configurable attempts, delays, timeouts, fallbacks, and callbacks. It supports both coroutine and non-coroutine functions, providing exception handling and logging for robust retry logic.",
  "sources": "The code reads input or data from the function arguments passed to the decorated function, as well as from the exception objects caught during retries. It also accesses the event loop and configuration variables such as 'propagate' and 'forever'.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow into fallback functions or callback functions supplied by the user, which may lead to malicious behavior if those functions are malicious. However, within this code, no direct sinks like network operations or file writes are present.",
  "flows": "Sources include function arguments and exception objects; flows occur when exceptions are caught and fallback or callback functions are invoked, or when retries are attempted after delays. The flow proceeds through exception handling, callback invocation, and retry attempts until success or exhaustion.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains placeholders ('...') for variables 'propagate' and 'forever', indicating incomplete code or external configuration. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious patterns are present. The fallback defaults to 'propagate', which is undefined, potentially causing runtime errors if not properly set.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured asyncio retry decorator supporting retries, delays, timeouts, fallbacks, and callbacks. It handles both coroutine and non-coroutine functions, with exception handling and logging. The placeholders '...' for 'propagate' and 'forever' suggest incomplete or template code, which could lead to runtime errors if not configured properly. No malicious code, data exfiltration, or obfuscation is detected. The use of user-supplied fallback and callback functions is standard but could be exploited if malicious functions are provided externally. Overall, the code appears to be a standard utility with no malicious intent, but incomplete configuration variables pose operational risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical asyncio retry utility with placeholders indicating incomplete configuration. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or obfuscation. The main concern is proper setup of configuration variables to prevent runtime errors. The security risk is minimal, and the code is safe when properly configured.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}