{
  "purpose": "Implementation of an HTTP/2 stream with frame handling, state management, and header processing.",
  "sources": "Imports from internal modules, handling of header headers, frames, and error codes, as well as various frame and header processing functions within class methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include header encoding/decoding, frame construction, error raising on invalid input, and state transitions which could be exploited if malicious data is processed improperly.",
  "flows": "Input data such as headers, data frames, window updates, and push promises flow from external sources into the methods like receive_headers, receive_data, receive_window_update, etc. These are processed through state machine transitions that may invoke functions like _build_headers_frames or _process_received_headers, which encode/decode headers and generate frames or events. Malicious input could lead to improper header encoding, state corruption, or error conditions.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive validation and state management with no evident suspicious logic. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code uses assertions and explicit error handling for protocol violations, which is standard. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution is detected. No hidden network connections or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a structured state machine aligned with RFC 7540, ensuring valid transitions and handling of HTTP/2 frames. Header processing involves normalization, validation, and encoding, with support for optional header splitting for compression. Methods for stream control include sending/receiving frames, flow control management, and error handling. There are no signs of malicious code, such as network leaks, hidden commands, or unauthorized access. The usage of imports and class design suggests compliance with HTTP/2 protocol standards. The only potential concern is the use of _decode_headers which performs decoding without explicit sanitization, but this is typical header decoding behavior. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, protocol-compliant implementation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of an HTTP/2 stream handling logic, including state management, frame processing, and header validation. It does not contain any malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. It appears safe and appropriate for production use, assuming the external modules are trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}