{
  "purpose": "Implementation of an HTTP/2 stream with state management, frame processing, and flow control handling.",
  "sources": "Imports from local modules (.errors, .events, .exceptions, .hpack, .hyperframe.frame, .utilities, .windows) and class instantiations within the code.",
  "sinks": "Methods that process incoming headers, data, and frames; functions that modify stream state or send frames, and header encoding/decoding.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources such as headers, data frames, and control frames to various state transitions and event emissions; outgoing frames are built in response to method calls like send_headers, push_stream_in_band, send_data, etc.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network activity; no obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution. Use of __future__ import is standard; optional import of ._hazmat. No malicious code or privacy violations detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an HTTP/2 stream state machine and stream class, managing stream states and transitions as per RFC 7540. It includes header processing, flow control, and frame construction functions, with appropriate checks and error handling. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or covert channels. All methods appear to handle expected protocol functions, with safe management of headers, frames, and stream states. No hardcoded secrets or external network calls are present. The optional import of a potentially sensitive module (.hazmat) is controlled and only used if available, with no malicious intent. Overall, the code is a standard, protocol-compliant implementation with no malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical implementation of an HTTP/2 stream with robust state management and frame handling. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activities. The code appears secure and aligns with standard protocol specifications. The malware score is very low due to lack of malicious intent or hidden functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}