{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Python package for the tableauhyperapi library, which provides classes and functions for interacting with Tableau Hyper databases, including creating, connecting, querying, and manipulating data.",
  "sources": "The code imports various modules and classes from the same package, including catalog, connection, databasename, date, endpoint, hyperexception, hyperprocess, hyperserviceversion, inserter, interval, name, result, resultschema, schemaname, sql, sqltype, tabledefinition, tablename, timestamp, warning, and version modules. The only data input appears to be in the form of the package's usage and external interaction at runtime, not within this code directly.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks such as network calls, file writes, or data leaks within this code. It primarily defines imports, constants, and package exports. External data flows occur when users utilize the package's functions, but there are no untrusted data flows within this static code.",
  "flows": "The package imports classes and functions that may handle untrusted data when used, but within this code, no direct data flows are established. It mainly establishes package structure, version info, and class exports.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, malicious code, or suspicious patterns are present. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscated code, or dynamic code execution. It mainly consists of imports, constants, and exports.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as an initialization and export module for the tableauhyperapi package. It imports various components needed for database operations, defines constants for nullability and persistence, and handles version information. The only potential concern is the dynamic import of the 'version' module from a relative path, which, while standard in package setup, could be manipulated if the package source is compromised. However, there is no evidence of malicious behavior such as code injection, data theft, or hidden backdoors. Overall, this is a typical package module with no malicious indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard package setup file that exports classes and functions for the tableauhyperapi library. It does not contain malicious code or suspicious behavior. Its primary purpose is to organize and expose the API, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}