{
  "purpose": "The code provides an API wrapper for the Tableau Hyper database engine, allowing creation, connection, query execution, and data manipulation within Hyper database files.",
  "sources": "Data is read from user inputs (e.g., SQL queries, file existence checks), environment variables are not used, and package modules are imported.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include execution of SQL commands and queries via connection.execute_query and connection.execute_command, which could be unsafe if inputs are untrusted. The code itself does not directly handle untrusted data but interfaces with database operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs or external files into SQL query execution functions, and data is retrieved or manipulated through these functions. The flow includes reading files for cleanup, and executing SQL commands or queries.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The package imports are standard, and the functions appear to be standard API wrappers. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is detected. The only potential concern is the import of a version module, but it is a standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of package imports, constants definitions, and version handling. The API is designed for database operations with no indication of malicious activity. It does not execute untrusted code, send data over networks, or perform any suspicious actions. The only data flow involves standard SQL operations through a provided API. There are no anomalies like hardcoded secrets or unusual constructs. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate API wrapper with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward API interface for Tableau Hyper database operations, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It is a standard, well-structured module with no suspicious activities detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}