{
  "purpose": "This code provides paginated iteration over search results for agents in the Dialogflow v2beta1 API, including both synchronous and asynchronous versions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as the initial request object, method functions, and response objects passed during class instantiation. It also reads retry configurations and metadata for API calls.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage could occur if untrusted data (e.g., request parameters, metadata) are mishandled, but there are no direct sinks like network connections, file writes, or evals. The code does not execute or transmit data maliciously.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method calls to API requests, with request objects modified to include page tokens for pagination. Responses are stored and used to iterate through results. No untrusted data flows into critical system functions or external systems in a malicious manner.",
  "anomalies": "The code is mainly standard pagination wrappers for an API client. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. No obfuscation or unusual language features are detected. Retry parameters are default, but that is typical. No data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two classes to handle pagination for API responses from Google Dialogflow. Both classes encapsulate request, response, and method details, enabling iteration over agent search results. The classes modify request page tokens for pagination, which is standard. They do not contain any suspicious or malicious logic, nor do they process or transmit sensitive data inappropriately. The code relies on external API functions and retry configurations, but does not execute or generate code dynamically. The structure and variables are consistent with typical client library patterns and show no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard implementation of pagination wrappers for API responses, with no malicious or maliciously intended behavior detected. It is safe and does not pose security risks based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}