{
  "purpose": "The code defines a setup configuration script for building, testing, and installing the PyObjC framework wrappers, including custom build commands and environment setup.",
  "sources": "os.environ (environment variables), subprocess (system commands), file operations (reading/writing files), sys.argv (command line arguments), and external modules (pkg_resources, plistlib, unittest).",
  "sinks": "subprocess.check_output (executes system commands), open() (file reading/writing), os.system/o.Popen (system calls), sys.path modifications, and dynamic import of test modules.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence get_sdk() and _working_compiler(). subprocess calls fetch system info (sw_vers, clang, sdk info). build_extensions and setup functions use these inputs to compile code. test suite execution involves dynamic module imports and file globbing.",
  "anomalies": "Use of subprocess for system info gathering is expected; no suspicious command patterns. No hardcoded credentials or secrets found. No hidden or obfuscated code. No network connections or data exfiltration code observed. The code uses dynamic imports for tests but not maliciously. No unusual or obfuscated language features. The code relies on standard libraries and common build tools.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard setup.py for building a Python extension with custom build commands, environment setup, and testing routines. It collects system info securely via subprocess calls, configures compiler options, and manages test discovery and execution. There are no signs of malicious intent such as code injection, network communication, or data theft. All system interactions are typical for build scripts, and no suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build and test setup script for a Python project with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It primarily interacts with system environment and files for build configuration and testing. The security risk score is low, and malware likelihood is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}