{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Streamlit component for collecting user feedback through different types of UI elements such as thumbs or faces, with optional text input and callback handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables and file paths for component declaration. It also reads session state variables for feedback submission status. Input data sources include user interactions with the feedback component and optional callback functions provided by the user.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the callback function 'on_submit', which can process user feedback data. File system paths are used for loading the frontend build. No direct data leakage or untrusted data processing is evident.",
  "flows": "User interacts with the feedback UI, triggering the component to capture input, which is stored in session state. If feedback is submitted, the callback function 'on_submit' is invoked with user data. The data flow is confined within the session and callback mechanisms; no external or network data flows are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard libraries and practices. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution is detected. The use of session state and component declaration follows expected patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a configurable feedback component using Streamlit, with parameter validation to prevent invalid inputs. It manages feedback submission state via session state variables and invokes user-provided callback functions upon feedback submission. Paths for frontend components are determined based on release mode. The exception handling for development setup is standard. No code injections, network connections, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code appears focused on UI interaction and state management without security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Streamlit feedback component implementation without malicious intent. It adheres to common design patterns and does not contain malware or security vulnerabilities. The only noteworthy aspect is the usage of session state and callback functions, which are standard in Streamlit apps.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}