{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and data structures for type introspection, schema metadata management, and type standardization within a data modeling framework, likely for serialization or validation purposes.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (dataclasses, enum, typing, datetime, functools), third-party libraries (pydantic, faust), and local modules (.protocol, .types). No user input or external data is directly read.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks such as network, file I/O, or command execution are present. The code manipulates data structures internally and performs type checks, with no evident output or external data transfer.",
  "flows": "No untrusted data sources or flows from input to output are identified. Functions handle internal data and type info, with no apparent data leaks or external communications.",
  "anomalies": "There are no unusual or suspicious code patterns such as dynamic code execution, use of eval/exec, or obfuscated code. The code relies on standard Python features and libraries. Conditional imports are used for optional dependencies.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of type introspection functions, data classes for schema and field metadata, and utility functions to check for specific type characteristics (e.g., Union, Annotated). The functions use standard Python libraries and common patterns for handling typing constructs. No dynamic code execution, network operations, or data exfiltration methods are present. The optional imports for 'pydantic' and 'faust' are typical for modular frameworks and do not indicate malicious intent. The code manipulates internal data structures and type hints safely, with no evident security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a safe utility module for type handling, schema metadata, and data standardization. There are no signs of malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or external data leaks. It functions as a part of a larger data processing framework without evident security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}