{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and data structures for handling Python type annotations, model identification, and schema metadata, primarily in a data modeling or serialization context.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules, class attributes via getattr, and type hints, particularly within functions like create() methods and standardize_custom_type().",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include dynamic type annotation modifications, class attribute access via getattr, and recursive data transformations in standardize_custom_type() that could process untrusted data if misused outside this context.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs like dicts, lists, or model instances through recursive standardization in standardize_custom_type(), with type and class info used in create() methods to generate metadata objects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious backdoors. The code performs type checks, class hierarchy assessments, and data conversions in a standard manner. No obfuscated code features or malicious network activity evident. The use of getattr to access class attributes could be risky if misapplied externally, but within this context, it appears benign.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for handling Python type annotations, including checking for specific typing constructs (Union, Annotated), and functions for recognizing Pydantic and Faust models, which are standard libraries. The functions are well-structured, with caching for efficiency, and include straightforward logic for type inspection. The standardize_custom_type() function recursively processes data structures, converting enums to values and converting model instances via asdict(), which is typical in serialization code. The metadata classes (SchemaMetadata, FieldMetadata) create structured representations of schema-related info, using class attributes and default factories. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. All operations are within expected behaviors for a schema and model utility module.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility library for type inspection and schema metadata handling. No malicious behavior or sabotage features are detected. It operates on standard Python type constructs and data structures, with no signs of malware or security risks beyond typical usage of getattr and recursive data handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}