{
  "purpose": "The code defines mixin models for managing commissions and commission lines within an Odoo module, facilitating the association of agents, commissions, and related computations for objects such as invoices or sales.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'product_id', 'agent_ids', 'commission_free', 'commission_status', 'object_id', 'agent_id', 'commission_id', 'amount', and 'currency_id' fields. It also reads environmental context and references external views.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform data writes to untrusted sources or external systems. It mainly computes and manages data internally and returns UI actions for agent editing.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs or related object fields into computed fields such as 'commission_free' and 'commission_status'. The 'button_edit_agents' method creates a UI action referencing a specific view, based on the current object. No external data transmission or system commands are involved.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation. The only notable aspect is the use of 'raise NotImplementedError()' in some methods, indicating incomplete implementation but not malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two abstract models for handling commission logic, including fields, compute methods, and utility functions. The methods use standard Odoo ORM patterns, including dependencies and context usage. The code relies on existing Odoo mechanisms without any unusual or risky operations. There are no external data transmissions, system modifications, or suspicious code injections. The presence of 'NotImplementedError' suggests incomplete features rather than malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be standard, modular, and safe, with no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of commission management within an Odoo module. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided content. It primarily manages internal data structures and UI actions, with no external communications or suspicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}