{
  "purpose": "The code implements a PrettyTable class and related functions for creating, formatting, and exporting tabular data in various formats (text, HTML, LaTeX, JSON, CSV, MediaWiki). It also includes functions for constructing tables from CSV, database cursors, JSON, HTML, and MediaWiki markup.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from function parameters (e.g., rows, CSV files, database cursors, JSON strings, HTML strings, wiki markup strings). It also reads attribute options from kwargs, such as formatting options, style settings, and table attributes. Internal functions process these data sources and options to generate formatted output.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods that output or return data in various formats (e.g., get_string, get_html_string, get_json_string, get_csv_string, get_latex_string, get_mediawiki_string). These functions generate formatted strings that could be written to files, network, or used elsewhere. No direct code injection or unsafe code execution is apparent. Internal escape functions are used for HTML output, but they are safe and standard. No functions execute untrusted code or external commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from sources such as input data (rows, CSV, HTML, JSON, wiki markup) into the PrettyTable object via add_row, add_column, or factory functions. Options and formatting parameters are read from kwargs and validated. The data is processed, formatted, and then output as formatted strings. Escaping functions sanitize data for HTML output. No code demonstrates passing untrusted executable code or data directly into system commands.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code uses standard library modules, applies input validation, escapes data in HTML output, and performs safe data processing. The deprecation warnings and dynamic attribute handling are typical and do not pose malicious risks. The functions are for data formatting and table construction, with no hardcoded credentials, network connections, or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a comprehensive implementation of a tabular data formatting library. It includes functions to construct tables from external sources like CSV, database cursors, HTML, JSON, and MediaWiki markup, with options for styling and formatting. The internal functions validate input options, escape data appropriately for HTML, and generate output in multiple formats. No code executes arbitrary code or system commands based on untrusted data. The only noteworthy dynamic feature is deprecation handling via warnings, which is safe. Overall, the code strictly focuses on data processing and formatting, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a well-structured data formatting library with functions for creating and exporting tables in various formats. It employs standard validation, escaping, and data handling practices. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are detected. The code performs data processing and formatting only, without executing untrusted code, connecting to external systems, or handling sensitive credentials.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 4
}