{
  "purpose": "This code defines a PrettyTable library for creating and rendering various formatted tables in text, HTML, LaTeX, JSON, CSV, and MediaWiki formats, with extensive styling and customization options.",
  "sources": "Data sources include user input through method parameters such as add_row, add_column, and options in get_string/get_html_string, as well as external files via from_csv and from_html functions. Environment variables or external data are not directly accessed.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are string formatting functions that produce output in various formats, including HTML, LaTeX, JSON, CSV, and MediaWiki markup. These outputs are constructed from user-provided data but are primarily escaped or formatted to prevent injection. No evidence of network, file, or system command execution.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input functions like add_row, add_column, or from external data loaders (from_csv, from_html, from_json, from_mediawiki), through formatting and escaping functions, to final string output functions such as get_string, get_html_string, get_latex_string, etc. User data is formatted and escaped but does not appear to be used in dangerous system calls or network activities.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. The code uses standard library functions for escaping and formatting, with no obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors. Deprecation warnings and enum handling are safe. The only dynamic aspect is random style setting in _set_random_style, which is benign and for stylistic purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive table rendering library with extensive options for styling and output formats. It handles user data carefully, applying escaping for HTML and XML contexts. No network access, no system calls, no file manipulation beyond reading CSV files, and no dynamic code execution are present. The use of standard escaping functions and lack of any suspicious or malicious code constructs indicates no malicious behavior. The deprecation warnings and style setting are benign. The code strictly operates within data formatting and presentation realms, with no signs of malicious supply chain or sabotage activities.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate, feature-rich table formatting library without any signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It responsibly manages user data, escaping outputs in HTML and XML formats, and has no network, file system, or code injection capabilities that could be exploited maliciously.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}