{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive implementation of a PrettyTable class and associated functions for creating, formatting, and exporting tabular data in various formats such as text, HTML, LaTeX, JSON, CSV, and MediaWiki markup.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (e.g., rows, fields, JSON strings, HTML strings, CSV files), configuration options, and external data sources via database cursors.",
  "sinks": "The code writes output data to string buffers for various formats and generates HTML, LaTeX, JSON, CSV, and MediaWiki strings. It escapes HTML special characters and control sequences in data and headers during HTML rendering. No direct network or system calls are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (rows, JSON, HTML, CSV, database cursors) through formatting and escaping functions to produce formatted string outputs in different formats. Escape functions prevent injection of malicious HTML or control characters during HTML export. Formatting functions do not execute untrusted code; they manipulate string data for presentation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are detected. The code imports 'warnings', 'copy', 'csv', 'json', 'html', 're', 'wcwidth', and 'random' modules, which are standard and benign. The '_warn_deprecation' function issues a warning using 'warnings.warn' for deprecated constants, which is a benign use of Python warnings. The presence of extensive style setting functions and deprecation handling suggests maintenance rather than malicious intent. No suspicious network calls, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a robust and standard approach to table rendering and conversion, including escaping for HTML, LaTeX, and MediaWiki output formats, with options to configure style, borders, and formatting. The functions to read data (from CSV, JSON, HTML, database cursor, mediawiki) do so via safe libraries ('csv', 'json') and internal parsing ('HTMLParser') without executing untrusted code or using unsafe eval. The '_get_size' and '_str_block_width' functions include proper width calculations with 'wcwidth'. The use of 'warnings.warn' in '_warn_deprecation' is standard for deprecation notices, not malicious. The code avoids unsafe practices like executing external code, writing to files or system, or network communication. No evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or backdoors. The code appears to be a benign, well-maintained utility for tabular data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive, well-structured library for creating and exporting tables in various formats. It uses standard modules and practices, escapes output data to prevent injection in HTML, and contains no malicious logic or suspicious activity. It is safe from supply chain malicious attacks based on its content.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}