{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility to run a series of tests on estimator objects for compatibility and correctness, primarily for development and validation purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'estimator' parameter, which is passed to the function, and from configuration parameters such as tests_to_run, fixtures_to_run, and exclusions. It also imports dependencies and test classes dynamically.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the import of test classes and the invocation of their run_tests() method, which may execute test code. The code does not directly execute untrusted code but relies on external test classes and frameworks.",
  "flows": "Input estimator -> get_test_classes_for_obj() -> for each test class: run_tests() -> collect results -> return results. Data flows from user input parameters into test execution and results collection.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are evident. The import and dependency check are standard. The code performs dependency checks and dynamically loads test classes, which is typical for test utilities. No obfuscated or misleading language is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility for testing estimator objects within a development environment, relying on external test classes from skpro.tests. It performs dependency checks for pytest, imports test classes based on the estimator, and runs their tests, collecting results. It outputs a summary message and returns detailed results. The logic is straightforward, with no hidden or malicious code. The import of dependencies, dynamic test class retrieval, and execution are standard practices in testing frameworks. No malicious behaviors such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign testing utility used for estimator validation during development. It does not contain malicious code or malware. Its purpose is to facilitate compatibility and correctness tests, with no signs of supply chain attacks or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}