{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for reading, creating, and manipulating SEG-Y seismic data files, including data conversion, resampling, and array-based file creation.",
  "sources": "Data sources include function parameters such as 'f' (segyio.SegyFile), 'data' (numpy.ndarray), filenames, and textual headers. Inputs are mainly from file handles, array inputs, and dictionaries.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include modifications to file headers, creation of new files, and reshaping or copying data arrays. No direct data leaks or unsafe outputs are apparent.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (file handles, arrays, filenames) through processing functions (e.g., conversion, reshaping, header updates) into outputs such as new files, data arrays, or metadata objects.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code or malicious network activity is evident. The code strictly performs data manipulation and file I/O.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly contains functions for reading, creating, and transforming seismic data files using the segyio library. It performs data conversion, header creation, and array-based file creation. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or system modifications are evident. The functions are standard and well-documented, with no signs of malicious intent or backdoors. The potential for security concerns is limited to standard file I/O and data processing, with no insecure handling of environment variables, no hardcoded secrets, and no evident data exfiltration. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility library for seismic data processing without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a set of utility functions for seismic data file handling, performing expected operations without malicious intent. No malicious or sabotage code was found, and the security risks are minimal. The code is well-structured, with no suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}