{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to authenticate with a Keycloak server using OAuth2 protocol and manage access tokens for API requests.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables or input parameters for server URL, username, and password during object initialization; it also reads stored token data from class attributes.",
  "sinks": "The code sends POST requests to the Keycloak server's token endpoint to obtain tokens; it accesses token information for authorization headers.",
  "flows": "Input credentials are used to request an access token from the server (source: 'fTJzVFvRqALmvlHjKZdzYyptVaGaEwqI'), the token data is stored internally, and the token is used in authorization headers for API calls.",
  "anomalies": "The code stores sensitive credentials ('password', 'client_id', 'client_secret') as class attributes, potentially hardcoded or in memory. The token management logic includes token expiration handling. Variable names are obfuscated and non-descriptive, which could hinder analysis. No suspicious network connections or data leaks are directly evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom exception class and a subclass of requests.Session for OAuth2 token management. The class securely manages token retrieval and caching with expiration checks. Credentials are stored as class variables, which is common but should be scrutinized for hardcoded secrets. The token request includes client credentials and user credentials, which is standard for OAuth2 password grant flow. No malicious payloads, data exfiltration, or suspicious network activity is detected. Obfuscated variable names are a concern but could be a coding style choice; no code injection or backdoors are evident. The code does not perform any suspicious operations beyond standard OAuth2 token handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to implement a typical OAuth2 token management client with obfuscated variable names. There are no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. Credentials are stored in code but not in an insecure manner beyond potential obfuscation. Overall, the code is consistent with legitimate token handling routines without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}