{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be designed for text clustering and grouping within data frames, using TF-IDF vectorization and cosine similarity metrics for text analysis.",
  "sources": "Data is read from pandas data frames, file paths provided to functions (JSON, CSV, Excel), and user-supplied parameters for text processing.",
  "sinks": "Output includes JSON and CSV exports, data frame modifications, and internal mapping of groupings.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file inputs into pandas data frames, then through text processing, vectorization, and similarity computation. Group labels are stored in a lookup and mapped back into the data frame, with potential export at the end.",
  "anomalies": "Variable names are obfuscated with random strings; no hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No evident dynamic code execution or obfuscated logic. The code relies heavily on external libraries without suspicious imports. No network activity or system modifications are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles data ingestion, text processing, and similarity computations for clustering/grouping tasks. Obfuscated variable names reduce code readability but do not indicate malicious intent. No code injection, backdoors, or suspicious data exfiltration routines are present. The functions involve typical data processing workflows with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The use of external libraries (sklearn, pandas) and standard file operations is normal for this context. The code does not perform any network communications or system modifications. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate data analysis utility without malicious features.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a text clustering utility with obfuscated variable names but no malicious behavior or security risks. It performs data processing, grouping, and export functions safely. There is no indication of malware, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}