{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of utility functions and decorators to register, mark, iterate, provide, process, and inject dependencies in a dependency injection framework, likely used for managing service or component registration and retrieval in a larger application.",
  "sources": "The code reads function metadata (docstrings, function references), type hints, and optional parameters such as store names or Store instances. It also reads class docstrings and method attributes for documentation augmentation.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly handle untrusted data inputs or output untrusted data. It primarily calls methods on Store objects and manipulates function metadata. There are no explicit sinks that send data over network, write to files, or execute untrusted code.",
  "flows": "The functions take parameters (store identifiers or Store objects), resolve Store instances, and then invoke methods like register, mark_provider, mark_processor, iterate, provide, process, inject, or inject_processors. These calls then access or modify the Store, but there is no indication of flow leading to data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are present. The code does not include hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or calls to suspicious external domains. The only notable activity is the dynamic modification of function docstrings for documentation purposes, which is benign. Use of type hints and overloads is standard for type safety.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple utility functions and decorators that act as wrappers around methods of the Store class, adding documentation and providing a consistent interface for dependency registration and retrieval. The functions resolve Store instances safely, avoid executing untrusted code directly, and do not process untrusted input in a harmful manner. The primary operation is calling methods on Store objects, which are assumed to be safe. No code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior is evident. The only dynamic aspect is the modification of function docstrings with store info, which is harmless.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard dependency injection utility module that enhances documentation and provides convenience functions. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, data leaks, or security vulnerabilities. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}