{
  "purpose": "Defines custom exception classes for Azure Machine Learning, including serialization, error hierarchy management, and deprecation warnings.",
  "sources": "Internal error message strings, class attributes, and error hierarchy data; no external inputs or data sources.",
  "sinks": "Serialization of error details into JSON; internal error handling without external data sinks or network activity.",
  "flows": "Error information flows from class attributes through serialization methods; no external data or untrusted input flows.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of custom exception classes used for error handling within the AzureML SDK. It employs standard Python modules and internal AzureML components for error serialization, hierarchy management, and deprecation warnings. No external inputs, network activity, or data leaks are present. The code does not perform dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or malicious payloads. The exception classes serve purely as infrastructure for error reporting. The assigned malware scores of 0 across all reports are appropriate, reflecting the absence of malicious intent. The obfuscated scores are 0, consistent with code clarity. The risk scores are mostly 0 or very low (around 0.1), which is justified given the code's purpose as error handling logic. Slight overestimation of risk in some reports (e.g., 0.1 instead of 0) is acceptable, as the code does not introduce vulnerabilities or security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured implementation of custom exception classes for AzureML SDK error handling. It contains no malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The scores assigned in the reports are accurate and justified based on the analysis. Overall, the supply chain security risk is minimal, and the code is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}