{
  "purpose": "The code provides tools for retrieving inference services and their logs from a remote API, primarily for monitoring and management purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters (arguments) such as zone, owner, service_id, start_time, end_time, size, reverse, and configuration settings like settings.user_id, settings.access_key, settings.secret_key, and settings.base_url.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs URLs with signatures for API requests and makes HTTP GET requests via requests.get(). The responses are processed and formatted for display.",
  "flows": "Input arguments are used to generate request parameters. These parameters are signed with get_signature() to produce a secure URL. The URL is fetched via requests.get(), and responses are processed and returned as TextContent.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; parameters are dynamically provided. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The default values for start_time and end_time involve formatted time strings but are generated via safe utility functions. No hidden or malicious behavior is apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code follows standard patterns for API interaction: constructing URLs, signing requests, handling responses. The use of get_signature() suggests proper signing for API security. The only potential concern could be if get_signature() or the settings contain hardcoded or malicious keys, but from this code alone, no such issues are visible. The code does not execute untrusted code, write to system files, or perform network activities outside the documented API calls. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate management tool for inference services with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for accessing and logging inference services via API with proper signing and error handling. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected. It appears safe and purpose-driven.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}