{
  "purpose": "The code appears to manipulate JSON templates and perform string formatting on field names within these templates.",
  "sources": "Reading from a JSON file via open(template_path) and json.load, and reading data from the 'fields' key within the JSON object.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs new data structures but does not directly write or transmit data, nor does it execute commands or network operations.",
  "flows": "JSON data is loaded from a file, processed to modify field names via string formatting, and returned as a new JSON structure.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses string formatting with potentially untrusted data in 'var_values' to modify field names, which could be exploited if the JSON file or inputs are malicious. No input validation or sanitization is present. The use of open() without context management could lead to resource leaks but not malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or network activity is observed.",
  "analysis": "The script loads a JSON template from a specified path and processes its 'fields' array. For each field, if the 'name' contains a placeholder '{var_name}', it generates multiple copies of the field with the placeholder replaced by each value in 'var_values'. The processed fields are then assembled into a new JSON structure. The logic is straightforward, involving file I/O, data manipulation, and string formatting. No obfuscated code, suspicious network calls, or malicious payloads are present. The only concern is the potential misuse of string formatting with untrusted input, which could cause unexpected modifications or errors but not inherently malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility for template processing, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It manipulates JSON data and generates variations of fields based on provided values. While it could be misused if inputs are maliciously crafted, there is no evidence of intentional sabotage or malware within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}