{
  "purpose": "The code constructs SQL commands for creating or attaching materialized views, directly concatenating parameters into SQL strings for execution.",
  "sources": "operation.name, operation.columns, operation.engine, operation.selectable, and various kwargs such as 'if_not_exists', 'on_cluster', 'populate'.",
  "sinks": "The final SQL command executed via operations.execute(), which runs the constructed SQL statement on the database.",
  "flows": "Parameters like 'operation.name', 'operation.selectable', and others flow from input sources into string concatenation, forming the SQL command that is then executed.",
  "anomalies": "Direct insertion of 'operation.selectable' and other parameters into SQL strings without sanitization or parameterization, creating potential injection points.",
  "analysis": "The code builds SQL statements for materialized view creation and attachment using string concatenation. While 'ddl_compiler.process' is used for column definitions, other parameters are directly inserted into the SQL string. This approach is vulnerable if inputs are untrusted, as it can lead to SQL injection. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The primary security concern is the lack of input validation, not malicious intent. The malware score is 0, and obfuscation is 0. The security risk score varies from 0.2 to 0.75 across reports, reflecting the potential severity of injection vulnerabilities. Given the direct concatenation of untrusted inputs, a higher risk score (~0.6 to 0.75) is justified. The assessments are consistent and accurate, with no false positives or unwarranted warnings.",
  "conclusion": "The code is standard for schema migration but contains a significant security vulnerability due to unsafe string concatenation of user-controlled parameters, risking SQL injection if inputs are untrusted. There is no malware or obfuscation present. The risk scores in the reports are appropriate; a higher score (~0.7) is justified considering the potential severity. To mitigate this, parameterized queries or input sanitization should be implemented.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}