{
  "purpose": "This module provides helper functions for subscribing to MQTT topics and retrieving messages, including blocking and callback-based methods.",
  "sources": "Reads data from user inputs (function parameters such as topics, auth, tls, will), MQTT connection setup, and callback invocations.",
  "sinks": "Uses MQTT client library functions for network communication; potential for untrusted data to influence network behavior or leak information via MQTT messages.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into MQTT client configuration, connection, and subscription setup; messages received via callbacks; callback functions process messages, potentially involving user-provided functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors detected. Use of exception raising for reason codes and client setup appears standard. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution. TLS configuration correctly handled with optional SSLContext. No data exfiltration, system modification, or malicious network connections observed.",
  "analysis": "The code provides legitimate MQTT client setup with configurable parameters, including authentication, TLS, and Will messages. It manages message flow via callbacks, handles connection events, and offers a simple message retrieval method. No suspicious logic or malicious intent detected. The code appears well-structured and typical for MQTT client helper functions, with proper handling of user inputs and connection parameters. The only notable aspect is the use of exception handling and user data structures, which are standard practices. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard MQTT helper library with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles MQTT communication securely and efficiently, with proper use of parameters and callbacks. No security risks or malware are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}