{
  "purpose": "The module is designed for collecting user feedback on search results and detecting embedding drift for model monitoring.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function arguments such as query IDs, result IDs, ratings, comments, user IDs, and embedding vectors. It also accesses system time via datetime.datetime.now() for timestamps.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include storage of feedback data, logging debug messages, and calculation of embedding statistics which may leak data if logs are exposed. No network transmission or external data exfiltration is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through validation and storage (add_user_feedback), and from embedding data into statistical models for drift detection. Feedback and embedding data are stored internally and used for analysis.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains helper functions that instantiate new FeedbackCollector objects each time they are called, which may be inefficient but not malicious. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The use of logging is standard, no suspicious or malicious logging behavior detected. No external network calls, no cryptographic or system manipulation code.",
  "analysis": "The module performs standard feedback collection and embedding drift detection using common libraries like numpy. It validates input ranges, timestamps data, and calculates statistical measures for embeddings. The use of object-oriented design is straightforward. Helper functions provide simplified access to core class methods but do not introduce malicious behavior. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or hidden malicious routines. The system only stores and analyzes data locally, with no external communications or credential handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard implementation of user feedback collection and drift detection without malicious intent or hidden behaviors. It does not contain malware or suspicious anomalies. It appears safe and appropriate for deployment in monitoring or feedback systems.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}