{
  "purpose": "This code provides tools for collecting user feedback and detecting embedding drift, likely for monitoring model performance and user satisfaction.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function parameters such as query_id, result_id, rating, comments, user_id, domain, embeddings, and current_embeddings. No external data sources are explicitly accessed.",
  "sinks": "No sinks exist that send data externally, execute system commands, or access network resources. The code mainly stores data internally and logs debug messages.",
  "flows": "User input flows through add_user_feedback into feedback_store; embedding data flows through register_embedding_snapshot into historical_embeddings; drift detection compares current_embeddings with historical data via detect_drift.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors observed. The code uses standard logging, data processing, and statistical calculations. Helper functions instantiate the class each time, which is inefficient but not malicious. No obfuscated code, malicious behaviors, or suspicious external interactions are present.",
  "analysis": "The module defines a class for feedback collection and embedding drift detection with methods for adding feedback, retrieving feedback statistics, registering embedding snapshots, and detecting drift. Helper functions wrap class methods for ease of use. The code uses standard Python libraries (logging, datetime, numpy) and straightforward data structures. No external network access, code injection, or hidden behaviors are evident. The only concern is that the helper functions instantiate a new FeedbackCollector each time, which could lead to inconsistent state if used improperly, but this is not malicious. Overall, the code appears to serve its intended purpose without malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for feedback collection and drift detection. It does not contain malware, suspicious behavior, or security vulnerabilities. It appears safe for use, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}