{
  "purpose": "This module provides tools for collecting user feedback and detecting embedding drift.",
  "sources": "Input data includes user feedback parameters (query_id, result_id, rating, comments, user_id), and embedding data for drift detection (domain, embeddings).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include appending feedback to internal store, logging debug messages, and storing embedding statistics in memory.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input into feedback storage or embedding statistics, and into drift detection calculations; feedback and embeddings are processed without external network communication.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code. No external network calls, file access, or malicious system modifications detected. Logging is limited to debugging. Use of numpy for statistical calculations is standard. Helper functions instantiate the class each time, which is inefficient but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a FeedbackCollector class that stores feedback in-memory and performs statistical analysis on embeddings for drift detection. The methods perform typical data validation, store data, and compute statistics. No external network access, file I/O, or suspicious code patterns are present. The functions add_user_feedback and detect_drift are simple wrappers. All code appears to serve a legitimate purpose related to feedback and drift monitoring, with no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The use of in-memory storage and local computations does not indicate malicious activity. There are no obfuscated elements or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation for feedback collection and embedding drift detection with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs its intended functions securely, without external communication or dangerous operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}