{
  "purpose": "This module provides tools for collecting user feedback and detecting embedding drift in machine learning models.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments (query_id, result_id, rating, comments, user_id, domain, embeddings) and uses system time (datetime.datetime.now()) for timestamping.",
  "sinks": "The code writes feedback data into an internal list, stores embedding statistics in a dictionary, and logs debug messages. It does not write untrusted data externally or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Input data is received via function parameters and stored internally. Timestamps are generated with system time. Embedding statistics are computed and stored for drift detection. No external data flows or untrusted data to critical sinks are apparent.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. Use of standard libraries and logging are typical. Helper functions instantiate new objects each call, which is inefficient but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles user feedback collection and embedding drift detection. It uses standard libraries such as logging, datetime, numpy, and type hints. The feedback data is stored in-memory; no external storage or network activity is present. The drift detection involves comparing statistical measures of embedding vectors, which is a common practice. No obfuscated code or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or reverse shell activities are evident. The only minor concern is the repeated instantiation of FeedbackCollector in helper functions, but this does not pose security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign implementation of feedback and drift detection functionality. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The logic is straightforward, and there are no external network connections or unsafe operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}