{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate and display ASCII graphs with various data sets, potentially for visualization or testing purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from hardcoded data structures (lists, dictionaries, tuples) and imports modules related to ASCII graph plotting and colors.",
  "sinks": "Outputs data to the console via print statements; no other sinks such as network, file, or system calls are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from hardcoded data structures into ASCII graph functions and then is printed to the console.",
  "anomalies": "The code imports obscure modules with suspiciously generated names (e.g., 'ascii_graph', 'ascii_graph.colors', 'ascii_graph.colordata'), which could indicate obfuscation. Use of Python 2 (via shebang) is outdated and may be a sign of legacy or malicious intent. No evident handling of untrusted input or external data sources. No credentials, secrets, or environment variables are evident. The code does not perform any network or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code imports modules with unusual or nonsensical names, which could be an attempt at obfuscation. It defines multiple data structures with seemingly arbitrary data, used as input for ASCII graph plotting functions. It calls functions to generate ASCII graphs and prints the results. No malicious network activity, system modifications, or data exfiltration is detected. The code is focused on data visualization, with no evidence of malicious behavior. The use of Python 2 is outdated but not inherently malicious. The code lacks any backdoors, hidden functionality, or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a benign ASCII graph plotting utility with obfuscated module names and data structures, likely for visualization or testing purposes. No malicious behavior or malware is detected. The suspicious module names and outdated Python version are noted but do not constitute malicious intent. Overall, it seems safe but possibly obfuscated for obfuscation’s sake.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}