{
  "purpose": "This script provides a command-line interface for building Python packages, supporting source and wheel distributions with options for isolated environments and dependency checks.",
  "sources": "User-provided CLI arguments, environment variables (NO_COLOR, FORCE_COLOR), external libraries (argparse, shutil, os, subprocess), and package configuration files.",
  "sinks": "File system operations (creating, extracting, deleting directories), subprocess calls (via build backend), and output printing (logs, warnings, errors).",
  "flows": "CLI arguments -> Configuration variables -> Build functions (_build, _build_in_isolated_env, _build_in_current_env) -> External processes or file manipulations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated functions, or hidden network connections. Use of subprocess is for building packages, which is standard. Warnings and errors are handled with color and formatted output, no evident malicious intent. Environment variable handling for color configuration is typical. No code explicitly sends data over the network, writes to system files, or executes untrusted code.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical build frontend for Python projects, utilizing standard libraries and external dependencies for process control, file operations, and CLI parsing. It manages environment setup, dependency checks, and build procedures with appropriate error handling and logging. No parts of the code suggest malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection. Subprocess calls are confined to build backend processes, which is normal for build tools. Usage of environment variables for coloring output is safe and conventional. The code’s structure and logic appear legitimate and aligned with common build workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Python package build frontend with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It follows typical patterns for CLI tools and build processes, with proper error handling and output formatting. No suspicious activities, backdoors, or malware indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}