{
  "purpose": "A helper module for performing Single Sign-On (SSO) operations, including handling security tokens, certificates, and SOAP requests to a Security Token Service (STS).",
  "sources": "Reading certificates from files, input parameters like username, password, public/private keys, and SOAP request payloads.",
  "sinks": "Network connections (HTTP/HTTPS), reading/writing certificates and keys, signing requests, constructing and sending SOAP messages.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (certificates, keys, credentials) flow into cryptographic operations (signing, hashing), SOAP request construction, and network transmission.",
  "anomalies": "Use of arbitrary cryptographic signing functions, embedding of certificates/keys in SOAP requests, and handling of certificate validation without additional safeguards. The code includes standard cryptographic and networking libraries with no obvious obfuscation or hidden payloads. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No suspicious URL patterns or hidden network behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The module provides cryptographic signing, certificate extraction, and SOAP message construction for SSO token requests. It uses established libraries such as OpenSSL and hashlib for cryptography, with functions like _sign, _canonicalize, and _extract_certificate performing standard operations. Network connections are made with standard HTTP/HTTPS classes, with optional certificate verification via thumbprints or provided certificates. No suspicious network domains, data leaks, or backdoors are detected. The code appears to implement protocol-compliant security token requests with standard cryptography and network handling. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The presence of signing and certificate handling is consistent with legitimate security operations. Overall, the code aligns with normal SSO token handling procedures, with no malicious behavior observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard SSO helper library for cryptographic signing, certificate handling, and SOAP message management. It does not contain any malicious or sabotage code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. It appears to be a legitimate, well-structured implementation of security token operations without obfuscation or malware. Security risk is low, and malware likelihood is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}