{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be part of a complex address parsing and normalization library, possibly used for address validation or geocoding purposes.",
  "sources": "File input from 'support/suffixes.csv', data passed into methods, environment variables indirectly through os and sys modules.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data processed within regex matching, string manipulation, and method calls. No direct data leak or insecure output is evident.",
  "flows": "Input data from CSV and method parameters flows through regex parsing and address normalization methods, ultimately constructing address components and hashes.",
  "anomalies": "Use of highly obfuscated class and method names, extensive dynamic regex-based tokenization, and convoluted flow control suggest obfuscation or intentional concealment. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. The code's complexity and naming could hide malicious behavior, but no explicit malicious actions are observed.",
  "analysis": "The script imports multiple modules (os, sys, csv, re, hashlib, unicodedata, six) and defines multiple classes with obfuscated names and properties. Key classes include address parsing and normalization (e.g., aDKpnmLfqNorELVHpiUQCxydbNTIVolj). The core functionality involves reading a CSV file ('support/suffixes.csv'), compiling regex patterns for address components, and parsing address strings into structured objects with various properties such as street name, type, direction, and hashes. The methods perform complex string manipulations, regex matching, and token management, typical for address normalization routines. While the code is highly obfuscated, there are no clear indicators of malicious actions such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system sabotage. The use of random class and method names seems to serve to obscure the logic, but nothing explicitly harmful is coded. The only notable aspect is the convoluted structure which might hide malicious behavior, but based solely on the visible logic, no malicious intent is confirmed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a complex, obfuscated address parsing and normalization library. It does not exhibit clear malicious behaviors such as network activity, data theft, or sabotage. The obfuscation and complexity are suspicious but do not definitively indicate malicious intent. Overall, the package appears to serve a legitimate address processing purpose without malicious features, though its obfuscated nature warrants cautious review.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}