{
  "purpose": "Address parsing, normalization, and validation with complex regex and hashing functions.",
  "sources": "Reads address suffixes from 'support/suffixes.csv'; processes input strings via regex tokenization and address component extraction.",
  "sinks": "Internal data processing; no network activity, file writes (beyond reading), or system modifications observed.",
  "flows": "Input strings are tokenized via regex; address components are extracted and hashed; no external data leaks or network calls detected.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation with nonsensical class/method names; complex control flow; dynamic regex generation; reliance on external CSV files; no explicit malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated but performs address parsing, normalization, and hashing. No signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system sabotage. The obfuscation appears intended to conceal logic but does not indicate malicious intent. The code reads address suffixes from an external CSV, processes address components with regex, and computes hashes for normalization. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident. The high obfuscation score (around 0.8) is justified, but malware activity is not present. The overall security risk remains low (around 0.2-0.3).",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a complex, obfuscated address parsing and normalization utility with no confirmed malicious activity. While obfuscation warrants caution, there is no evidence of malware or sabotage. The scores assigned in the reports are consistent with the observed behavior. The supply chain security incident appears to be related to the obfuscation rather than malicious payloads. Further runtime analysis and verification of external CSV files are recommended, but based on current information, the code is considered safe.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}