{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define various constants, data types, and method signatures related to a trading API for financial transactions, likely for a trading platform or system integration.",
  "sources": "The code reads static string literals, regex patterns for file names, and method parameters for API calls and callbacks.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods handling network communication, callback functions, and data processing functions that could be used maliciously to exfiltrate data or manipulate transactions.",
  "flows": "Input data from external sources (e.g., network, user input) can be processed within API methods; callback functions can handle untrusted data; malicious code could be embedded in callback implementations or in the handling of data within these methods.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The regex patterns for file names are standard for file validation. The comments are normal API documentation. The code includes explanations for API method usage and parameters, which is typical for SDK documentation.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of constant definitions, type declarations, regex patterns for filename validation, and method signatures for a trading API. No suspicious logic, obfuscated code, or indicators of malicious behavior are present. The presence of callback function definitions suggests standard event handling, not malicious activity. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The regex patterns for file name validation are typical and not suspicious. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate API interface setup, intended for use in financial trading systems. There is no evidence of malware, malicious data exfiltration, or sabotage mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a set of API definitions and constants for a trading system, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It is standard SDK documentation and setup code for financial trading applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}