{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions to compute affinity matrices for use in t-SNE dimensionality reduction, including various methods for constructing neighbor graphs and affinity matrices, as well as handling new data points.",
  "sources": "Input data arrays (e.g., data, neighbors, distances), configuration parameters (perplexity, sigma, k), and optional precomputed affinity matrices.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data flow to affinity matrix construction, neighbor querying, and data augmentation functions, which may influence the embedding process or leak data if misused.",
  "flows": "Input data -> neighbor search and affinity computation -> affinity matrices (P) -> embedding or data augmentation; optional return of neighbor indices and distances.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Use of warnings for deprecated behavior. No suspicious network or file operations present. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements various classes to compute affinity matrices for t-SNE, including standard, multiscale, uniform, and fixed sigma methods. It relies on external neighbor search utilities and scipy sparse matrices. All data inputs are handled via parameters and local variables; no external or hidden data leaks or network operations are present. Functions include checks for parameter validity, such as ensuring perplexity is positive and less than the number of samples, which prevents common misuse. The code manages neighbor search indices and supports reuse via precomputed KNN objects. The use of warnings and exceptions appear appropriate and do not indicate malicious intent. There are no signs of data exfiltration, network communications, or hidden behaviors. Overall, the code appears to serve its purpose of affinity computation securely, with no suspicious or malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a well-structured implementation of affinity matrix computations for t-SNE, utilizing common algorithms and external libraries. No evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware was found. It performs standard data handling and computations typical for this application domain. The risk of supply chain attack or sabotage is low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}