{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions for computing affinity matrices used in t-SNE and related algorithms, supporting various methods and customizations for neighbor search and affinity calculation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data arrays (e.g., in constructors and 'to_new' methods), configuration parameters, and optionally precomputed neighbor indices or affinity matrices.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations that produce affinity matrices, neighbor indices, and distances, but does not directly write or transmit data outside the local environment.",
  "flows": "Input data and parameters (sources) are used to generate neighbor indices and distances, which are then processed into affinity matrices. The affinity matrices can be recalculated or used for embedding, but there are no external data transmissions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Use of external libraries is standard for nearest neighbor searches and sparse matrix operations. No obfuscated or misleading code structures are present. The code includes warnings and error checks for parameter validity.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple classes for affinity computation with different kernels and methods, utilizing external libraries such as openTSNE and scikit-learn compatible neighbor searches. It includes proper parameter validation, warnings for potential inefficiencies, and handling of precomputed neighbor indices or affinity matrices. No code injection, system calls, network activity, or data leaks are observed. Functions operate locally on provided data. All external dependencies are well-known scientific libraries, and no unusual or hidden behavior is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of affinity matrix calculations for t-SNE algorithms. No malicious behavior or sabotage is evident. It uses standard scientific computing practices, with appropriate validation and error handling. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}