{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a collection of functions for generating various types of plots using matplotlib, including 2D, 3D, and multiple overlay plots with customization options.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function inputs, including various lists, tuples, numpy arrays, and data passed into plotting functions. It also accesses plt and np modules for data handling and plotting.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is plt.savefig(), which writes plots to specified file paths, and plt.close() to close figures. No other data outputs or network communications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input variables through various preprocessing and validation steps, then into plotting commands which generate and save visualizations. The code also reads configuration from plt.rcParams and modifies axes, labels, and scales accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures. The code uses warnings for input validation, and exception handling for missing style keys. No obfuscated code or malicious behavior is evident. Warnings are used for invalid input data, which is normal.",
  "analysis": "The code provides plotting functions with thorough validation for input data (NaNs, infinities, size checks). It uses numpy for numerical checks, matplotlib for visualization, and includes options for log scaling, axis limits, and styling. No network operations, system calls, or hidden data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code is well-structured for visualization purposes, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It leverages standard libraries and practices for plotting. Overall, the functions are designed for data visualization and include input validation, but do not contain malicious or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of plotting utilities with robust input validation and styling options. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware is detected. It appears to be legitimate visualization code without hidden harmful functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}