{
  "purpose": "The provided code appears to be a collection of plotting and data visualization functions designed for generating various types of plots (2D, 3D, multiple plots) using matplotlib, numpy, and related libraries. It is likely part of a larger scientific or analytical project focusing on data visualization.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input arguments, often numpy arrays or lists, as well as configuration from imported modules (.plot_settings, .types_). It also reads matplotlib rcParams for style configuration.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the saving of figures via plt.savefig, which writes visual outputs to specified file paths. There are no other evident sinks that process untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments (e.g., numpy arrays, lists) through data validation, plotting functions, and finally to plt.savefig for output. Style parameters and configuration influence the plotting but are sourced internally.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are evident. There are verbose warning messages, but these are standard warnings for invalid plotting conditions. The code does not perform any network operations, system modifications, or hidden actions. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features are present. No dynamic code execution or eval statements are used.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured, complex set of plotting functions that perform validation on input data, configure plots (including log scales, axis limits, legends, and labels), and save visualizations to specified paths. It utilizes style configurations and dynamically adjusts plot properties based on data. No network operations, data exfiltration, or malicious system interactions are present. The functions serve their visualization purpose transparently and do not contain hidden or malicious behaviors. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate plotting utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of plotting functions for data visualization, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It carefully validates data, manages plot styles, and saves figures. There are no indicators of malware, hidden backdoors, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}