{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for plotting and data visualization, primarily utilizing matplotlib, numpy, and type annotations for handling data inputs and plot customization.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters, mainly numpy arrays or lists, which are passed to plotting functions. There are no external or untrusted sources involved in reading data.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the use of plt.savefig() to save generated plots to specified file paths, and plt.close() to close figures. There are no evident malicious data leaks or network transmissions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters (e.g., numpy arrays, lists) into plotting commands. Data is processed for plotting ranges, scales, and labels, then visualized and saved to files. No external or untrusted data appears to influence behavior beyond local input parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes extensive plotting functions with flexible configurations, but no suspicious hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors are evident. Warning messages sometimes contain irregular or humorous wording, but they do not indicate malicious intent. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or credential theft mechanisms are present. The presence of verbose and complex plotting code appears consistent with legitimate visualization tasks.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of data visualization functions that generate plots using matplotlib, with checks for input validity (e.g., nan, inf values), range settings, scale adjustments, and plot annotations. There are multiple functions designed to create 2D and 3D plots, with options for log scales, axis limits, and styling. Warnings are issued for invalid data or inadequate data points. The code imports standard libraries and some local modules, but there are no signs of data exfiltration, network communication, or backdoors. The code appears to be well-structured for plotting purposes without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate plotting library for visualizing numerical data. No indicators of malicious activity, sabotage, or supply chain attacks are detected. It handles data input validation, visualization, and file output securely and transparently. The overall security risk is minimal, with no malicious intent evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}