{
  "purpose": "The code defines various custom Django form fields and forms for configuring checks, likely related to Django's system checks framework.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from form submissions, specifically from fields like 'include_apps', 'level', 'checks', 'attrs', and 'skipif'. Data is processed through to_python and validate methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or execution points include validation errors, form data handling, and possible usage of environment-dependent values in 'clean_level'.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed through 'to_python' methods, validated in 'validate' methods, and finally used in 'clean' methods to prepare data for further processing. No direct dangerous flow from untrusted input to sensitive operations is observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors. Usage of 'gettext_lazy' is standard for translation. The 'clean_level' method dynamically retrieves attributes from 'django.core.checks' based on form input, which is a controlled and expected pattern. The form fields and validation logic are typical for Django forms.",
  "analysis": "The code defines custom Django form fields and forms for handling lists, callables, and unions of types, as well as specific validation logic for check configurations. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious payloads, or suspicious network activity. The use of 'getattr' on 'django.core.checks' is controlled via form input; no dynamic code execution or external code loading is present. The data flows are typical for form processing, with validation and cleaning steps in place. No evidence of malicious behavior or malware behavior is found.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of Django forms for check configuration, with no indicators of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It processes user input safely and does not contain any suspicious or malicious code patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}