{
  "purpose": "This code defines Django form classes for validating and processing configuration data related to checks, levels, and filters within a larger application, likely for configuring security or system checks.",
  "sources": "User input data processed through form fields such as 'include_apps', 'level', 'checks', 'attrs', and 'skipif'. Data is read from form submissions or request data.",
  "sinks": "The data is validated and stored in form.cleaned_data; some data like 'checks' and 'attrs' are processed further but do not appear to be used in a harmful manner within this code snippet.",
  "flows": "Input data is received, validated through custom form fields (ListField, UnionField, DictField, etc.), then transformed in methods like clean(), clean_checks(), and is_valid(). Validated data is stored in self.cleaned_data for further use.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code relies on standard Django forms and validation mechanisms. No dynamic code execution or network activity is detected. The use of filters and validation is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code defines custom form fields that perform validation on list, callable, union types, and dictionary structures. These fields ensure data correctness and prevent invalid data entry. The form classes manage configuration settings, including validation of 'checks' with associated IDs and levels. The methods include cleaning and validation logic to maintain data integrity. There are no signs of obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or malicious data handling. All validation and processing appear standard and safe. No external or untrusted data flows into potentially dangerous sinks, nor are there any suspicious data manipulations or network calls.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of Django forms for configuration validation. No malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks are detected. The overall security risk score is low, and malware likelihood is negligible. The code does not exhibit obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}