{
  "purpose": "The code provides management functions for Azure Service Fabric clusters, applications, services, health reporting, chaos testing, and resource management. It interacts with external APIs, reads configuration files, and performs network requests for cluster operations.",
  "sources": "Network requests (`requests` library), file I/O (reading compose files, configs), environment variables, global configuration settings, user inputs for endpoints and credentials.",
  "sinks": "External network endpoints (cluster management, package uploads, health reports), configuration settings, environment variables, and output to stderr for progress.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and user inputs -> validation functions -> network requests to user-controlled endpoints -> configuration updates -> health reports and cluster operations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. Network requests are to expected endpoints with validated inputs. No covert data exfiltration or backdoors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of management utilities for Azure Service Fabric, including cluster connection, application and service creation, health reporting, chaos testing, and package management. It uses standard SDKs and API calls, with input validation and no signs of malicious behavior. Network requests are to user-supplied endpoints but are validated and typical for management tools. No obfuscation or secret leaks are present. The code's purpose aligns with legitimate management operations, and no malicious indicators are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Azure Service Fabric management SDK with no signs of malicious activity or sabotage. It performs standard management tasks with appropriate input validation. The risk is minimal, primarily due to network interactions inherent in management operations. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk score is approximately 0.2, reflecting typical management utility risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}