{
  "purpose": "Define a character encoding codec 'cp1141' for Python, enabling encoding and decoding between byte data and Unicode characters based on a specified table.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the 'decoding_table' string and potentially uses it in the 'codecs.charmap_build' function to generate 'encoding_table'. It does not process external input data dynamically.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write or transmit data externally; it solely defines encoding/decoding tables and interfaces without any network or file output functions.",
  "flows": "The code constructs encoding and decoding tables from static data; these tables are used internally by the codecs API for character conversion. There are no source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, such as obfuscated logic, dynamic code execution, or hidden functions, is present. The code is straightforward table definitions and API implementations.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a custom codec for character encoding, including standard codec interface classes and a character mapping table. It imports only standard modules ('codecs') and uses a static string for the decoding table, which is converted into an encoding table. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code appears to be a standard implementation of a character encoding codec, likely generated automatically from a mapping file. It does not process or handle external input data or execute dynamic code.\n\nThe initial comment suggests the codec was generated from a source file using a script ('gencodec.py'), indicating automated code generation. The module provides standard codec API functions and mappings without any suspicious modifications or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign character encoding definition for Python, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It solely creates a custom codec based on static mapping tables and API classes, which is typical for encoding modules. No malicious behavior, data leaks, or sabotage are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}