{
  "purpose": "The code is a custom build hook for Hatch that downloads and packages the Temporal CLI binary during the build process.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment information via the platform module, reads from URLs using urllib.request, and reads/writes to the filesystem for download, extraction, and cleanup.",
  "sinks": "Downloading files from the internet, writing files to disk, changing file permissions to make files executable.",
  "flows": "The platform info determines the download URL; the URL is used to download a binary archive; the archive is extracted; the binary is saved and permissions are set.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The URL construction uses static version and platform info, which is expected. The code dynamically downloads a binary based on platform info, which is standard. No obfuscated code, no hidden behavior, no hidden network connections outside of the download process.",
  "analysis": "The script is designed to download a specific version of the Temporal CLI binary appropriate to the host platform and architecture, then extract and prepare it for use during package build. It uses standard modules for network access (urllib), filesystem manipulation (shutil, os), and archive extraction (tarfile, zipfile). No suspicious code patterns, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. It does not send data other than the download request, and the download URL is constructed from static version info and platform detection. No user input or untrusted data sources influence the core functionality, minimizing risk. The code correctly handles platform differences, cleanup, and permissions, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a legitimate build-time operation to fetch and prepare a platform-specific CLI binary. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. It adheres to expected practices for such a build process and poses no significant security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}