{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to be a custom build hook for the Hatch build system, specifically to download, extract, and package the Temporal CLI binary for inclusion in a Python package during the build process.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the platform information via 'platform.system()' and 'platform.machine()', as well as URLs constructed dynamically for downloading assets based on OS and architecture.",
  "sinks": "Data sinks include writing the downloaded archive to the local filesystem, extracting files from ZIP or tar.gz archives, and modifying file permissions to make binaries executable.",
  "flows": "The platform info is used to generate a download URL, then the binary archive is downloaded from GitHub. The archive is extracted, and the binary is placed into the target directory, with executable permissions set on non-Windows systems.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code performs standard download and extraction operations. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution is present. The URL construction uses fixed release version, which is typical for such use cases.",
  "analysis": "The script constructs a URL based on platform info to download a release asset from GitHub. It then downloads, extracts, and installs the CLI binary into the build directory. The code properly handles platform differences, such as Windows vs Unix. No malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or harmful modifications are evident. The code includes standard logging, error handling, and cleanup procedures. The download URL is explicitly constructed using static versioning, which does not suggest malicious tampering. Overall, the code is a legitimate build utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward build hook that downloads and prepares a CLI binary during package building. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. The code performs its intended function securely and predictably.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}