{
  "purpose": "A build hook for the Hatch build system to download and package the Temporal CLI binary during the package build process.",
  "sources": "Reads platform information via platform.system() and platform.machine(); downloads files from a GitHub URL based on platform data; reads URL responses and writes binary files.",
  "sinks": "Writes binary files to the target directory; performs file operations such as deleting existing directories and setting executable permissions; downloads data over HTTP(S).",
  "flows": "Platform info (system, machine) -> Determines download URL and asset name -> Downloads binary archive -> Extracts binary -> Saves to target directory -> Sets permissions.",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic URL construction based on platform info, which could potentially be manipulated if platform data is spoofed (though unlikely in standard environments). Downloads external files directly from GitHub based solely on platform info without validation or signature checks. No validation of the downloaded content or checksums is performed. No hardcoded credentials or secrets present. No obfuscated code or malicious code patterns detected. The code’s purpose is legitimate for build automation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a build hook intended to download a precompiled CLI binary from GitHub based on the host platform's OS and architecture. It performs standard operations: determining platform info, constructing a download URL, downloading and extracting an archive, and setting executable permissions. No user input is read; only platform info is used. Downloaded files are saved temporarily and cleaned up after extraction. There are no signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The code does not perform any network communications beyond the download, nor does it execute untrusted code or command injection. The dynamic URL construction is based on platform data, which is normal for such download scripts. Overall, the script appears to be a legitimate part of a build process with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build hook for automating the download of a CLI binary based on the platform. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. No suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or privacy violations are present. The only potential concern is the lack of content validation for downloaded files, which is common in build scripts but could be improved with checksum verification. Overall, the code is safe and aligned with its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}