{
  "purpose": "The code appears to initialize a client session with a specified server and retrieve a list of tools, then output the tools in JSON format.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables ('NETMIND_API_TOKE') and data from the 'session.list_tools()' response.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs data to the console with 'print', which is not a security sink but may leak data if sensitive information is included in 'tools'.",
  "flows": "The environment variable 'NETMIND_API_TOKE' (potentially sensitive) flows into the session initialization. The response from 'session.list_tools()' flows to JSON dumping and printing.",
  "anomalies": "The environment variable key 'NETMIND_API_TOKE' appears to be a misspelled or incomplete version of 'NETMIND_API_TOKEN', suggesting a potential typo or misconfiguration. The API key value 'GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY' looks like a placeholder rather than a real key, which could indicate code intended for configuration or testing. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code are present. No unusual code structures or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up server connection parameters with an environment variable that seems incomplete ('NETMIND_API_TOKE'). It then uses asynchronous context managers to establish a client session and retrieve tools. The data is processed into a JSON format and printed. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection. The environment variable name suggests misconfiguration, but this alone does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard client-side script for connecting to a server, fetching data, and displaying it. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. The only concern is the misspelled environment variable name, which may lead to runtime errors or misconfiguration but does not imply malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}