{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for string case conversion, pattern context extraction, and warning handling, primarily for internal use in pattern matching and error reporting.",
  "sources": "Pattern strings, input parameters for functions like 'lower' and 'get_pattern_context', exception messages, and warning messages.",
  "sinks": "None; functions operate on passed-in data, with no external data sources or untrusted input handling.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through functions like 'lower' and 'get_pattern_context' without external influence; warnings and exceptions are standard and do not lead to data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies; code is straightforward, with standard regex usage, string processing, and warning mechanisms.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions for string manipulation, pattern context extraction, custom exception handling, and deprecation warnings. It does not process external data sources, perform network operations, or execute dynamic code. Regex is used solely for internal pattern splitting, and warnings are standard Python warnings. No suspicious or malicious constructs are present. The code is well-structured, with clear purpose and no obfuscation. Security indicators are minimal; the only slight concern is the use of warnings and regex, but these are standard and benign. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and security risk is approximately 0.1, which can be justified as a conservative default. Overall, the code is benign, with no security vulnerabilities or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility module with no malware, obfuscation, or security risks. The scores are appropriate and consistent with the code's behavior. Minor security risk score of 0.1 could be lowered to 0, but as it stands, it remains a cautious estimate. Overall, the code is safe and suitable for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}