{
  "purpose": "Defines classes and functions for creating SVG filter elements, including filter primitives and a filter factory.",
  "sources": "Imports from external 'svgwrite' library, class initializers, method parameters such as 'href', 'start', 'size', 'resolution', and 'inherit'.",
  "sinks": "Assignments to self['attribute'] (potentially user-controlled), setting of 'href' in '_feImage', and dynamic creation of filter primitives via attribute access.",
  "flows": "Input data from constructor parameters or 'href' flow into object attributes and potentially into SVG elements. 'href' set in '_feImage' could link to external resources; attribute access to create filter primitives may lead to dynamic object creation based on user input.",
  "anomalies": "Use of __getattr__ to dynamically create filter primitive objects; setting of 'href' attribute in '_feImage' with external input without validation; no explicit sanitization of 'href'. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code identified.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs SVG filter elements and primitives, with input parameters used to set element attributes. The dynamic attribute access via __getattr__ creates filter primitives based on external attribute names, which is typical in factory patterns but could be exploited if attribute names are controlled externally. The '_feImage' class allows setting an external resource via 'href', which could lead to loading external images if provided by untrusted sources. No evidence of malicious code such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The code does not perform any file operations, network requests, or system commands. Overall, the code appears to be a standard SVG filter construction library with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward SVG filter construction utility with dynamic factory capabilities. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. Potential security concern is the setting of external resource links via 'href' without validation, but this is typical in SVG generation libraries. No malware or obfuscation detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}