{
  "purpose": "The code generates various formats of reports (text, JSON, CSV, HTML) based on analysis results of files, including summaries and detailed findings.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'results' argument, which contains FileMetadata objects with attributes like file_path, hashes, creation_time, modification_time, and findings.",
  "sinks": "Output is written either to a specified file or printed to stdout, which could potentially leak data if the results contain sensitive information.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'results' argument into report generation functions; findings are processed and formatted into different output formats, then output is written to a file or printed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior observed. The code uses standard libraries and appears to generate reports based solely on provided data without executing untrusted code or performing hidden operations.",
  "analysis": "The code solely performs data formatting and report generation tasks. It reads data from structured objects, formats output in multiple formats (text, JSON, CSV, HTML), and writes or prints the results. There are no functions that execute external commands, evaluate untrusted code, or access network resources. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The use of print statements and file operations is standard for reporting tools. No obfuscated code or suspicious control flow is present. Overall, the code appears to be a benign report generation utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward report generator for file analysis results, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain malware, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious activities. Its purpose is to format and output analysis data in various formats. It is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}