{
  "purpose": "The code generates and outputs reports based on metadata analysis results, supporting multiple formats such as text, JSON, CSV, and HTML.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the 'results' parameter, which is a list of FileMetadata objects, typically provided by the analysis process. No external data sources are directly accessed within this code.",
  "sinks": "Output is written to stdout or a specified file. No untrusted data flows into system commands, network sockets, or sensitive system functions. The code does not execute external commands or handle user input directly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'results' parameter to formatting functions, then to output strings, which are either printed or written to files. There are no external network or system calls involved in these flows.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns observed. The code performs straightforward data formatting and output. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated elements. No dynamic code execution or untrusted data handling beyond standard file writing and printing.",
  "analysis": "The code is a reporting utility that formats and outputs metadata analysis results. It handles multiple output formats with no external dependencies or data fetching beyond basic file I/O. The functions operate on provided data structures and generate reports accordingly. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command injection, or hidden backdoors. The only potential concern could be writing files based on provided paths, but this is standard behavior for report generation and not inherently malicious. The code is structured clearly, with no obfuscated or suspicious constructs. Overall, the code appears to be a benign utility module for report generation.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward report generator for metadata analysis results. It does not contain malicious code or behavior, and it performs standard file and console output operations. No malicious activity, sabotage, or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}