{
  "purpose": "This code provides a healpy-compatible interface for HEALPix pixelization functions, facilitating conversions between coordinate systems, pixel indices, and related operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, including coordinate arrays, pixel indices, and angular values. It also reads internal constants and imported modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that output coordinate transformations, pixel indices, and interpolation weights. No data is written to external systems or network connections directly.",
  "flows": "Input data (coordinates, pixel indices) flow through transformation functions (_healpy_to_lonlat, _lonlat_to_healpy, etc.) and are used in calculations for pixelization, interpolation, and coordinate conversions, resulting in outputs like pixel indices, angular coordinates, or vectors.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code uses in-place operations for efficiency and employs standard mathematical and astrophysical libraries. No suspicious obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or external system interactions are detected.",
  "analysis": "The module predominantly provides wrappers around existing healpy functions and astropy coordinate transformations, with no evidence of malicious intent. It performs coordinate conversions, pixel indexing, and interpolation calculations typical for astrophysical data processing. All functions use standard numpy and astropy features with proper handling of data types and units. No suspicious external communications or data leaks are present. The code maintains good practices by avoiding in-place modifications where unsafe and properly handling array shapes. The licensing comment indicates open-source sharing, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard interface implementation for HEALPix operations with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It mainly delegates to existing libraries and provides coordinate transformation utilities. There are no indications of malware, secret backdoors, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 2
}