{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to split a text or binary file into smaller chunks based on specified record delimiters and save these chunks as separate files.",
  "sources": "File system: os.path.getsize(), open(), os.path.exists(), os.makedirs(), shutil.rmtree(), os.path.basename(). The input filename and its content are read from the filesystem.",
  "sinks": "File writes: open() with 'wb' mode in chunk_it function, writing chunk files. Logging outputs via logger.info() and logger.error(). No network or external data transfer observed.",
  "flows": "File size is obtained from the filesystem. File content is read into memory-mapped objects for boundary detection. Data chunks are read from the input file and written to output files based on identified boundaries. Logging messages are generated throughout.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external connections detected. Use of mmap for reading file content is standard. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution present. All operations are straightforward file I/O and logging. No unusual or malicious behavior evident.",
  "analysis": "The code performs file boundary detection based on record delimiters and splits files accordingly. It uses safe and standard Python libraries such as os, mmap, shutil, and logging. Boundary detection relies on in-memory mmap searches, which is safe. Chunk files are written explicitly to specified directories. Exception handling is present, and errors are logged. No malicious or suspicious activities, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation, are detected. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets or credentials and does not obfuscate or conceal its purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for chunking large files based on record delimiters. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. All operations are consistent with standard file processing tasks. Confidence in the assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}