{
  "purpose": "This script provides a setup configuration for building and testing the PyObjC framework wrappers, including custom build commands, environment setup, and test suite execution.",
  "sources": "Reads system environment variables (e.g., PATH, CFLAGS, SDK settings), subprocess outputs (e.g., sw_vers, clang version, SDK paths), file system (e.g., SDKSettings.plist, headers, source files), and package metadata.",
  "sinks": "Subprocess calls to retrieve system information, reading/writing files (notably SDK info, build info), modifying sys.path and sys.modules, dynamic import of test modules, and printing output. No direct untrusted data flows identified.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and subprocess outputs influence build configuration and SDK detection. Filesystem reads SDK info influencing build flags. Dynamic module imports for tests are based on filesystem discovery. No indication of untrusted input being executed or sent over the network.",
  "anomalies": "The code heavily interacts with system system info and filesystem, but all operations appear standard for build scripts. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. No suspicious network activity, data leakage, or malicious commands detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard build and testing setup script for a Python C extension package. It customizes build commands, detects SDK versions, manages sys.path, and dynamically loads test modules. The subprocess calls and file operations are typical for such a script, and no malicious or sabotage behavior is evident. The script appears well-structured, with no obfuscated or suspicious code segments. External command invocations (e.g., sw_vers, clang) are used solely for environment detection. No hardcoded secrets or network communications are present.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate setup utility for the PyObjC framework, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions as intended for build and test automation. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}