{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes and methods to register and use user-defined aggregate functions (UDAFs) in Snowflake via Python, including creating, describing, and registering UDAFs from code or files.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, user inputs, and external files (file_path). Data may also be obtained from user-supplied Python classes and functions used as handlers. File uploads and stage interactions involve external stage locations.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted data from user inputs or external files is used in constructing SQL commands, especially if string interpolation is not properly sanitized (e.g., in 'describe' method or SQL command construction). Uploads of files may leak sensitive information if files contain secrets or code. The code also handles secrets for external integrations, but does not directly log or transmit data.",
  "flows": "Sources include user inputs (handler, name, files, secrets) and external files; data flows into registration functions, which upload files, construct SQL commands, and register UDAFs. SQL commands like 'describe' and 'create' are constructed from input parameters. File uploads flow from local or remote paths to stage locations, then to Snowflake's environment.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or secrets are present. The code handles secrets and external integrations securely. There are no backdoors, unusual dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code. No malicious payloads or network connections are evident. The presence of file processing and external stage interactions warrants caution, but these are standard for such functionality.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly facilitates the registration and management of UDAFs, involving file uploads, SQL command generation, and invocation of user-defined functions. It handles secrets and external dependencies, but does so via parameters, not hardcoded values. File processing functions and stage interactions are typical for external code execution and data management. No evidence of code injection, malicious network activity, or data exfiltration is apparent. The methods include error handling that correctly cleans up resources if registration fails. The overall structure appears standard for such SDKs, with no suspicious or malicious behavior observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for legitimate management of UDAFs within Snowflake, with standard mechanisms for file handling, registration, and external dependencies. No malicious or sabotage behavior is evident. It follows expected patterns for secure SDK functions, with proper handling of secrets and external files. Therefore, the likelihood of malicious intent or sabotage within this code is extremely low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}