{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to build and retrieve a mapping between class names and their corresponding module paths within the TensorFlow Keras module, for internal use or debugging purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads class and module information using the inspect.getmembers() function from the keras module, and retrieves canonical class names via tf_export.get_canonical_name_for_symbol().",
  "sinks": "The code raises a KeyError if a class name is not found in the mapping, but does not perform any data output or network communication. No other untrusted data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input source: class and module data retrieved via inspect from keras and tensorflow modules; flow: mapping and retrieval logic; output: class-to-module path mapping or error if key missing.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors are observed. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious logic are present. The code relies on well-known libraries and functions without obfuscation or malicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a map from class names to module paths using introspection and tensorflow's export utilities. It uses recursion to process nested modules and builds a dictionary for lookup. The get_module_path function ensures the map is built before retrieving data and raises an exception if the class is not found. The code appears to serve an internal debugging or analysis purpose without executing any external commands or network activity. There are no signs of malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or suspicious activity. The only potential concern is the reliance on internal tensorflow functions, but they are used as intended for internal reflection.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, intended for internal class-module mapping within TensorFlow's Keras module. It does not perform any malicious actions or data leaks. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}