{
  "purpose": "Type definitions for ECS service and related resource configurations, used for typing in Python code that interacts with AWS ECS.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, class initializations, and data structure fields such as 'attributes', 'tags', 'cluster', 'taskDefinition', 'service', etc., often with 'NotRequired' types indicating optional untrusted external input. There are no explicit input sources such as network, file, or environment variable reads within this code snippet.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily defines data structures; potential sinks include places where these data structures are serialized, sent over network, or used in API calls. No direct network or system commands are executed here; the focus is on data typing. The code itself does not process untrusted data directly but models data that may originate from untrusted sources in actual runtime usage.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into data structure fields (e.g., 'attributes', 'tags', 'cluster', 'taskDefinition', etc.) which are used for API requests or responses. There are no explicit flows from input to dangerous sinks within this code, as it only provides type definitions; actual data processing occurs elsewhere.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious strings are present. No obfuscation techniques, such as dynamic code execution or misleading variable names, are evident. The code is purely declarative type definitions with no malicious logic. The inclusion of comprehensive optional fields and complex union types suggests flexible data modeling, not malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of type annotations, class definitions, and data structure declarations for AWS ECS resource management. It uses standard Python typing modules and constructs to model ECS resources and requests. There are no runtime operations, no network calls, no credential handling, and no execution of code. The use of 'NotRequired' indicates optional external data inputs, which is typical for SDKs or API models. No malicious patterns such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are present. The code appears to be a legitimate, automatically generated, or well-structured set of type definitions intended for use in a larger, safe codebase.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a comprehensive set of Python type definitions for ECS resource configurations and API request/response modeling. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious logic. It is a benign, structured, and safe code snippet that serves as part of a type-annotated SDK or code generation for AWS ECS interactions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}