{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of classes and functions for managing dashboard metadata, handling files, parsing SQL queries, and interacting with the Databricks workspace to create, export, and manage dashboards and related resources.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from file paths (Path objects), YAML and JSON files, query strings, and network responses from the Databricks SDK.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network calls to Databricks SDK for creating/updating dashboards, writing CSV files into ZIP archives, and reading file contents. Additionally, there is parsing of query content which could be influenced by untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file content and network responses into parsing, validation, and transformation functions. Input files (YAML, SQL, markdown, filters) are parsed and converted into dashboard components. User-provided SQL queries are parsed, transformed, and then executed via the SQL backend. Data read from network responses is used to generate dashboards. The flow from input to output involves parsing, validation, and network communication.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors. It uses external libraries for SQL parsing, YAML, and Databricks SDK, which are standard. The only potential concern is that SQL content and dashboard data are directly used in network calls and file writes without sanitization or restrictions, which could be misused if the input is malicious. No evidence of obfuscated code, code injection, or hidden backdoors is present. Logging is used for warnings but does not conceal any malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is predominantly a standard implementation for managing dashboard metadata, parsing files, transforming SQL queries, and interfacing with a cloud SDK. It handles file input/output, YAML/JSON parsing, and SQL processing in a straightforward manner. No suspicious network connections, data exfiltration, or hidden behaviors are evident. The use of libraries like sqlglot, yaml, and the Databricks SDK are standard and do not indicate malicious intent. The functions include validation and error handling that are typical for such applications. Overall, the code is designed for dashboard management and export, with no signs of malicious manipulation or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured application for dashboard management and file processing in a Databricks environment. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. It processes and transforms data primarily for dashboard creation and export, following standard practices. The risk of malicious activity is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}