{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions for handling dashboard metadata, query processing, and integration with Databricks Lakeview and Workspace APIs, including file parsing, validation, and export functionalities.",
  "sources": "User input sources include file reads (_content property in BaseHandler subclasses), YAML/JSON configuration files, and file paths for metadata and tiles.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include: network calls to Databricks APIs (e.g., create, update, publish dashboards), writing CSV files into ZIP archives, and file writes for exporting queries and metadata.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows primarily from file reads (YAML, JSON, query files) into parsing and validation functions, then into API calls or file writes. Data from external files flows into internal data structures, which may then be used in API requests or file exports.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. The code dynamically constructs API payloads and file paths but does not contain obvious malicious code. Usage of external libraries (sqlglot, yaml, databricks.sdk) appears standard. No signs of obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious network activity are evident. All network interactions appear to be API calls for dashboard management, not data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code performs comprehensive parsing and handling of dashboard and tile metadata, with validation to prevent duplicate IDs and invalid resource names. It constructs API payloads to create or update dashboards and handles exporting data into CSV files within ZIP archives. There are no signs of malicious behavior like data theft, reverse shells, or hidden network channels. The code relies on standard libraries and SDKs for external interactions, with no suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated sections. The usage patterns are consistent with legitimate dashboard management and export functionalities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation for dashboard metadata handling, parsing, validation, and exporting within a Databricks environment. There are no indications of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks based on the provided code. The logic appears transparent and focused on dashboard operations without malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}