{
  "purpose": "This code provides a builder for generating WebAssembly (Wasm) binary modules, with functions to define types, imports, functions, globals, and sections, and to export and write the module as a .wasm and .html file.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily generated internally via functions like encode_unsigned, encode_signed, and instruction builder methods. External inputs include parameters to functions like add_function, import_function, import_global, and user-supplied data when calling these functions, though in the provided code all inputs are hardcoded or generated internally.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include code that appends instructions via self._code, and file writes such as write_wasm and write_html. These are standard behaviors for a code generator and do not pose a security risk by themselves. No untrusted external data is processed at runtime, nor are there dynamic execution or network operations based on untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input functions (e.g., add_function, import_global) into internal data structures. Instructions are built through instruction builder methods and appended to internal code lists. These then are assembled into binary modules during encode and subsequently written to files. There are no external command execution or data leaks involved.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses straightforward, well-structured methods for generating Wasm modules. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. No obfuscated or malicious-looking code patterns are observed. The only unusual aspect is the comment indicating the builder is experimental and use is 'at your own peril,' but this is a standard disclaimer, not an actual malicious signal.",
  "analysis": "The script is a sophisticated Python-based builder for WebAssembly modules, with functions for encoding instructions, types, and sections, and for constructing modules programmatically. It does not include network activity, system modifications, or external code execution. All data processing appears to be self-contained and for the purpose of generating Wasm files. The code structure is clear, with explicit functions and classes dedicated to encoding and building modules. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote control, or sabotage are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, procedural builder for WebAssembly modules intended for programmatic module creation and export. There are no malicious behaviors, sabotage, or security risks evident in the code. It appears to be a legitimate utility for generating Wasm files with no signs of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}