{
  "purpose": "This script is an experimental builder for WebAssembly (Wasm) binaries, enabling users to generate Wasm modules programmatically with functions, globals, memory, and exports, and output them as .wasm and .html files for web use.",
  "sources": "Code imports modules (struct, enum, collections, json), defines functions and classes, and reads parameters and inputs for functions, globals, memory, etc. It also reads data for data sections and module configurations.",
  "sinks": "Bytes are assembled and written to files ('test.wasm' and 'test.html'), and JSON data structures are generated for JS imports. No external untrusted data is processed directly at runtime.",
  "flows": "Inputs like function parameters and data are encoded via functions such as encode_unsigned, encode_signed, encode_name, etc., and assembled into binary sections. The encode functions produce bytes that flow into the final wasm and html files.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation are detected. The code is straightforward, with clear purpose, and uses well-known modules. The code contains commented-out code and example functions, but no hidden or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The script is a code generator for WebAssembly modules. It defines encoding functions for integers, floats, names, and vectors, along with classes representing wasm instructions and structures. The core logic involves constructing module sections, functions, globals, memory, and exports, then writing output files. There are no signs of malicious code, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection. It does not execute external commands or include obfuscated code. The functions serve to encode data into wasm format, and the module classes facilitate the construction of wasm modules, which are then saved as files. The code appears to be an educational or experimental tool, not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a non-malicious, well-structured WebAssembly module builder for generating wasm and html files. It contains no malware signatures or malicious behavior. It is designed for safe wasm module generation and distribution, with no evidence of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}