{
  "purpose": "This code provides a framework for building and encoding WebAssembly (Wasm) modules, including defining types, functions, imports, globals, memories, tables, and instructions, and exporting them for use in web environments.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function calls to construct modules (e.g., add_function, import_function, add_memory, etc.), and from parameters and initializers supplied to various methods.",
  "sinks": "The code encodes the module data into a binary .wasm file and generates an HTML file that fetches and instantiates the module in a web environment, executing embedded JavaScript for loading and running the wasm code.",
  "flows": "Sources such as function parameters, initializers, and module configuration data flow into encoding functions that generate binary sections. The encoded data flows into output files (.wasm and .html). The HTML/JS code loads the wasm module and executes exported functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or sensitive data are present. The code uses standard encoding and module construction without obfuscation or unusual constructs. The inline HTML/JS template and module export functions are standard and do not contain suspicious code. No dynamic code execution or external network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a legitimate and straightforward framework for programmatically constructing WebAssembly modules, including encoding instructions, functions, globals, memory, and export/import sections. It employs standard encoding practices (LEB128, little-endian floats, UTF-8). The instruction builders and module classes follow expected patterns for Wasm module creation. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication outside the embedded fetch, or hidden backdoors. The test functions generate example modules, and the output files are for local execution. The presence of commented-out code and inline HTML/JS templates are typical for such codebases and do not introduce risk. Overall, the code appears designed solely for safe module generation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign framework for creating and exporting WebAssembly modules, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses standard techniques for encoding and module assembly. There are no signs of malware, data leakage, or malicious network activity. The security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}