{
  "purpose": "This code is an experimental builder for WebAssembly (Wasm) binary encoding, providing an API to create, encode, and export Wasm modules, including functions, globals, memories, and tables.",
  "sources": "User-defined functions and data such as module functions, global variables, and memory data; external imports from JS environment (e.g., imports dictionaries and encoded names).",
  "sinks": "Generated binary Wasm code and HTML templates for execution; export functions and global variables that could be accessed externally; dynamic code generation in the write_html method.",
  "flows": "Function definitions and global variable initializations flow into the encode() method, which produces a binary module; the write_html method injects generated JS code and HTML into web page; import data can influence exported JS code.",
  "anomalies": "Potentially suspicious is the inclusion of an HTML template with embedded JavaScript for fetching and instantiating the Wasm module, which can execute arbitrary JS code. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code dynamically generates and exports functions and memory segments, which could be exploited if misused. No obfuscated or misleading code patterns are observed; the code structure is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code provides an API for constructing WebAssembly modules, supporting imports, exports, function definitions, global variables, memory, and data segments. The code handles encoding of Wasm binary sections and supports exporting JS-compatible HTML with embedded code to load and instantiate the module. All functions and data are defined explicitly, with no hidden or obfuscated logic. No external inputs, network activity, or secret data handling is present. The JavaScript template in 'write_html' dynamically loads the generated Wasm file and executes exported functions, but this is standard for WebAssembly modules and not inherently malicious. The module export functions simply generate JS code for external use, which depends on user-controlled module and data names but does not include malicious code snippets or remote data retrieval. The overall structure is typical of a WebAssembly builder and exporter, with no indicators of sabotage, backdoors, or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward WebAssembly module builder with functionality for defining, encoding, and exporting modules and their components. It includes mechanisms to generate HTML and JS code for loading and executing the module in browsers. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, data exfiltration, or obfuscated code. The primary concern would be if the generated HTML/JS is misused, but as provided, it does not contain malicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}