{
  "purpose": "This script provides a framework for building WebAssembly (Wasm) modules programmatically, including functions for encoding instructions, sections, and generating the final .wasm and .html files for use in web environments.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from static function parameters, class attributes, and local variables within functions. No external input sources are evident within this script.",
  "sinks": "The script writes output files (.wasm and .html). There are no sinks involving network connections, system commands, or external data exfiltration. No untrusted data is processed for command execution or system modification.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves defining functions and modules, encoding data, and writing files. Data flows from function definitions into internal data structures, then into encoded sections, culminating in file output. No external data flows or command executions are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The script appears to be a legitimate, modular WebAssembly builder. No obfuscation, misleading variable names, or hidden behaviors are detected. No dynamic code execution or code injection mechanisms are present.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically constructs WebAssembly modules through high-level Python classes and functions, encapsulating encoding logic and section management. It includes functions to encode various data types and instructions, and classes representing WebAssembly instructions, functions, globals, and modules. The design aligns with standard module-building patterns. There are commented-out lines and example usage functions (test1, test2), serving as demonstrations. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or malicious side effects. The code operates purely as a module generator, with all data handling being internal and file outputs being the only external side effect.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate WebAssembly module builder with no detectable malicious intent or security risks. It performs standard encoding and file writing operations without external communication or unsafe behaviors. Overall, it is safe to use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}