{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for creating structured language model callables that utilize Google Vertex AI functions and pydantic models for output parsing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, external model configurations, and prompt templates. It accesses model schemas via methods like schema() and model_json_schema(). It also reads function names and model attributes.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain clear sinks that could lead to data leaks or malicious actions. It primarily constructs objects and binds functions within a controlled framework without executing untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through prompt templates into language models, which then invoke functions defined by pydantic models. The output is parsed via PydanticFunctionsOutputParser. No dangerous data flows such as code execution or network transmission are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets are present. The code relies on well-structured method calls, standard library functions, and known APIs. No backdoors, suspicious string manipulations, or malicious constructs are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a sequence of functions and language model interactions for structured data collection, with optional extra parsing steps. It uses safe Python practices, leveraging type annotations, schema extraction, and binding mechanisms. No signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. All data handling appears confined within the expected framework. The use of external libraries is standard for this context. No suspicious external calls, network actions, or sensitive data manipulations are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for creating structured, function-based interactions with a language model, leveraging pydantic schemas and prompt templates. There are no indications of malicious intent or security risks within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}