{
  "purpose": "This code defines utility functions to create and configure structured runnables that interact with language models and function schemas, primarily for recording entities via function calls and output parsing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, class attributes (such as 'model_json_schema' and 'schema'), and optional prompt inputs. It also reads attributes from the 'llm' object, such as 'is_gemini_advanced'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of 'bind' method on 'llm' objects, the chaining of prompts, and output parsers. These could process untrusted data if misused, but in this context, they primarily handle function schemas and prompts.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (functions, prompt, input data) into the creation of chained objects, with 'functions' and 'prompt' inputs passed into 'bind', 'from_template', and output parsers, ultimately returning a composed Runnable chain. There are no evident data flows into system or network calls.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or hardcoded secrets are present. The code dynamically accesses class attributes for schemas but does so in a standard, documented way. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically constructs output parsers and chained runnables based on function schemas, prompts, and language model objects. It correctly verifies input types and handles multiple functions, using established patterns. No code appears to perform data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious actions. The usage of attributes like 'is_gemini_advanced' and 'bind' suggests support for advanced LLM features but does not introduce malicious behavior. Overall, the code is designed for structured prompt and function handling without suspicious or malicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility module for building structured language model runnables with function calling and output parsing. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain threats. Its purpose aligns with legitimate use in AI application development. No malware or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}