{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Stack class for managing AWS CloudFormation stacks, including configuration, parameters, and dependencies. It provides mechanisms for creating and handling stacks within the Sceptre deployment tool.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include constructor parameters such as parameters, sceptre_user_data, hooks, s3_details, tags, notifications, and configuration values like template_handler_config, region, profile, and various role ARNs. Data is read during object instantiation and property access.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include properties and methods that could use untrusted data, such as connection_manager (which handles AWS credentials and roles), template (which might process templates), and the various configuration attributes that could influence AWS resource creation or deployment.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor parameters into class attributes. Resolvable properties and deprecated alias handling may involve dynamic resolution or assignment of credentials and configurations, potentially incorporating untrusted data if not validated. The connection_manager and template properties are points where data could influence AWS interactions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no obvious hardcoded credentials or secrets. Usage of deprecated properties and alias functions could pose a risk if deprecated values are maliciously injected. The presence of resolver properties suggests dynamic evaluation of some attributes, which could be manipulated if untrusted data is used as input. No explicit obfuscation or malicious code constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles configuration and instantiation of AWS stack objects, with mechanisms for deprecation and flexible configuration management. It validates certain inputs (e.g., boolean flags, parameters dictionary). There is dynamic resolution for properties like 'sceptre_role' and 'parameters', which could pose risks if untrusted data is supplied without validation. The use of resolvable properties indicates potential for runtime evaluation, but the code itself does not perform any network requests, data exfiltration, or malicious activities. No malicious behaviors such as code injection, data leaks, or backdoors are detected. The code appears to be standard infrastructure management logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical configuration management class for AWS CloudFormation stacks within the Sceptre tool. It does not contain any evident malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage mechanisms. The use of resolvable properties could be a risk if untrusted inputs are used, but the code itself does not actively perform malicious actions. Overall, it appears to be safe and primarily focused on infrastructure configuration.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}