{
  "purpose": "The code defines a signaling framework for event notification, allowing registration, disconnection, and emission of signals to connected receivers. It facilitates a loosely coupled communication system, primarily for application components to interact via signals.",
  "sources": "Inputs include method calls to connect, disconnect, or send signals, and the parameters for sender, receiver, and weak references. The main data sources are internal data structures like self.receivers, self._by_sender, self._by_receiver, and self._weak_senders, which are managed internally within the class.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the send and send_async methods where receiver functions are called. Receivers are invoked with sender and kwargs, and their return values are collected. Weak references are used to manage receivers and senders to avoid memory leaks, but no external data leaks or system calls are directly exposed.",
  "flows": "Flow starts at public methods like connect, disconnect, send, or send_async. The data (sender, receiver, weakref references) flows through internal mappings (_by_sender, _by_receiver, receivers). The receivers are invoked during send/send_async, passing sender and kwargs. Weakrefs trigger cleanup callbacks that modify internal state, ensuring references are cleaned up appropriately.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code constructs, such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or obfuscated dynamic code. The only notable detail is the use of weak references and cleanup callbacks to manage references, which is standard for memory management. No backdoors, code injection points, or hidden malicious behavior are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a signaling pattern with registration, disconnection, and emission capabilities. It uses weak references to prevent memory leaks and provides context managers for temporary connections and muting signals. The internal data structures and cleanup callbacks are typical for such frameworks. No external system calls, data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors are evident. The overall structure and methods align with standard event system patterns, and there are no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of an event signaling system with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It employs best practices like weak references and cleanup callbacks. There are no suspicious behaviors, hidden backdoors, or malicious code segments identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}