{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for creating tables, inserting, batch inserting, and updating SQL statements via string concatenation.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as table_name, insert_item, up_item, and condition, which are used directly in string formatting.",
  "sinks": "Generated SQL strings that are intended for execution on a database server.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into string concatenation, resulting in SQL commands that could be executed.",
  "anomalies": "Minimal escaping of string inputs; no use of parameterized queries or prepared statements; potential for SQL injection if inputs are untrusted.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs SQL statements dynamically through string concatenation, escaping single quotes in strings but not employing parameterized queries. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The primary security concern is the potential for SQL injection if untrusted input is passed directly into these functions. The functions are straightforward and serve as utility code, with no evidence of malicious intent. The security risk is moderate, especially in functions like make_update_sql where values are interpolated directly into SQL strings without sanitization beyond escaping quotes. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious behavior detected. The obfuscated score is 0, given the clarity of the code. The risk score varies among reports from 0.2 to 0.7, with the higher scores justified by the potential for injection vulnerabilities. Overall, the code is benign but insecure if used improperly, and the scores assigned in the reports are consistent with this assessment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for SQL statement generation, free of malware or obfuscation. The main security concern is the lack of parameterized queries, which exposes potential for SQL injection if inputs are untrusted. The malware and obfuscated scores are correctly assigned as 0. The risk score should be around 0.6, reflecting moderate security risk due to injection vulnerabilities. To improve security, refactoring to use parameterized queries is recommended. The current code is benign but requires caution in usage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}