{
  "purpose": "Provides cross-platform functions to determine system uptime and boot time, intended for use as a utility module.",
  "sources": "Reads from system files such as /proc/uptime, /proc/stat, /dev/time, and interacts with system libraries via ctypes; also reads file metadata like os.stat('RAM:') and /dev/pty/mst/pty0.",
  "sinks": "Uses ctypes to invoke system calls and read system data; calls external libraries and system functions to obtain system timing info.",
  "flows": "Reads system-specific data (sources) and uses ctypes or system library calls to process and convert to uptime/boot time (sinks), returning these values.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious payloads. Uses multiple platform-specific methods to access system info, which is expected for such utility. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution observed. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily gathers system uptime and boot time information through standard, platform-specific methods. It conditionally loads system libraries and reads system files, which is typical for such utilities. No parts of the code perform network operations, data exfiltration, or access sensitive user data. The use of ctypes to access system functions is consistent with system info retrieval. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or privacy violations are evident. All libraries and files accessed are standard or system files, and no dynamic or obfuscated code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate system utility designed for cross-platform uptime/boot time retrieval. It does not contain malicious behavior, suspicious backdoors, or malicious data collection mechanisms. It performs expected system calls and file reads for its purpose. Based on the analysis, the risk of malicious intent is extremely low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}