{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom resolver class for executing shell commands within a Sceptre deployment framework, allowing dynamic command execution based on provided arguments or stack configurations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from 'argument' (either a string or dict), environment variables from 'environment_variables' obtained from 'create_session_environment_variables', and command execution via subprocess.",
  "sinks": "The subprocess.run executes the command string constructed from the input, potentially leading to command injection if input is maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Input argument -> _get_subprocess_envs() constructs command and environment variables -> resolve() executes command via subprocess.run",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The code properly handles byte decoding. No hard-coded credentials are visible. It uses standard subprocess call with environment variables.",
  "analysis": "The class safely retrieves command input, either from a dict argument or directly as a string, and executes it in a shell environment. It uses the provided environment variables, defaulting to '/bin/bash' shell. The command is passed as a list with shell invocation, reducing risk of shell injection if input is controlled. However, if 'argument' contains untrusted data, it could lead to command injection vulnerabilities. The code does not perform validation or sanitization of 'command'. It relies on the caller to provide safe commands. The environment variables are dynamically created and do not appear malicious or suspicious. Overall, the code executes user-supplied commands without sanitization, which could be dangerous if inputs are malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code executes shell commands based on external input without sanitization, posing a command injection risk if inputs are malicious. No malware or obfuscated code is present, but the potential for malicious command execution exists if used improperly. It warrants caution in deployment environments.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 3
}