{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to load CSV data related to robotic trajectory and sensor measurements, and generate various plots for analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from CSV files specified by the 'csv_path' parameter in each method, particularly within the '_load_csv' static method using open() and csv.DictReader.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data to any external systems, network, or files outside the provided CSV path. It generates plots locally using matplotlib and does not involve external network or file system side effects beyond reading input files.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the CSV input files (source) into the _load_csv function, then into plotting functions where it is visualized. No external network communication or data exfiltration occurs.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, suspicious code constructs, or obfuscated code. The code performs standard data loading and plotting tasks. No suspicious behaviors or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code reads data from CSV files using a straightforward open and csv.DictReader approach, storing numerical data into dictionaries. It then provides various static methods to generate plots such as 3D trajectories, 2D projections, position over time, joint angles, motor currents, velocity, acceleration, and deviation. All operations are standard data visualization routines with no evidence of malicious behavior, external network activity, or code sabotage. The code structure is clean, and no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present. There are no hardcoded credentials, environment variable misuse, or other security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign data visualization utility for robotic trajectory analysis. It does not contain malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. The implementation is straightforward and does not raise any security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}