{
  "purpose": "This code implements functions and classes for active learning, data validation, PDF report extraction, and plotting metrics for machine learning model evaluation in a scientific or data analysis pipeline.",
  "sources": "User inputs via input() calls, CSV files loaded with pandas.read_csv(), PDF report files opened with pdfplumber.open(), file system checks with os.path.exists() and Path.glob().",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage via reading environment variables or external files, plotting with matplotlib (not malicious), file deletion with shutil.rmtree(), file unlinking, and writing CSV files with pandas.to_csv().",
  "flows": "Data flows from CSV and PDF files (sources), through data parsing, extraction, and validation functions, into dataframes, plotting functions, and file operations (sinks). User inputs influence control flow and file handling. PDF extraction functions process report content for metrics, then data is used for convergence analysis.",
  "anomalies": "Use of input() prompts for CSV filenames and column names without validation; dynamic file searches across directories; removal of directories and files based on user confirmation; potential overwrite prompts; no explicit validation of user inputs for critical operations; lack of encryption or security checks around file operations.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard data analysis pipeline involving CSV and PDF processing, active learning validation, and plotting. No functions or code snippets indicate malicious intent such as network communication, unauthorized data exfiltration, or system damage. User prompts and file deletions are controlled by user input, not automated or hidden actions. The file operations (like shutil.rmtree and unlink) are used cautiously based on user prompts. The code's purpose is data validation, report extraction, and visualization, which aligns with normal scientific or data processing workflows. There are no signs of obfuscation, code injection, or malicious payloads. It employs standard Python libraries and techniques for its tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard scientific data processing script focused on active learning, report extraction, and plotting. It does not contain any malicious or sabotage behavior. The code relies on user interaction for file management and makes no attempts to exfiltrate data, connect to external domains, or perform harmful system modifications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}