{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions and classes for active learning, data processing, PDF report extraction, convergence monitoring, and plotting metrics related to a machine learning workflow.",
  "sources": "Data is read from CSV files, user input prompts, PDF report pages, and file system directories (e.g., glob, Path). External libraries like pandas, os, glob, re, pdfplumber, shutil, and matplotlib are used.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include reading from CSV and user input, file system operations (creating/deleting directories/files), PDF text extraction, and plotting/saving figures.",
  "flows": "Data flows from CSVs and PDFs into data processing functions; user inputs influence configuration; extracted data (metrics, scores) flow into plotting functions; file operations update or overwrite existing data/files; the convergence logic reads and writes CSV files with results.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior are detected. The code appears to be standard for data processing, visualization, and monitoring in a machine learning pipeline. No suspicious network activity, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors are present. The functions mainly perform file I/O, regex parsing, data analysis, and plotting.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically handles data validation, file and directory management, PDF text extraction, and plotting. It prompts for user input where needed, manages batch directories, and updates CSV logs. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data theft, remote communication, or sabotage. The code is structured for legitimate purposes like active learning and report analysis. The use of standard libraries and straightforward data flow further supports benign intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a well-structured implementation of active learning monitoring, PDF report parsing, and metrics visualization. No malicious or sabotage behavior is evident. It operates within normal data processing and visualization tasks typical for such workflows.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}