{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions and classes for active learning, data analysis, and report visualization in a machine learning workflow, specifically targeting batch processing, convergence checking, and metric plotting.",
  "sources": "User input prompts, CSV file reading, PDF text extraction, and filesystem operations (glob, os, Path).",
  "sinks": "File writing (CSV, plots), directory deletion, process termination (sys.exit()), user prompts (input), and potential external file modifications.",
  "flows": "User inputs influence file paths and parameters; data read from CSVs feeds into analysis functions; PDF report parsing extracts metrics; convergence logic updates CSVs; plots are generated and saved to disk.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code uses input prompts for filenames and parameters, which could be exploited if the environment is untrusted. Directory deletion is controlled by user prompts. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. No suspicious network activity or external calls detected. No backdoors or malicious payloads observed.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically performs file operations, data parsing, and visualization within a machine learning active learning workflow. It includes user prompts for filenames and parameters, directory management (including deletion upon user confirmation), and file I/O for saving results. PDF parsing functions extract specific metrics using regex patterns, which are straightforward and not malicious. The directory removal and process exit commands are part of normal control flow to prevent conflicts or data corruption. No network activity, code injection, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The only potential concern is reliance on user input prompts and directory deletion, which could be manipulated in an untrusted environment, but these are standard operational controls rather than malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code performs standard data processing, analysis, and visualization tasks within a machine learning active learning context. No evidence of malicious code, backdoors, or sabotage behaviors was found. The code’s behavior is aligned with normal operational workflows, with no suspicious or malicious actions detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}