{
  "purpose": "Custom Django template loader for loading templates from specific applications to enable template extension and overriding.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'template_name' parameter in 'get_template_sources' function, and the 'app_name' parameter in 'get_app_template_dir'. It also uses 'apps.get_app_configs()' to read application configurations.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs filesystem paths and creates 'Origin' objects pointing to template files based on untrusted input, which could potentially be exploited if inputs are manipulated maliciously.",
  "flows": "Input 'template_name' containing colon-separated app and template; 'get_template_sources' splits this input, retrieves app directory, and constructs a path or Origin object pointing to a file based on these inputs.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'split' on 'template_name' without validation could lead to path traversal if malicious input includes '../'. No sanitization or validation of input is performed, raising concern for directory traversal or file inclusion attacks.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a custom loader for Django templates, relying on user-provided 'template_name' which includes an app label and template filename. The 'get_app_template_dir' function retrieves app paths based on app label, caching results. The 'get_template_sources' method processes 'template_name', splitting it on colon. If no colon, returns empty; otherwise, attempts to construct an 'Origin' object pointing to a file within the app's 'templates' directory. No validation or sanitization of 'template_name' occurs, which could allow malicious input with path traversal characters to access unintended files. The code does not include any network operations, code execution, or access to sensitive data. It primarily deals with filesystem paths based on trusted application configs and input strings, with potential risk if inputs are maliciously crafted.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a custom Django template loader that could be exploited if malicious 'template_name' inputs include path traversal characters. However, it does not contain explicit malicious behavior or malware, and its primary function is filesystem path resolution. The lack of input validation poses some security risk, but there is no direct evidence of malicious intent or malware. Overall, it appears to be a utility module with a potential security warning due to unvalidated input handling.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}