{
  "purpose": "Custom Django template loader that loads templates from specific application directories, allowing extension and override of templates with minimal copying.",
  "sources": "The 'template_name' parameter, which is split on colon; 'apps.get_app_configs()' to locate app paths.",
  "sinks": "Filesystem path construction via 'join()' using 'template_dir' and 'template_name'.",
  "flows": "Input 'template_name' (app:template) -> split into app and template -> get_app_template_dir(app) -> join path -> create Origin object.",
  "anomalies": "Lack of sanitization of 'template_name', potential for directory traversal if malicious input includes '../'. No validation or escaping performed.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs filesystem paths based on user input without sanitization, which could allow directory traversal. It uses 'split' on colon to parse app and template, then joins paths to locate templates. No code execution, network activity, or obfuscation is present. Multiple reports correctly identify the lack of validation as a security concern but find no evidence of malicious behavior. The malware score is appropriately zero; the risk score is low (around 0.2-0.3) due to potential directory traversal if inputs are maliciously crafted. The code is straightforward and does not contain obfuscation. Overall, the code is a standard utility with a minor security concern related to input validation, but no malicious intent or malware is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Django template loader extension with a minor security concern regarding unvalidated 'template_name' input that could lead to directory traversal. No malware or malicious behavior is detected. The current scores are appropriate, with malware score 0, obfuscated score 0, and a low security risk score (~0.2). To improve security, input validation should be added to prevent directory traversal, but as it stands, the code is safe for typical use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}