{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface definitions for the AWS SNS (Simple Notification Service) SDK, enabling type-safe interactions with the SNS API.",
  "sources": "Constant string definitions, imported modules, class method signatures, and property definitions that specify how data is received or sent.",
  "sinks": "Method implementations that interact with AWS services, particularly those that accept user input via keyword arguments (**kwargs). No evidence of data leaks, network connections, or data exfiltration within the code itself.",
  "flows": "User-provided parameters flow into SDK method calls through unpacked kwargs; these are used to construct API requests. No direct handling of untrusted data within the code, as actual network calls and responses are managed by the underlying AWS SDK.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The code strictly defines type annotations, class structure, and method signatures for an SDK wrapper. No obfuscated or suspicious language features detected. The code appears to be standard for a type-annotated SDK client interface.",
  "analysis": "The code provides type annotations, class properties, and method signatures for the SNS client, aligning with standard AWS SDK patterns. It includes overloads for paginators, properties for exceptions, and detailed method documentation with links to official documentation. No actual implementation logic or network calls are present; the code is purely interface/type definitions. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. All methods rely on the underlying SDK to perform operations. The structure is consistent with open-source SDK interface definitions, and no suspicious or anomalous elements are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, type-annotated interface for AWS SNS SDK client, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It is designed for type safety and clarity, not for executing or hiding malicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}