{
  "purpose": "The code manages the preparation, organization, and copying of certificate files for issuance batches, as well as mapping blockchain chains to identifiers and formatting transaction IDs for different blockchain networks.",
  "sources": "File system directories (unsigned certificates, signed certificates, blockchain certificates), environment variables (via os), input certificate files (glob pattern matching), blockchain chain objects (Chain).",
  "sinks": "File copying functions (shutil.copytree, shutil.copy2), directory creation (os.makedirs), logging warnings and info.",
  "flows": "Reading input certificate files from directories -> processing filenames and metadata -> copying certificate files to output locations -> converting chain objects to string identifiers and transaction IDs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution. No apparent data leaks or privacy violations. No use of untrusted input beyond file system operations.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard filesystem operations such as creating directories, copying files, and handling certificate metadata. It utilizes glob for pattern matching, which is a common and safe approach for file discovery. Chain-to-string mappings are straightforward. No data is read from or written to network sockets, environment variables are only used for standard directory paths, and no user input or untrusted external data sources are processed directly in security-sensitive ways. The use of 'shutil' and 'os' for file handling is normal and does not introduce security concerns. The code raises exceptions appropriately for unknown chains or missing certificates but does not include any suspicious or malicious commands. Overall, the code appears to be a standard certificate management utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical utility for managing certificate files and mapping blockchain identifiers. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It operates solely on filesystem data, with no network or secret handling involved. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}