{
  "purpose": "This code manages the preparation, copying, and metadata handling of certificates for blockchain issuance, supporting different blockchain chains and formats.",
  "sources": "Reading directories and files (os.listdir, glob2.iglob), environment variables are not used. No external input is explicitly read beyond file system interactions.",
  "sinks": "Copying files via shutil.copytree and shutil.copy2; constructing file paths and filenames; raising exceptions.",
  "flows": "The code copies certificate files from input directories to working directories, processes certificate metadata, and copies final blockchain certificate files to designated output locations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or sensitive information. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, no suspicious variable names. The code handles multiple chain types with clear mappings.",
  "analysis": "The code performs file system operations such as creating directories, copying files, and listing directory contents. It defines classes and functions for managing certificate metadata and preparing batch issuance processes. Chain-specific string identifiers are returned or constructed with no external network calls or data exfiltration. No external data inputs are processed beyond file system interactions. No suspicious or malicious code behaviors, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors, are evident. The code appears standard for a certificate management system, with proper exception handling and logging. There is no indication of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate part of a certificate issuance pipeline with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. It securely manages filesystem operations related to certificates and supports multiple blockchain networks. No malicious or suspicious code behaviors were detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}