{
  "purpose": "The code provides helper functions for mathematical operations, sorting, and text processing, intended for general utility purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'prob_table' and 'text'. It also reads constants like 'ETAOIN' and 'LETTERS' during object initialization.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of 'logger.trace' for detailed debugging information, which may expose internal data. The 'mod_inv' function performs iteration that could be exploited if misused, but does not directly perform unsafe operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into functions like 'sort_prob_table' and 'strip_punctuation', and then into logging or return statements. The 'sort_prob_table' function processes probability tables, sorts them, and returns sorted dictionaries. 'mod_inv' computes modular inverses via brute-force iteration.",
  "anomalies": "The 'is_ascii' function contains a lambda expression that is immediately invoked but is assigned directly as a boolean, which is unconventional. The extensive use of 'logger.trace' for debugging internal states may reveal sensitive data if logs are exposed. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily utility functions: computing GCD, modular inverse, percentage calculations, sorting dictionaries, checking ASCII characters, and removing punctuation. The 'sort_prob_table' method sorts probability data structures, which is consistent with typical processing. The use of 'logger.trace' could expose internal data, but it is not malicious per se. No network connections, file operations, or system modifications are present. The implementation appears straightforward, with no signs of obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility module for mathematical and data processing tasks. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms. The extensive logging could be a privacy concern but does not imply malicious activity. Overall, the code is safe with low malware risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}