{
  "purpose": "The class provides helper functions for mathematical operations, probability table sorting, and string manipulation, primarily intended for NLP and related tasks.",
  "sources": "None of the code reads external input or untrusted data sources; all functions operate on parameters passed directly to them.",
  "sinks": "There are no sink points where untrusted data is processed in a way that could lead to security vulnerabilities or data leaks.",
  "flows": "The functions process data passed as arguments, with no external data flow or untrusted source influence observable within this code.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard utility functions with no obfuscated language features, hidden code, or suspicious logic. The 'is_ascii' method has an incorrect implementation that may cause logical errors but not malicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises utility functions such as GCD calculation, modular inverse, percentage computation, and sorting probability tables. It includes verbose logging, which could reveal internal states but does not inherently pose security risks. The 'mod_inv' method employs a naive approach that may be inefficient but not malicious. The 'sort_prob_table' method sorts nested dictionaries based on summed probabilities, and 'new_sort' sorts dictionaries using OrderedDict. The 'is_ascii' method incorrectly uses a lambda, which always returns a function object rather than a boolean, but this is a logical flaw rather than malicious code. Overall, no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware is observed. The code seems to serve benign purposes with no harmful side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of utility functions with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. The only notable issue is a logical error in 'is_ascii' that prevents correct execution but does not pose security risks. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data flow. The code appears safe based on the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}