{
  "purpose": "The code provides helper functions for mathematical calculations, probability table sorting, and string processing, likely intended for NLP or data analysis tasks.",
  "sources": "Input data can be received through function parameters such as prob_table (dictionary), text (string), and numerical inputs (a, b).",
  "sinks": "Output could be the return values of functions such as sorted dictionaries, percentage values, or inverse calculations; no direct data leaks or external data transmissions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into functions, processed internally, and results are returned. No external network or system data flows are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code contains verbose logging via 'loguru' at TRACE level, which could expose internal states if logs are accessed, but this is a common debug practice. The 'is_ascii' function implementation appears incorrect as it returns a boolean of a lambda function rather than executing it, which is likely a bug but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code contains standard utility functions: gcd, modular inverse, percentage calculation, sorting of probability tables, and string manipulation. The 'sort_prob_table' method performs complex sorting, but it is implemented in a straightforward manner with no obfuscated or suspicious code structures. The 'new_sort' function uses OrderedDict to sort entries. The 'is_ascii' function's implementation is flawed, as it returns the boolean value of a lambda function instead of executing it; this appears to be a bug rather than malicious code. No code injections, external communications, or hidden behaviors are detected. The extensive logging is benign but could expose internal states if logs are accessed externally.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility/helper class for mathematical and data processing functions with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The only concern is the incorrect implementation of 'is_ascii', which may cause logical errors but not security risks. Overall, the package appears safe and intended for legitimate computational tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}