{
  "purpose": "This code provides an API client for managing order custom attributes in the Square API, including listing, creating, retrieving, updating, deleting, and bulk operations on custom attributes and definitions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters from method arguments such as 'key', 'order_id', 'body', 'cursor', 'limit', 'visibility_filter', and 'with_definition'. It also reads configuration data passed during class instantiation.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow into request parameters, headers, or body content which are sent to the API endpoint. Specifically, 'body' objects, 'key', 'order_id', and other parameters are serialized and sent in HTTP requests.",
  "flows": "Data from method arguments (sources) flows into request parameters or payloads (sinks) via serialization. These are then transmitted over network as API requests to the Square server endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to follow standard API client patterns with no suspicious code or backdoors. No hardcoded credentials, malicious logic, or unusual constructs are present. The code uses standard libraries for API interaction and serialization. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured API client implementation for managing custom attributes within Square's platform. It uses a consistent pattern of building HTTP requests with parameters, headers, and bodies, and handles responses via deserializers. All methods are straightforward wrappers around API endpoints with no signs of malicious behavior. The only potential concern could be untrusted input being sent over the network, but this is expected for an API client. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or data leaks embedded in this code. It is standard, public SDK-like code for API communication.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical, well-structured API client for interacting with Square's custom attribute endpoints. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks within this code. It functions as an interface to manage custom attributes and definitions securely and transparently.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}