{
  "purpose": "This code provides an API client for managing order custom attributes within the Square API, including creating, retrieving, updating, deleting, and listing custom attribute definitions and attributes associated with orders.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as 'key', 'body', 'order_id', 'custom_attribute_key', 'version', 'with_definition', 'visibility_filter', 'cursor', 'limit', and 'with_definitions' from function arguments. It constructs HTTP requests with these inputs for API operations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include HTTP request constructions where untrusted data could be incorporated into URLs, headers, or request bodies (e.g., 'key', 'order_id', 'custom_attribute_key', 'body', 'version'). These could lead to injection or improper API requests if not validated. The code does not directly process untrusted external inputs within its body but relies on passed parameters.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters into request builder parameters, which then translate into HTTP request components (URLs, headers, body). These requests are sent to the Square API endpoints for managing custom attributes and definitions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or suspicious URL manipulations are evident. The code consistently uses parameter objects to insert variable data into requests, which appears safe. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or suspicious logic is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward API client implementation for Square's custom attribute management. It employs standard practices for constructing API requests using a request builder pattern, with parameters for URL paths, query parameters, headers, and request bodies. All parameters are passed through function arguments and are incorporated into the request in a controlled manner. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized network activity, are present. The code does not handle or process sensitive data directly beyond request payloads, and it does not contain any obfuscated or suspicious logic. The use of a 'Single' authentication object indicates standard token-based authentication. Overall, the code appears to serve its intended purpose securely, with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured API client for managing order custom attributes with no apparent malicious behavior or security risks. It handles data input via parameters and constructs requests accordingly, with no signs of backdoors, data leaks, or suspicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}