{
  "purpose": "The code provides an API client for managing order custom attributes within the Square API, enabling listing, creation, retrieval, updating, deletion, bulk operations, and related functionalities.",
  "sources": "Input data is received via method parameters such as 'body', 'key', 'order_id', 'custom_attribute_key', 'visibility_filter', 'cursor', 'limit', 'version', 'with_definition', and request-specific data. Data is also processed from the API responses.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow into API request parameters, URL path templates, request bodies, and headers. Potential sinks include the request URL (path and query params), request headers ('Content-Type', 'accept'), request bodies ('body' objects), and response deserialization.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method arguments into request parameters, headers, or bodies, which are then serialized and sent over the network. Responses are deserialized back into APIResponse objects. No evidence of dynamic code execution or injection is present.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard API request patterns without suspicious or obfuscated constructs. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are identified. The import statements and class structure appear standard and legitimate. No signs of malicious code or data leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs API requests for managing custom attributes in the Square API, using well-known patterns like request builders, parameter serialization, and response handlers. All parameters are passed explicitly via method arguments, and serialization functions are standard. No use of eval, exec, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code is observed. The request flows seem typical for a REST API client. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or malware functions. The code is clean, structured, and adheres to expected API client design patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate API client for managing order custom attributes with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs standard API operations without any suspicious behavior, obfuscation, or malware indicators. It appears safe based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}