{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client interface for interacting with the Square Orders API, allowing management of custom attributes and their definitions for orders within a seller account.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as 'body', 'key', 'order_id', 'custom_attribute_key', and query parameters like 'visibility_filter', 'cursor', 'limit', 'version', 'with_definition'. It also reads configuration data during class initialization.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include HTTP request construction (URL, headers, body) which send data over the network. The code serializes data using JSON before sending in request bodies and includes dynamic URL paths and parameters.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into request parameters and body serializers, then through request builder, resulting in HTTP requests to Square's API endpoints. The responses are deserialized into ApiResponse objects.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, API keys, or secrets. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are present. No use of unsafe eval, dynamic code execution, or suspicious URL domains is detected. The code strictly interfaces with legitimate API endpoints and handles data serialization/deserialization properly.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard API client wrapper generated to communicate with Square's API. It uses established patterns for constructing HTTP requests, managing path and query parameters, headers, and request bodies. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized system access are present. All inputs are used within the context of API requests, and there are no indicators of malicious intent or sabotage. The code's purpose aligns with legitimate API interaction, and it properly handles data serialization and authentication via the 'Single' auth scheme. There are no signs of obfuscation or malware. The structure appears typical for an auto-generated API client.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a safe, standard API client for managing custom attributes in Square orders. It does not contain malicious behaviors, sabotage, or security risks. All request parameters are used appropriately, and no suspicious patterns or anomalies are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}