{
  "purpose": "This code provides fixtures and helper functions for testing the NDCube library, including WCS, ExtraCoords, and various cube configurations for unit tests.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from dictionary headers for WCS objects, creates numpy arrays and dask arrays for data, and reads time data from astropy Time objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are not evident; there are no functions that send data over the network, write to files, or execute system commands. No untrusted data is processed in a way that leads to external effects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from fixture inputs (such as WCS headers, numpy arrays, astropy Time objects) into NDCube and WCS objects. No untrusted or external data flows into system or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. The code uses standard libraries and well-known testing and scientific packages without obfuscation. No unusual or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines numerous pytest fixtures for WCS, ExtraCoords, and NDCube objects, mainly for testing purposes. It constructs data arrays, WCS headers, and coordinate objects using standard scientific libraries (numpy, astropy, dask). The code contains no functions that perform external network communication, file manipulation outside the test environment, or execute arbitrary code. The presence of fixture setups and helper functions is typical for testing suites. The only minor concern is the use of matplotlib.use('Agg') to prevent GUI display during tests, which is standard practice and not malicious. Overall, the code appears safe, with no malicious or suspicious elements.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard test fixture setup for the NDCube library, utilizing common scientific and testing libraries. It does not contain any malicious or suspicious behavior, hardcoded secrets, or security vulnerabilities. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}