{
  "purpose": "This code provides fixtures for testing various configurations of NDCube objects, WCS setups, extra coordinates, and sequences for a Python astrophysics library.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from numpy arrays, astropy Time and SkyCoord objects, and WCS headers. It also imports external libraries such as numpy, dask, astropy, and matplotlib if available.",
  "sinks": "No sinks indicating untrusted data flows or malicious effects are present. The code does not write or transmit data externally; it only constructs objects for testing purposes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from fixture input parameters (shape, WCS headers, coordinate tables) into object constructors (NDCube, ExtraCoords, WCS, NDCubeSequence). No external or untrusted data sources are processed in a way that leads to external effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are found. The code primarily defines data fixtures and helper functions with standard library usage. The only minor point is the suppression of matplotlib GUI backends, which is a common testing pattern. No obfuscation or malicious code constructs are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured to set up fixtures for testing a scientific Python package involving spatial, spectral, and temporal data cubes. It uses standard scientific Python and astropy libraries to generate data, WCS, and coordinate objects. The import statements are safe; no suspicious imports or code execution mechanisms are present. The code does not include any network calls, data exfiltration, or system modifications. No dynamic code execution, eval, or exec functions are used. Overall, it adheres to typical testing fixture patterns with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is purely for setting up test fixtures for scientific data analysis; it contains no malicious behavior or security risks. It uses standard library functions and well-known packages without any suspicious code patterns. Therefore, the overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 5
}