{
  "purpose": "The code provides various plotting functions for visualizing data analysis, including correlation heatmaps, scatterplots, histograms, boxplots, and ROC/PR curves, mainly used for data exploration and model evaluation in a PySpark environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from Spark DataFrames via methods like 'agg', 'transform', 'groupby', and 'select'. It also imports configuration settings and properties from external modules and uses environment variables through matplotlib's rcParams.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks are apparent that handle untrusted input. The plotting functions generate visualizations based on processed data from Spark DataFrames. There are no evident code execution, system calls, or data transmission outside plotting.",
  "flows": "Data flows from Spark DataFrame aggregations and transformations through internal functions to the plotting functions, which generate visualizations. There is no untrusted input directly influencing system commands or external data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard plotting libraries and Spark DataFrame methods. There are no hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or unusual code constructs. The only minor concern could be the use of 'rcParams' from matplotlib, but it is standard for styling. No suspicious code is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of visualization functions for data analysis, including correlation heatmaps, scatterplots, histograms, boxplots, ROC, and PR curves. It utilizes Spark DataFrame transformations and seaborn/matplotlib for plotting. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The functions are focused on data visualization tasks and are typical of data science workflows. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious external calls, or obfuscated logic are present. The use of external libraries appears legitimate and standard for this domain.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard set of visualization utilities for data analysis within a Spark environment. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected. The implementation is straightforward, with no signs of malware or security risks. Overall, the code is safe and typical for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}