{
  "purpose": "The code provides various plotting functions for visualizing data, including correlation heatmaps, scatterplots, histograms, boxplots, ROC curves, and PR curves, primarily using pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, and Spark DataFrame transformations.",
  "sources": "Data is read from Spark DataFrames (sdf), which are transformed through bucketizers, groupbys, and aggregations. Input data is accessed via sdf methods and Spark SQL operations.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data are present. The code outputs plots, but does not include code that writes data to external systems or files in an insecure manner.",
  "flows": "Data flows from Spark DataFrame transformations through bucketization and grouping operations into pandas DataFrames for plotting; visualization functions only consume data for plotting.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious or unusual code constructs such as dynamic code execution, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code. No external data sources or network operations are present. The code primarily performs data processing and visualization with standard libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code utilizes standard data visualization patterns with pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, and Spark. It performs bucketization, grouping, and plotting operations typical for data analysis workflows. No embedded or hidden malicious code is detected; all operations are focused on data processing and visualization. No external system calls, network communications, or file writing with sensitive data are present. The code structure and logic are straightforward, with no signs of sabotage or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a benign data visualization module used for analysis with Spark DataFrames and pandas. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are identified. The code's intent is clearly data analysis and plotting, with no suspicious or harmful elements.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}