{
  "purpose": "The code provides various visualization functions for data analysis, including correlation heatmaps, scatter plots, histograms, boxplots, and ROC/PR curves, specifically designed to work with Spark DataFrames and plotting libraries.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from Spark DataFrames (sdf) via transformations and aggregations, as well as from imported modules such as matplotlib, seaborn, numpy, pandas, and handyspark utilities.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs plots via matplotlib and seaborn functions, which are visual representations; no direct data leakage or data exfiltration occurs. No use of external untrusted sources or network operations is detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from Spark DataFrame transformations into pandas DataFrames for plotting, and then into visualization libraries. No untrusted external input or command execution paths are identified.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for visualization purposes. No suspicious or obfuscated code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are present. The functions use common plotting procedures and library calls. There are no indications of malicious intent or data leakage mechanisms.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple plotting functions for data visualization, utilizing standard libraries and Spark DataFrame operations. It processes data for plots like correlations, scatterplots, histograms, boxplots, and classification metrics. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communications, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The code structure is typical for visualization utilities. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code is detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of visualization utilities for data analysis with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It mainly handles data transformations and plotting, with no network operations or sensitive data handling beyond normal data visualization practices.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}