{
  "purpose": "Provides a comprehensive Azure Blob/Data Lake storage client with functionalities for listing, checking existence, reading/writing various data formats, and decorator-based export features. It facilitates data management and serialization tasks in cloud storage environments.",
  "sources": "Azure storage SDK calls, file path inputs, environment variables, class attributes, and user-provided functions for data processing.",
  "sinks": "Writes data to Azure storage via methods like write_csv, write_json, write_pickle, and decorator-exported functions. Data serialization includes pickle, gzip, bz2, and lzma, which are standard but require caution if untrusted data is processed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from storage through get methods, into pandas DataFrames, possibly transformed via user functions or decorators, then written back to storage. Serialization/deserialization and decompression are involved in data transfer processes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious network activity detected. Use of pickle is common but can be risky if handling untrusted data. Dynamic path and decorator systems are flexible but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard libraries and Azure SDKs to manage cloud storage. It offers extensive features for reading/writing multiple formats, with decorators for automatic export. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The use of pickle warrants caution but is typical in data pipelines. The dynamic path construction and decorator system are features for flexibility, not malicious intent. Overall, the code is a legitimate utility for cloud data management with low security risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, feature-rich Azure storage utility library with no evidence of malware, obfuscation, or malicious sabotage. The main concern is the use of pickle, which should be handled carefully with untrusted data, but this is a common pattern. The security risk score of 0.2 is justified. Overall, the code is safe and appropriate for cloud data operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}