{
  "purpose": "The code provides a client interface for managing files in Azure Blob Storage and Data Lake, including reading, writing, listing, copying, deleting, and processing files with support for multiprocessing and decorators for exporting functions.",
  "sources": "Reads input from function arguments, file paths (URLs), environment variables for credentials, and internal method calls to Azure SDKs. Also reads data from blob storage through various methods and from function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Uploads data to blob storage via methods like _put, writes files in formats such as CSV, JSON, pickle, and parquet, and also reads and processes data. Exports dataframes to blob storage. Uses json.dumps and pickle.dumps for serializing data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs or method calls (e.g., file paths, dataframes) to internal functions that read/write data from/to Azure Blob Storage. Credentials flow from parameters/environment variables to Azure SDK clients, which access storage. Data read from blob may be decompressed and deserialized before processing, then possibly re-serialized for writing.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or backdoors are detected. The code uses standard Azure SDK functions and common Python libraries without obfuscation. No code appears to perform hidden or malicious activities. No use of untrusted data for system commands or network connections outside Azure SDKs. The decorator system facilitates automatic data export but does not contain malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive client for Azure Blob/File storage, with functions for listing, checking existence, copying, removing, and reading/writing various data formats. It employs standard libraries (gzip, bz2, lzma, pickle, json, pandas) and Azure SDK components. All data processing uses typical patterns without suspicious code injection or malicious data leaks. The use of decorators to automatically export dataframes is a feature, but it does not contain malicious behavior. No obfuscation, backdoors, or hidden network calls are present. The code handles files securely via the Azure SDK, with standard decompression and serialization methods. Credentials are obtained via parameters or environment credentials; no hardcoded secrets are detected. Overall, the code appears legitimate and designed for file management in Azure storage with extended data processing support.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, standard Azure storage client with data processing capabilities. No malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks are evident. It handles data securely and employs best practices for data serialization and file management. The code is safe with a very low malware and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}