{
  "purpose": "The code handles dataset resolution and referencing within Azure Machine Learning, including retrieving dataset definitions and creating external references for datasets.",
  "sources": "Request parameters (ws_name, subscription, resource_group, dataset_name, dataset_version), dataset objects, imported modules, environment variables (via imports), dataset definitions.",
  "sinks": "Writer outputs JSON responses; dataset retrieval functions; Dataset.get() methods; potential exceptions.",
  "flows": "Input request parameters are used to retrieve workspace and dataset info, then responses are written to the writer. Dataset objects may be used to generate external references.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes multiple import blocks with fallback options (import from azureml.core or azureml.contrib), which could suggest obfuscation or handling multiple versions. No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. Exception handling is generic, which might hide issues but is not inherently malicious. No suspicious data leaks or network activities are present.",
  "analysis": "The script performs dataset resolution and referencing tasks within AzureML SDK, with import fallbacks to handle different SDK versions. It reads input parameters for workspace and dataset info, then calls SDK methods to retrieve datasets and definitions. Exception handling is broad but standard. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or data leaks. The import fallbacks could be a sign of compatibility handling but are not malicious per se. Overall, the code appears standard for dataset management within AzureML with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical dataset management utility for Azure Machine Learning SDK with fallback imports. There are no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. The fallbacks and exception handling are reasonable for SDK compatibility and error management, respectively. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}