{
  "purpose": "This script is for setting up a Python package, defining dependencies, package metadata, and configuration for distribution.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from three README files ('README.rst', 'CONTRIBUTORS.rst', 'CHANGES.rst') and accesses package metadata and dependencies directly embedded within the setup script.",
  "sinks": "There are no typical security sinks such as network connections, system modifications, or file writes that are suspicious. The setup process is standard and does not involve untrusted data handling or external commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file reads (README files) into the 'long_description' parameter, and from the script into the setup() function, which defines package configuration. No untrusted input flows into dangerous operations.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies detected. The code structure is typical for a setup script, with no obfuscated code, hidden commands, or suspicious constructs. Variable names are non-descriptive but consistent with obfuscation patterns, yet this alone does not imply malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard package setup procedures: importing 'setuptools', checking Python version, concatenating README files for long description, and calling 'setup()' with package metadata and dependencies. All operations are typical for a Python package distribution script. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage. The code does not execute external commands or untrusted data. Variable names appear obfuscated but are used consistently, possibly for stylistic reasons, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard Python package setup file with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It follows typical patterns for package configuration and dependency management. No security concerns are identified based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}