{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of classes and methods for visualizing ship data on interactive maps, including plotting routes, heatmaps, and station info.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from parameters such as geojson_data, wkt_polygon, and mmsi inputs. It also reads from imported utility functions and data fields within the geojson or dataframes, such as 'tagblock_station', 'mmsi', 'speed', 'timestamp', etc.",
  "sinks": "The code adds markers, polygons, lines, and heatmaps to a Folium map object, primarily using trusted libraries. It creates popup info, but does not send data externally. No network or system commands are issued, and no data exfiltration mechanisms are visible.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (geojson, WKT, mmsi) into data verification functions, then into visualization functions that generate map layers and markers. The functions do not include data transmission or external network calls.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses external visualization libraries without any obfuscated code or dynamic execution. No hardcoded credentials or secret keys are present. The code structure appears straightforward. No suspicious or unusual code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code extensively uses open-source libraries (folium, geopandas, leafmap) to visualize spatial data. Inputs are processed with verification functions, and data is visualized through markers, polygons, and heatmaps. No network connections, system modifications, or data exfiltration code is present. No malicious backdoors, obfuscated code, or harmful commands are detected. The functions operate within expected behaviors for visualization tasks, with no signs of sabotage or malware. Utility functions are imported from external modules, but their contents are not shown; assuming they are benign as their names suggest. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate map visualization module with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a map visualization tool for ship data with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It relies on standard libraries and simple data processing and visualization techniques. There are no indicators of malware, backdoors, data theft, or malicious network activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}