{
  "purpose": "The code provides various visualization tools for AIS ship data using Folium and Leafmap, including mapping all ships, filtering ships within polygons, plotting ship routes, heatmaps, and base stations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, mainly geojson_data, wkt_polygon, mmsi, and optional filtering parameters. It processes data via verify_geojson and loads WKT polygons.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily adds visual markers, polygons, and lines to the map via Folium. It does not write to files, send data over networks, or execute external commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs (geojson strings/dicts, WKT strings, MMSI identifiers) through verification and filtering functions, then to map elements such as markers, polygons, and heatmaps, which are added to the map object.",
  "anomalies": "There are no unusual or suspicious code constructs. Usage of third-party libraries appears standard for geospatial visualization. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code handles exceptions appropriately, especially for WKT parsing.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Map class with methods to visualize ship data in various forms. It relies on external utilities verify_geojson, check_printable_icon, get_info, create_speed_legend, which likely perform data validation and presentation logic. The code reads input data, verifies and processes it, and then adds corresponding visual elements to the map. The logic appears standard for geospatial visualization. No network communication, data exfiltration, or execution of malicious commands is present. The code does not obfuscate logic or employ suspicious language features. All data flows are confined to visualization and data filtering operations, with no evidence of malicious intent or malware behavior.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the detailed review, the code performs legitimate data visualization tasks without any signs of malicious activity or sabotage. It uses well-known libraries and handles data securely. No malicious behaviors, malware, or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}