{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of actions, filters, and utility functions for managing resource tags in AWS resources, including tagging, untagging, renaming, copying related resource tags, and scheduling future actions based on tags.",
  "sources": "Input data from policy configurations, resource tags, resource identifiers, and AWS API responses.",
  "sinks": "AWS API calls such as create_tags, delete_tags, tag_resources, untag_resources, get_resources, get_resources (via resourcegroupstaggingapi), and other related methods that modify or retrieve resource tags.",
  "flows": "Sources (policy data, resource tags, API responses) flow into processing functions that generate AWS API requests (sinks) such as create_tags, delete_tags, tag_resources, untag_resources, and get_resources. Tag and resource identifiers are used to form requests that modify resource tags.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Usage of standard AWS SDK session creation, API calls, and common tagging patterns are observed. The code includes error handling, retries, and validation logic but no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. The 'universal_retry' function performs retries with backoff, typical for handling API throttling.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard AWS resource tagging operations with proper validation, error handling, and retry mechanisms. It manages resource tags via AWS APIs, supports copying tags from related resources, renaming tags, and scheduling future actions through tags. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present; all AWS API calls are parameterized and use session factories. There are no signs of malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system modification, or covert communications. The structure and logic appear consistent with legitimate resource management tasks. The code demonstrates careful handling of API failures and retries but does not contain obfuscation or suspicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation for managing AWS resource tags within a policy framework. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. Its functions and mechanisms align with normal operational tasks and best practices for resource tagging. No indicators of supply chain sabotage or malicious intent are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}