{
  "purpose": "The script sets up a Python package with optional Cython and numpy extensions, manages build configuration, and reads package metadata from a README file.",
  "sources": "Reading the README file; importing modules; accessing numpy's include directory; loading environment variables; handling setup arguments.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks or data flows that process untrusted external input or data from untrusted sources. No network connections or data leaks observed.",
  "flows": "No malicious source-to-sink data flows identified. The code mainly configures build parameters and package metadata.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable and class names (e.g., dEbjNorhJMacPCOyZRdtoQUUNwFZuxRK, XnvpHndwjAyshsmkFnbLqdWOjZbZynOq), unusual import aliasing, and complex conditional logic for optional compilation. These may obscure intent but are not inherently malicious. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles package setup with optional Cython and numpy integration, including dynamic extension compilation. The obfuscated naming appears to be an attempt to conceal the code structure, but the logic is consistent with typical setup scripts. No malicious behavior, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or harmful system modifications, is detected. The obfuscation might be a concern for security review, but it does not demonstrate malicious intent based on the visible code. The script's purpose aligns with normal package build procedures, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard setup script with obfuscated naming, likely to hinder easy readability but not necessarily malicious. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior based on the analyzed content. The security risk appears low, though the obfuscation warrants caution for potential hidden intentions.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}