{
  "purpose": "The code is designed for testing DICOM server connectivity, uploading test DICOM data to Orthanc, and verifying the functionality of a DICOM client within a testing framework.",
  "sources": "Environment variables for ORTHANC_HOST, ORTHANC_PORT, ORTHANC_WEB_PORT, ORTHANC_AET, ORTHANC_USERNAME, ORTHANC_PASSWORD; local test configuration file; HTTP responses from Orthanc server; DICOM dataset generated within the code.",
  "sinks": "Requests to Orthanc API (potential data exposure); DICOM dataset uploads (contains patient data); environment variables (potential secret exposure if misconfigured); network communication (HTTP requests).",
  "flows": "Environment variables provide configuration data; test functions invoke HTTP requests to Orthanc, which can carry credentials and patient data; DICOM dataset is uploaded via HTTP POST; tests query Orthanc for data and perform operations based on responses.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. Use of environment variables for sensitive data is standard but depends on external configuration. No suspicious code paths, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are present. All code appears to perform expected testing functions without malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code loads environment variables for configuration, manages test data creation and upload, and performs various DICOM and Orthanc connectivity tests. It uses standard libraries (requests, pytest, pydicom) in conventional ways. No code injection, data leaks, or malicious network activities are evident. The HTTP requests include basic auth when credentials are set, which is a standard practice, not malicious. The test dataset contains dummy patient data for testing. The code structure and functions follow typical testing patterns without obfuscation or malicious code constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard testing procedures for DICOM server connectivity, data upload, and client validation. It uses environment variables for configuration, handles data securely, and does not contain any signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}