{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to redact metadata from various file types (images, PDFs, Office documents, audio files) to protect user privacy and remove sensitive information.",
  "sources": "The code reads input files specified by input_path parameters in functions like redact_metadata, redact_image_metadata, redact_pdf_metadata, etc. It also reads environment variables and dependencies during import.",
  "sinks": "The code writes processed files to output paths. No external data sinks or network operations are present that could leak data. File operations are local.",
  "flows": "Input files are read at the start of each redact function; metadata is extracted, modified, or removed; then cleaned files are saved to output paths. No untrusted data enters external systems or network streams.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses external libraries such as PIL, PyPDF2, docx, openpyxl, mutagen without any validation or sanitization, but these are standard libraries for file manipulation. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is detected. Logging is used but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code performs metadata removal for various file types by opening files, modifying metadata, and saving or copying files. It uses standard libraries, handles exceptions gracefully, and avoids dangerous operations. No network calls, remote data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code's purpose aligns with legitimate privacy-preserving operations. There are no indications of malicious intent or backdoors. All operations are limited to file processing, with proper exception handling. Dependency usage is appropriate for the tasks. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for metadata redaction across multiple file formats. It performs standard file manipulations with proper error handling, and there are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}