{
  "purpose": "This code performs metadata redaction on various file types including images, PDFs, Office documents, and audio files. It processes files to remove or preserve specified metadata fields and supports batch operations.",
  "sources": "Input file paths provided to functions such as redact_metadata, redact_metadata_batch, and internal file handling functions. Data is read from the filesystem at these locations.",
  "sinks": "Modified files are written to specified output paths. Metadata is stripped or preserved during processing, and files are saved without executing or transmitting untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input paths are read to open files, metadata extraction occurs within processing functions, and cleaned or processed files are saved to output locations. Metadata fields are selectively preserved or removed based on input parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic imports within functions, which may obscure dependencies. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code interacts with system files and external libraries but does so in a controlled manner. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or system commands are evident. Exception handling is comprehensive but does not involve executing untrusted code. No obfuscated code patterns or malicious payloads detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a metadata redaction utility for various file types, leveraging well-known libraries (PIL, PyPDF2, docx, openpyxl, mutagen) with standard file I/O operations. It performs safe file copying and manipulation without executing untrusted code. The only potentially risky aspect is the use of dynamic imports, which are contained within functions and controlled. No indications of data exfiltration, command execution, or malicious behaviors are present. The code does not interact with network resources or execute system commands beyond file operations. Exception handling aims to prevent crashes and fallback to safe copying. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate file metadata redaction tool, operating solely on local filesystem data, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses standard libraries to modify files safely and does not contain backdoors, network communication, or malicious payloads. The only concern might be the dynamic import pattern, which is a common practice for optional dependencies but warrants cautious dependency management. Overall, the code is safe and well-structured for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}