{
  "purpose": "The code performs metadata redaction for various file types (images, PDFs, Office documents, audio files) to remove or preserve specific metadata fields, supporting privacy and data sanitization.",
  "sources": "Input file paths provided to each redact_* function; user-supplied keep_fields parameter; optional configuration dependencies; external libraries imported within functions (e.g., PIL, PyPDF2, docx, openpyxl, mutagen).",
  "sinks": "Writing to output files during metadata removal; copying files directly when redaction isn't supported; modifying document properties and audio tags; moving files to final locations.",
  "flows": "Input file paths are read by respective redaction functions; metadata is extracted or cleared; cleaned data is saved to output paths; in case of failure, files are copied without modification; batch function processes multiple files through redaction functions.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic imports within functions (e.g., import within functions), which may obscure dependencies; fallback mechanisms that simply copy files without redacting metadata, potentially leaving sensitive info intact; no explicit security checks or validation on input paths or file contents; some functions modify metadata fields based on simple string checks, which could be misused if metadata is intentionally malformed.",
  "analysis": "The script appears to be a standard utility for privacy-preserving redaction of metadata across various file formats, employing common libraries like PIL, PyPDF2, and mutagen. It uses temporary directories for processing to avoid partial overwrites and has fallback mechanisms to copy files directly if redaction fails. There are no indications of malicious code such as network activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration routines. All imported libraries are known open-source packages for legitimate processing tasks. The only potential concern is that it may leave sensitive data unredacted if fallback copying is triggered, but this is a feature, not a malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious external network activity is present. The dynamic imports are typical for optional dependencies and do not constitute malicious obfuscation. Overall, the code aligns with standard privacy tools, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a metadata redaction utility that uses established libraries to remove or preserve metadata fields across various file types. It operates securely within its scope, with no malicious behavior detected. Its fallback mechanisms and dynamic dependencies are typical for such tools and do not suggest sabotage or malware. The overall security risk is low, assuming dependencies are trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}