{
  "purpose": "The code implements a background task for cleaning up expired agents and their Docker containers, primarily by querying a database for expired agents and terminating their associated containers.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the database (via SQLModel) regarding agent expiration times and agent IDs; container operations involve reading container states via Docker SDK.",
  "sinks": "The code performs container kill operations, database updates for agent states, and logging actions. Docker container termination is a critical sink where commands are executed.",
  "flows": "The code fetches expired agents from the database (source), then attempts to kill their containers and update their status (sinks), forming source-to-sink paths such as database query -> container kill -> database update.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or unusual variable naming is detected. Error handling is standard. No backdoors or hidden behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically identifies expired agents and kills their Docker containers, then marks them as expired in the database. It uses standard Docker SDK calls wrapped in asyncio's run_in_executor to avoid blocking. The database interactions are straightforward and use safe querying with SQLModel. No suspicious or malicious logic, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors, is present. The container kill logic properly handles the case where containers are missing. Logging is used for traceability. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activity are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate background cleanup task for managing expired agents and their containers, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs expected operations securely and with appropriate error handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}