{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to start and manage a WebSocket server and listener for the LiveApex application, including decoding socket events.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables, subprocess output streams, websocket messages, and package paths.",
  "sinks": "Outputs to console via print statements, subprocess execution of server.py, and processing incoming websocket messages.",
  "flows": "Starts server.py via subprocess -> reads output/error streams -> processes websocket messages -> decodes events into dicts.",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic subprocess execution without input validation; hardcoded file paths; extensive exception catching that suppresses errors; no validation of websocket message contents; no user input validation. No credentials or sensitive data are hardcoded. No obfuscated code or suspicious language features. Usage of protobufs is standard. No malicious code or backdoors are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation for starting a WebSocket server process, listening for websocket events, and decoding protobuf-encoded messages. It uses standard libraries and patterns for subprocess management, websocket communication, and protobuf parsing. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command injection, or hidden backdoors. Exception handling is broad but does not appear to mask malicious activity; it merely suppresses errors. The subprocess executes a known filename (server.py) within a package directory, which could be potentially risky if the file itself is malicious, but this cannot be assessed from the current code alone. Overall, the code seems to serve a legitimate purpose with no indicators of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for managing WebSocket server and event decoding in a client application. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data handling within this snippet. The main concern is reliance on external files (server.py) which could be malicious, but within this code, no malicious activity is present.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}