{
  "purpose": "The code implements polling and survey functionality within an edX XBlock framework, enabling course authors to create interactive polls/surveys, handle user votes, export data, and render views.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include JSON payloads received via XBlock handlers (e.g., vote submissions, answers, questions, export requests) and user state data (e.g., 'choices', 'submissions_count', 'state' from student modules). Environment variables and settings are also read via service calls. External resources are loaded via resource strings and static URL replacements.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include rendering HTML/JS templates, returning JSON responses, and initiating CSV export tasks. The code publishes events (vote submissions, view results) and generates URLs for downloads. User data (choices, tally) is exposed via API responses and report generation.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (vote data, answers, questions, export requests) flows into handlers, which validate and update internal state (tally, choices, submissions). These data are then used to generate views, JSON responses, and initiate exports. Data flows from input handlers through validation into storage (attributes like tally, choices), then to rendering and exporting functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident. The code uses standard libraries and proper scoping. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The use of dynamic JSON handling and resource loading appears standard. No backdoors, suspicious network connections, or malicious system modifications are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically handles poll and survey creation, voting, result tallying, and data export. Input validation appears appropriate, with checks on answer keys, question consistency, and voting limits. External resources and static URLs are managed via resource strings and conditional URL replacement, with fallback mechanisms. Event publishing tracks user interactions. Data exposure is limited to API responses and report generation. No signs of malicious behavior such as unauthorized data exfiltration, reverse shells, or code injection are present. The code is well-structured, with clear separation of concerns and standard security practices. Overall, the code performs expected functionality for a poll/survey XBlock without malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "This code implements poll and survey functionalities securely within an LMS environment. It includes proper input validation, event tracking, and data export capabilities. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are detected. The code appears safe for use in the intended context.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}