{
  "purpose": "The code defines multiple classes for polling and survey XBlocks, supporting data export, rendering, and user interactions within an LMS environment.",
  "sources": "Data is read from user input via JSON handlers, runtime services, and external modules (e.g., user groups, static URLs). Files are accessed via resource_string().",
  "sinks": "Response objects, JSON serialization, external service calls, resource URL replacements, and publish events are potential sinks. No unsafe code execution or command execution observed.",
  "flows": "Input data from JSON handlers flows through validation and update methods. Data is exported asynchronously and results are stored. Rendering functions compile templates and static resources. User votes update tallies and trigger events.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures. Use of dynamic imports with fallback mechanisms appears standard. No obfuscated code or malicious logic detected. Resource handling and event publishing are normal.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly manages poll and survey data with proper validation and data scoping. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or hidden backdoors. External dependencies are standard for LMS integrations. Static URL replacements and resource string accesses are typical for web apps. No suspicious network activity or code injection points are present. The resource_string function decodes package resources; no malicious intent implied. JSON handlers perform data validation and updates without executing untrusted code. User data is handled securely within the context of LMS modules. Overall, the code focuses on user interaction, data storage, and report generation, with no malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be standard LMS poll and survey components with robust validation and resource management. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected. It operates within expected security practices for LMS plugin development.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}