{
  "purpose": "This code provides implementation for polling and survey functionalities within an edX course framework, including data export, rendering views, handling user responses, and managing state.",
  "sources": "Data is read from user module states, JSON input in handlers, configuration settings, and resource files (HTML, JS, CSS).",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks through responses, event publishing, and report generation; resource loading for resources such as templates and scripts; external API calls for static URL replacement.",
  "flows": "Sources such as user states and JSON input feed into tally updates, validation, and vote processing; data flows into responses, event logs, and CSV report generation; resource strings flow into UI fragments.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets; no code obfuscation or unusual dynamic execution detected; resource loading appears standard. The code handles external resource URLs and translations but does so securely without evident malicious interference.",
  "analysis": "The code manages polling and survey data, including user responses, tally updates, and report exports, with appropriate use of JSON handlers, resource loading, and event publishing. No external network connections are initiated by the code itself, nor are there indications of data exfiltration or backdoors. Use of resource strings, dynamic resource URL replacement, and event publishing are standard in web applications. Exception handling for imports ensures backward compatibility. There is no evidence of malicious payloads, code injection, or hidden behaviors. The overall architecture aligns with typical edX XBlock implementations, focusing on security and data integrity. The only potential concern is resource URL replacement, which is a standard practice and does not introduce malicious behavior. Thus, no malicious or sabotage code segments are identified.",
  "conclusion": "This source code implements polling and survey functionalities with standard practices, resource loading, and data handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The code appears secure, with appropriate handling of user data, responses, and exports. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}