{
  "purpose": "The code provides base classes and specific implementations for Poll and Survey interactive components within an edX course, enabling voting, result display, and data export functionalities.",
  "sources": "Reads data from user input via JSON handlers (vote, studio_submit, load_answers, load_questions), and accesses external resources such as static files, translations, and course data models.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include JSON responses, CSV report files, and rendering fragments with embedded templates and static assets. Data is exposed via HTTP responses and data models.",
  "flows": "Sources include user-submitted JSON data (vote, studio_submit), external resource strings, and course data; sinks include JSON responses, CSV files, and HTML fragments. Data flow occurs from user input to data validation, tally updates, and response generation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard Django, xBlock, and edX APIs. Import fallbacks are for backward compatibility. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements typical xBlock patterns: user input handlers (json_handler), static resource loading, data aggregation, and rendering. It validates inputs, updates tallies, and exposes data for export and display. No suspicious network connections, data exfiltration, or hidden behaviors are evident. The resource loading and static URL replacement are standard for LMS integration. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage, and the overall code follows typical educational platform development practices.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate implementation of Poll and Survey functionality within an edX environment. It handles user interactions, data export, and display without any indication of malicious intent or sabotage. The code's structure and behavior are consistent with secure, purpose-driven educational components.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}