{
  "purpose": "The code appears to configure logging handlers for displaying logs in an IPython environment with styled HTML output.",
  "sources": "The code reads the module import (lsst.log), environment variables (implied via style variables), and the logging records (via the custom handler).",
  "sinks": "The code outputs HTML formatted logs using IPython.display functions, and possibly calls a configuration method in an imported logging module.",
  "flows": "Logging records are processed in the custom handler, formatted with styles, and displayed as HTML; configuration function may influence logging behavior.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of obfuscated variable names (e.g., heDbiEVieVizERGsftQJofiqlcPwyOAv), unused exception handling for import errors, and a function call at the end that depends on an external, possibly optional, logging object. The styling and HTML escaping seem standard. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom logging handler that formats log records as styled HTML and displays them in an IPython environment, such as Jupyter Notebook. The import of lsst.log is handled with a fallback that does nothing if unavailable. The styling variables and the function for configuring logging are present, but do not contain suspicious logic. The obfuscated variable names seem intentionally confusing but do not perform malicious actions. The code does not perform any network operations, file system modifications, or execute external commands. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The only potential concern is the obfuscated variables and indirect configuration call, but they serve typical logging purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a styled IPython logging display setup with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It mainly enhances log visualization in Jupyter Notebooks. The obfuscation appears to be for code concealment rather than malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}