{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to provide a Streamlit component for rendering Folium maps, including functions for generating HTML/JavaScript code, managing map components, and integrating with Streamlit's interface.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables, function parameters (such as 'fig', 'layer_control', 'feature_group_to_add', etc.), and data within Folium map objects and their attributes.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs HTML and JavaScript code via the Streamlit component, manipulates DOM elements, and interacts with the session state. It also constructs and injects JavaScript code snippets into the frontend rendering process.",
  "flows": "Input data (map objects, configuration parameters) flow into functions that generate HTML/JavaScript code, which then get rendered into the Streamlit app. Map data is processed to produce leaflet scripts, which are passed to the frontend component for display.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code performs standard map rendering tasks, with typical use of regex and string replacement. There is no evidence of backdoors, hidden malicious code, or suspicious behavior. The only dynamic code involves rendering and manipulating map components, which is expected.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a utility for rendering Folium maps within Streamlit. It includes functions for generating consistent leaflet map scripts, handling dual maps, feature groups, and layer controls. It also manages dependencies and generates dynamic JavaScript/HTML code snippets. There are no signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, system damage, or backdoors. The code interacts with external libraries in a standard way, and no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are evident. It does include deprecated warnings for a function, which suggests ongoing maintenance, but nothing malicious. Overall, the code performs legitimate functions typical for a mapping visualization library integration.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation for rendering Folium maps in Streamlit with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It manages map rendering, code generation, and interaction handling securely. No malicious signals or backdoors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}