{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to render Folium maps within Streamlit apps, including custom handling for leaflet JS code, feature groups, layer controls, and dual maps. It facilitates embedding geospatial visualizations and interactive map components.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from parameters such as folium.Map/fig objects, feature groups, layer controls, and custom JavaScript/HTML strings generated from Folium objects. It also processes environment variables for component configuration.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows mainly through the generated leaflet JavaScript strings and HTML snippets, which are passed to Streamlit components for rendering. Potential sinks include the raw HTML/JavaScript code injected into the frontend, especially the generated leaflet strings and any dynamic content added via the template scripts.",
  "flows": "Input from folium Map/fig objects and user-provided feature groups/control elements flow into functions that generate leaflet JS code, which is then embedded into the Streamlit frontend. The leaflet string is generated and modified, then passed to the frontend component. The function also manages state updates and optional callback invocations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscated code detected. The code includes warning about deprecation, but nothing appears malicious. Some code manipulates DOM element IDs and injects leaflet scripts, which is standard for Folium integrations. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration code is present.",
  "analysis": "The script mainly handles rendering Folium maps within Streamlit and converting map components into JavaScript strings for embedding. It generates leaflet code, manages DOM IDs, and constructs scripts for features like dual maps, feature groups, and layer controls. The only potential concern is the dynamic generation and injection of JavaScript code into the webpage, but this is a standard pattern for map visualization tools. There is no evidence of malicious intent, such as network connections to suspicious domains, data theft, or backdoors. The code appropriately restricts input processing and handles errors gracefully. No obfuscated code or malware signatures are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of Folium map rendering within Streamlit, with standard handling for map components and JavaScript generation. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. The primary security consideration is ensuring that generated JavaScript code is not compromised, but given the source is the Folium library and standard map components, it is unlikely to be malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}