{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to render Folium maps within a Streamlit app, generate unique identifiers for JavaScript objects, and facilitate dynamic interactions with maps, such as adding feature groups and layer controls.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from folium Map/Figure objects, function parameters (e.g., feature_group_to_add, layer_control), and session state. Uses regex patterns and JavaScript string generation from folium elements.",
  "sinks": "Injects generated HTML and JavaScript code into Streamlit components; manipulates leaflet JS code and HTML strings; writes to session state; generates and replaces JavaScript variable names; adds external JS/CSS links.",
  "flows": "Sources (map objects, parameters, session state) flow into code that generates leaflet HTML/JS strings. These strings are then passed to the Streamlit component, which renders the map. JavaScript code modifies map behaviors based on user interactions, updating session state or invoking callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no use of insecure functions. Regex patterns are used for string replacements, but they serve legitimate purposes. The code contains warnings about deprecation, but nothing suspicious. The code manipulates and generates JS/HTML strings dynamically, which is standard for map rendering but warrants cautious review. No evidence of obfuscated or malicious code blocks. External JS links are standard libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a comprehensive utility for integrating Folium maps into Streamlit applications. It handles rendering, dynamic feature and layer control addition, unique identification of map components, and code generation for client-side interaction. There are no signs of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful network activities. All data handling is confined to UI rendering and state management. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code uses external libraries responsibly, and the string manipulations are related to map visualization logic. The presence of deprecation warnings suggests ongoing maintenance but does not indicate malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for rendering interactive maps in Streamlit apps. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data handling. It performs expected functions such as generating map HTML/JS code, managing session state, and adding map controls. No security risks or malware signs are detected based on this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}