{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to embed and display Folium maps within Streamlit applications, including utilities for generating JavaScript and HTML representations of the maps, managing interactions, and customizing the display.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the Folium map objects (e.g., map bounds, zoom, center), configuration parameters, and external resources like CSS and JS links. It also captures the HTML and JavaScript generated by Folium and Leaflet components.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs HTML and JavaScript code to the Streamlit frontend via the Streamlit components API. It also potentially executes custom scripts via generated leaflet strings and dynamic JavaScript injection.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from Folium map objects and parameters into generated JavaScript strings, which are then passed to the frontend component. These strings are used to render maps and controls dynamically. User interactions in the frontend may trigger callbacks that update the Streamlit session state, which can then influence further map rendering.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to generate JavaScript strings for map rendering and manipulation, but no explicit malicious patterns like network connections, data exfiltration, or reverse shells are present. The only potential concern is the inclusion of external JS libraries (d3.js) which are standard but could be misused if tampered with, although no such tampering is evident here. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets are detected. The code relies on dynamically generated identifiers but does not manipulate sensitive data or execute untrusted code directly.",
  "analysis": "The script is primarily concerned with rendering Folium maps within Streamlit, generating HTML/JavaScript code for the maps, and managing map components and interactions. It uses regex and string replacements to generate standardized JavaScript variable names, which could be considered a form of obfuscation, but this is common for map rendering. External JS libraries are loaded for visualization, but no malicious network activity or data exfiltration is apparent. The code includes features for dynamic interaction handling, but nothing suggests malicious intent or sabotage. The use of dynamic code generation and manipulation is typical for map rendering tools and does not inherently indicate malware or security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility for displaying and managing Folium maps in Streamlit applications. It does not contain any suspicious or malicious behavior, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. It mainly generates and manipulates map-related HTML/JavaScript code. There is no evidence of malware, data theft, or sabotage. The external resources are standard visualization libraries. Overall, the code appears safe from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}