{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to embed and render Folium maps within a Streamlit app, including handling of Leaflet map strings, feature groups, layer controls, and interaction callbacks.",
  "sources": "Data is read from Folium objects, their children, and the arguments passed to functions such as 'fig', 'layer_control', 'feature_group_to_add', etc. External scripts and CSS links are gathered from Folium elements.",
  "sinks": "The code generates HTML and JavaScript strings for rendering maps, and injects these into the frontend component via 'components.declare_component'. JavaScript snippets generated from Folium elements are included as part of the map rendering.",
  "flows": "Sources (Folium objects and arguments) are converted into HTML/JavaScript strings through functions like '_generate_leaflet_string' and 'generate_leaflet_string'. These strings are processed and passed into the '_component_func', which renders the map in the frontend. Interaction callbacks ('on_change') can trigger updates back to Streamlit's session state.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. There is a placeholder comment for setting '_RELEASE' which switches component loading, but no evidence of malicious intent. External scripts are standard libraries (d3.js). No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The function 'generate_js_hash' creates hashes from strings, but without malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a well-structured implementation for rendering Folium maps within Streamlit, including handling of dual maps, feature groups, layer controls, and interaction callbacks. The functions extract HTML and JavaScript from Folium objects, modify and embed them into a web component. The external dependencies (folium, branca, streamlit) are common for geospatial visualization. No code segments perform unauthorized data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious activities. The inclusion of script tags, CSS, and external libraries are standard for map rendering. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network requests are present. The code's behavior aligns with its stated purpose, with no signs of sabotage or malware. The hashing function is used for cache or identification purposes and does not pose security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for embedding Folium maps into a Streamlit app. It processes map objects, extracts their HTML and JavaScript representations, and renders them securely. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The overall security risk score is low, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}