{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for manipulating Python objects, including class and function introspection, dynamic importing, and object instantiation.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to functions such as class objects, function objects, object paths (strings), and general objects passed to utility functions.",
  "sinks": "Dynamic import via tornado_import_object, instantiation via constructors or class methods, and type checks on objects.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into functions like import_object (from string path to object), instantiate_object (from class/function to instance), and all_child_classes (from class to set of subclasses).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secret keys present. Use of import_object relies on external library (tornado), which is standard. No obfuscated code, no unusual dynamic code execution. The code performs standard introspection, import, and instantiation functions.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions for introspection, dynamic importing, and object instantiation. It uses standard Python libraries (inspect, logging) and external library (tornado.util) for import operations. No embedded network calls, system modifications, or data leaks are present. Functions like all_child_classes, full_object_name, import_object, instantiate_object, and is_lambda_function perform straightforward tasks such as class hierarchy traversal, name resolution, dynamic import, and object creation. Exception handling is present to catch import errors and instantiation issues, with custom error classes. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection.\n\nThe code appears to be a standard utility library intended for use within larger projects. It does not contain any suspicious or malicious code segments, nor does it perform any unauthorized actions.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of utility functions for class/function introspection, dynamic import, and object instantiation. It uses established Python techniques without any signs of malicious intent, obfuscation, or security risks. The code is safe and does not pose supply chain threats or malicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}