{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for class hierarchy exploration, object name resolution, dynamic import, object instantiation, and lambda detection, primarily for introspection and dynamic object handling.",
  "sources": "The functions read class objects (all_child_classes, full_object_name, is_lambda_function), string paths for import_object, and class/function objects for instantiate_object and related helpers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include dynamic import via tornado_import_object and object instantiation via _instantiate_class_object, which could execute arbitrary code if given untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Sources are class or function objects, or string paths; flows lead into dynamic import or instantiation functions, which execute code based on these inputs; no external data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code are present. The code is straightforward and uses standard Python introspection and dynamic import techniques.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of standard utility functions for class hierarchy traversal, name computation, dynamic import, and object instantiation. It relies on safe, well-understood Python modules and practices. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. The dynamic import and instantiation functions could be misused if supplied with malicious or untrusted inputs, but within this code, they are used as general utilities. The malware score is appropriately set to 0, reflecting no malicious activity. The risk score is low (around 0.1-0.4), acknowledging the inherent risks of dynamic code execution if misused, but no active threats are present. The code is clear, well-structured, and does not contain obfuscation. Overall, the code appears safe for use in trusted environments, with standard precautions for dynamic operations.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate, safe utility module for class introspection, dynamic import, and object creation. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The potential risks are inherent to dynamic import and execution but are not exploited here. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), assuming trusted inputs. Overall, the code is suitable for secure environments with standard input validation when used with untrusted data.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}