{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for class and object manipulation, such as retrieving subclasses, computing full object names, dynamic importing, and instantiation of classes or functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function arguments and uses standard library functions (inspect, importlib via tornado.util). No external untrusted data sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "Dynamic import via 'import_object', instantiation of classes or functions, and calling functions with arbitrary arguments.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., object paths, class references) flows into import_object and instantiate_object, which can dynamically execute code or instantiate objects. No external untrusted input is directly used as a source.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic import and instantiation which could be exploited if malicious data is supplied as input. No evidence of hardcoded secrets or backdoors. No suspicious obfuscation or hidden code detected. Usage of tornado.util.import_object is standard for dynamic imports.",
  "analysis": "The module implements various utility functions for class introspection and dynamic object handling, including fetching subclasses, constructing full object names, dynamic importing, and flexible instantiation. The dynamic import and instantiation functions could be vectors for malicious code execution if supplied with untrusted input. However, within this module, all inputs appear to be handled as parameters rather than external data. The code relies on standard Python features and external libraries for dynamic behavior, which are common and not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. No obfuscated code or malware indicators are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions intended for internal use in object management. No malicious behavior or malware appears present. The dynamic import and instantiation functionalities could pose security risks if misused with untrusted input, but in this context, no such input is directly exploited. Overall, the code is safe but should be used cautiously with untrusted data.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}