{
  "purpose": "Validation and filtering of resource identifiers, schemes, and URLs based on external registries and validators.",
  "sources": "Input parameter 'xfBfPxAzUirGtkUdEqjqXDVIOzBdypOm', external scheme registry functions, validator functions, and predefined scheme lists.",
  "sinks": "In-memory data structures such as 'INbsRcwyAkkjaLRfZBTtPUoTgeuwqcZN' during filtering and modification processes.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through validation functions, scheme checks, URL prefix matching, and filtering steps, ultimately resulting in a filtered list of schemes.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation of variable names, complex conditional filtering logic, reliance on external functions whose implementations are not provided.",
  "analysis": "The code performs validation and filtering of resource identifiers, schemes, and URLs. It uses obfuscated variable names, which raises suspicion but does not indicate malicious intent. The logic involves scheme validation, prefix checks, and filtering based on external scheme lists. No network activity, data exfiltration, or destructive actions are present. External dependencies are not provided, but the code itself appears to be a standard validation routine. Malware scores are correctly set to zero; obfuscation scores are moderate to high due to variable naming. Security risk scores are low, reflecting the absence of malicious behavior. The overall structure suggests a validation purpose, with obfuscation possibly for intellectual property protection or code minimization.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex validation and filtering routine with heavily obfuscated variable names. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The obfuscation warrants caution but does not imply malicious intent. The security risk is low, and the malware score should remain at 0. The obfuscation score can be considered around 0.6 to 0.8, consistent with the variable naming. Overall, the code appears legitimate, performing standard validation tasks, with obfuscation being the primary concern for maintainability and clarity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}