{
  "purpose": "Define abstract base classes and utility functions for dynamic models, interventions, and forecasting methods within the 'interfere' package, facilitating simulation, intervention, and modeling workflows.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function arguments such as 't', 'prior_states', 'prior_t', and external data passed to methods like 'fit' and 'predict'. No direct external data sources or network calls are present.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data could flow through method arguments, but the code primarily manipulates data internally. No external network communication, file I/O, or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments (e.g., 'prior_states', 't') through internal processing and into abstract methods '_simulate', '_fit', and '_predict', which are meant to be implemented by subclasses. No actual implementation is provided in this code.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for an abstract class setup. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are evident. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present. The presence of random number generator 'DEFAULT_RANGE' is benign, used for reproducibility.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured framework for modeling, intervention, and forecasting without implementing any executable logic itself. All critical functions are abstract and meant to be overridden. No network, file, or system-level actions are performed. The random number generator 'DEFAULT_RANGE' is used for stochastic processes but is a common pattern. No signs of malicious payloads, data exfiltration, or sabotage mechanisms are detected. The code is well-documented, and all functions serve legitimate modeling purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a standard, well-structured abstract base class setup for a modeling package, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It merely defines interfaces and helper functions for subclasses to implement specific behaviors. The security risk is minimal; the malware score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}