{
  "purpose": "This code defines abstract base classes and utility functions for modeling, intervention, and forecasting in a simulation framework, primarily for use in dynamic system analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments such as t, prior_states, prior_t, and intervention parameters; also imports numpy, pandas, and sklearn components.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain explicit data sinks that transmit untrusted data externally or perform destructive actions. No network, file, or system modification operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments (e.g., t, prior_states, intervention functions) into class methods like simulate, predict, and _simulate, _predict. These methods process data but do not send data externally or perform side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard Python features and well-structured abstract classes. No obfuscation, hidden code, or suspicious behavior detected. All imports are from known libraries. No network, file I/O, or external communication code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines abstract classes for dynamic models, interventions, and forecasting methods with comprehensive argument validation, input handling, and utility functions. It does not include any code that could perform malicious actions such as data exfiltration, remote control, or system modification. The methods serve as interfaces, delegating actual implementation to subclasses. No hardcoded secrets, unsafe code, or suspicious behavior are observed. The only notable aspect is the use of numpy's random number generator as a default source for randomness, which is standard and harmless in this context.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a well-structured set of abstract classes and utility functions for dynamic system modeling and forecasting. It contains no evidence of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. All code appears to be safe, legitimate, and intended for simulation and modeling purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}