{
  "purpose": "This code manages OAuth authentication flows, session handling, and user info retrieval within a web application, using obfuscated variable names for configuration and process control.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration settings (settings), request session data, query parameters, and environment variables (implicitly via settings).",
  "sinks": "The code writes tokens and user info into session storage, constructs URLs for redirects, and invokes OAuth authorization and token exchange methods, which could be exploited if manipulated.",
  "flows": "Input from request query parameters and session data flows into OAuth authorization and token exchange functions; configuration settings influence URL construction; session data is stored and retrieved for user info and tokens.",
  "anomalies": "The variable 'api_base_url' is used without being defined, which could cause runtime errors or be exploited if controlled. Variable naming is heavily obfuscated, reducing readability but not inherently malicious. URL validation is minimal, only checking for 'http://' or 'https://'.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard OAuth flows with session management, but obfuscated variable names hinder readability. The undefined 'api_base_url' is a significant defect that could lead to errors or potential exploitation if manipulated. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, or malicious behavior are present. The minimal URL validation and reliance on environment/configuration settings are typical but should be improved for robustness. The obfuscation appears superficial, likely for code concealment rather than malicious intent. Overall, the code appears legitimate but requires fixing the undefined variable and enhancing validation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard OAuth client implementation with no malicious activity detected. The primary concern is the undefined 'api_base_url', which could cause errors or be exploited. Obfuscation of variable names affects readability but does not imply malicious intent. The security risk is low, and malware likelihood is negligible. Addressing the undefined variable and improving URL validation would strengthen security.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}