{
  "purpose": "This code manages OAuth authentication flows and session handling for a web application using Starlette framework and authlib.",
  "sources": "Reading settings (settings.cZzLqjiephmRuzvIJBgxuNlIVyJFGkul), session data (request.session), request query parameters (request.query_params), and request input (request).",
  "sinks": "Storing tokens and user info in session, redirecting to OAuth endpoints, and retrieving user data from session.",
  "flows": "Inputs from settings, session, and request -> OAuth authorization and token exchange -> storing token and user info in session -> retrieving user info for authentication.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual variable names, dynamic URL construction with potential lack of validation, and use of session for storing sensitive data. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors. The code appears to follow standard OAuth flow patterns. No obfuscated code or malicious behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs OAuth authentication setup and handling, including registration of OAuth client, redirect handling, token exchange, and session management. It verifies the 'redirect_uri' parameter and session variables, and loads user info from the session. Variable naming is obfuscated but follows standard OAuth procedures. No signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, system tampering, or backdoors. The logic appears to be standard OAuth client code with session handling. No suspicious network communication or system modification code is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical OAuth authentication handler for a web application. It manages user sessions and OAuth flows without any indicators of malicious intent or security risks. The obfuscated variable names hinder readability but do not imply malicious behavior. Overall, it appears to be legitimate OAuth client code without malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}