{
  "purpose": "Customize version schemes for setuptools_scm to generate version strings based on Git metadata.",
  "sources": "Reads version information from the 'version' object passed to the scheme functions.",
  "sinks": "The 'print' statement outputs version info to stdout during build or install processes.",
  "flows": "Version object is processed in 'custom_version_scheme', and its string representation is printed, potentially exposing internal version details.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of a 'print' statement inside a version scheme function, which is unconventional for production code and may leak internal version info.",
  "analysis": "The code defines custom version schemes for setuptools_scm, with functions that process a 'version' object. The only unusual aspect is the 'print' statement in 'custom_version_scheme', which outputs version info. This does not constitute malicious behavior but could leak internal version details if logs are exposed. No hardcoded secrets, network activity, or malicious code are present. The code is straightforward and aligns with standard practices for version customization. The 'print' statement is likely a debugging artifact and should be replaced with proper logging or removed in production. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious intent. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear. The security risk score is low (~0.1), reflecting minor info leakage potential. Overall, the code is benign and secure, with only a minor concern about information leakage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard versioning customization script with a benign debug print statement. It does not contain malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities. The only issue is the potential leakage of internal version info via the print statement, which is not a security threat but should be cleaned up for production. The assigned scores of malware 0, obfuscated 0, and risk approximately 0.1 are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}