{
  "purpose": "These PowerShell templates are designed for managing Active Directory users, specifically adding a manager to a user and renaming a user account.",
  "sources": "The code reads input variables ({user_sam}, {manager_sam}, {new_name}) interpolated into command strings, which are used to generate PowerShell commands.",
  "sinks": "Potential command execution if input variables are untrusted and unsanitized, leading to command injection or unintended execution of malicious commands.",
  "flows": "Input variables are directly inserted into command strings; if untrusted, they can lead to injection when the commands are executed.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation, hardcoded credentials, or unusual code constructs. The only concern is the lack of input sanitization, which could be exploited.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of PowerShell command templates for Active Directory management. It accepts user-supplied variables and interpolates them into command strings without sanitization. No malicious payloads, obfuscation, or suspicious behaviors are present. The primary security concern is command injection if inputs are untrusted, which could lead to unauthorized modifications or disclosures. The code itself is benign and standard for administrative scripting, but improper handling of input variables could pose security risks. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious activity or payload. The obfuscated score is 0, given the clarity of the code. The security risk score is moderate (around 0.6) if inputs are untrusted and unsanitized, but in the current context, it is conservatively estimated at 0.2–0.4. Proper input validation and sanitization are recommended to mitigate injection risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard administrative PowerShell template for Active Directory user management. It does not contain malware or obfuscation. The main security concern is potential command injection if input variables are not sanitized before execution. The malware score is 0, and the obfuscated score is 0. The security risk score should be increased to approximately 0.6 if considering untrusted input scenarios, but currently remains around 0.2–0.4. Ensuring input validation is essential to prevent misuse.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}