{
  "purpose": "This code sets up an MCP server with functionalities to list tools, call tools, list prompts, and get prompts, using a plugin registry for dynamic behavior.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters such as 'name', 'arguments', and external modules like 'ToolRegistry', as well as streams from 'stdio_server'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of 'arguments' and 'name' parameters passed to functions that may influence tool execution or prompt retrieval, and the server's stream handling.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., 'name', 'arguments') from external sources flow into 'call_tool' and 'get_prompt' functions, which then invoke methods on plugin classes. The server then writes responses to streams.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious domain connections, or unusual code behaviors are evident. The code uses standard asynchronous server setup and plugin registration. No obfuscated code or malicious constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports modules for plugin management and server operation, defines asynchronous functions for listing tools/prompts and invoking them based on input parameters. It uses a registry pattern to dynamically fetch classes and execute methods, with input parameters controlling behavior. The stream setup and server run process are standard. No indications of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads are observed. The functions operate within a typical plugin server framework, and all external data is handled via well-defined parameters. No suspicious behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or external network operations are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a plugin-based MCP server, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It dynamically manages tools and prompts securely within the expected framework. Overall, it is a standard server setup with plugin registration and execution, with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}