{
  "purpose": "This code sets up an asynchronous MCP server with capabilities to list tools, call tools, list prompts, and get prompts, facilitating communication with various tool and prompt classes registered via ToolRegistry.",
  "sources": "Data sources include ToolRegistry.get_all_tool_classes(), ToolRegistry.get_tool_class(name), ToolRegistry.get_all_prompt_classes(), ToolRegistry.get_prompt_class(name), and function arguments for server methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include returning tool execution results, prompts, and error messages that could be displayed or logged. There are no evident data outputs that send data externally or over networks directly in this snippet.",
  "flows": "Data flows from ToolRegistry or prompt class methods to server response functions. User inputs (via arguments) are used to invoke methods like execute_tool() and execute_prompt(). The results are returned directly to the caller, with no evident external data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward and standard for setting up a server with plugin registration and invocation. No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or suspicious behaviors are evident. No obfuscated code, malicious backdoors, or unusual logic are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines server-side async functions for listing tools/prompts and executing them based on registered classes in ToolRegistry. It uses standard async context management with stdio_server, indicating communication via standard input/output streams. There are no signs of data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or backdoors. It operates as a typical plugin-based server framework. All inputs are through function parameters, and outputs are structured responses, with no risky operations or suspicious data handling evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate plugin server implementation, registering and invoking tools and prompts. There are no signs of malicious behavior, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code. It functions as an expected server setup for tool/prompt management, with no immediate security concerns based on this snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}