{
  "purpose": "Configure a Python package setup, reading README and executing version info.",
  "sources": "Reading README.md, executing 'emoaccess/version.py' via exec()",
  "sinks": "exec() call on 'version.py' which can execute arbitrary code if compromised",
  "flows": "Reading 'version.py' content and executing it during setup",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on external file, obfuscated variable names",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard setup configuration but contains a potentially dangerous pattern: executing 'version.py' via exec(). This allows arbitrary code execution if 'version.py' is malicious or tampered with. Variable names are obfuscated, which could be an attempt to conceal malicious intent but may also be stylistic. Dependencies are standard and do not indicate malicious activity. The main security concern is the dynamic execution of external code during setup, which could be exploited in supply chain attacks. No network activity or malicious payloads are present. The obfuscation adds suspicion but is not conclusive. The malware score is low (around 0.1-0.3), reflecting no confirmed malicious activity but acknowledging the risk vector. The security risk score should be moderate (around 0.4-0.6), considering the potential for malicious code execution if 'version.py' is compromised. Variable obfuscation scores are moderate to high, depending on the degree of obscurity. Overall, the pattern is risky but not inherently malicious if the source is trusted. The best practice is to avoid executing external code during setup, replacing exec() with direct imports or reading version info safely.",
  "conclusion": "The code's primary risk stems from the use of exec() on 'version.py', which could execute malicious code if the file is compromised. No direct malicious activity is observed, but the pattern is a supply chain vulnerability. Obfuscation raises suspicion but is not definitive. The scores should reflect moderate risk, low malware likelihood, and high caution due to the exec() pattern.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}