{
  "purpose": "The code provides helper functions to create dictionaries for Aerospike expression read and write operations, facilitating expression-based data manipulation within Aerospike.",
  "sources": "The code imports the 'aerospike' module and 'resources' from 'aerospike_helpers.expressions'. It does not read external input or data sources directly.",
  "sinks": "The functions produce dictionaries for Aerospike operations which are passed to the Aerospike client. No direct untrusted data sinks or external network operations are present within this code.",
  "flows": "The functions generate operation dictionaries based on parameters, which are then used by Aerospike client methods to perform data operations. There are no complex data flows involving untrusted sources within this code.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward with standard helper functions. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or unusual behaviors are evident. The code is well-commented and uses standard Aerospike APIs.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two functions: 'expression_read' and 'expression_write'. Both create dictionaries that specify expression-based operations for Aerospike. These functions accept parameters like bin names, expressions, and flags, then assemble them into dictionaries with predefined keys. No user input or external data sources are processed directly; the code relies on provided parameters, presumably from trusted sources. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security risks such as data leakage, code injection, or network communications. The code appears to be a standard helper module intended to facilitate Aerospike operations.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign helper module for Aerospike expression operations. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior, nor does it pose security risks. It simply constructs dictionaries for use with the Aerospike client, following standard API patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}