{
  "purpose": "Setup script for a Python package, configuring dependencies, package metadata, and code style checks.",
  "sources": "Importing 'package_info' module, reading multiple requirements files, reading README.md, defining setup parameters, and subprocess calls for code style checks.",
  "sinks": "Subprocess calls for code style checkers (isort, black), reading from multiple requirements files, importing potentially external package info module.",
  "flows": "Imports package_info → accesses its attributes → loads requirements files → performs subprocess calls for style checks.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs dynamic import of 'package_info' from a relative path, which could be manipulated if the package is compromised; subprocess calls for code style checks could be exploited if command inputs are tampered with (though currently fixed). The code does not handle user input directly; all file paths are hardcoded or predefined. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are evident. No network or external data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily handles setup configuration, dependency loading, and code style checking. It imports package metadata dynamically, which, if the package or 'nemo/package_info.py' is malicious or tampered, could expose sensitive info or execute malicious code. The subprocess calls for 'isort' and 'black' are standard and do not process user input, reducing risk. All other operations involve reading local files and setting up package data. No malicious actions, data exfiltration, or backdoors are detected. No obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or malicious behaviors are apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured setup script with no evident malicious intent. The dynamic import of 'package_info' warrants caution if the source is compromised, but in a typical scenario, this is a normal pattern. No malware signals or security risks are detected based on this code. Overall, the script is safe but depends on the integrity of the 'nemo/package_info.py' file.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}