{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for nucleotide and amino acid sequence manipulation, translation, complement, normalization, and conversion between different amino acid code formats, primarily for bioinformatics analyses.",
  "sources": "Input sequences for amino acids or nucleotides provided as function arguments; sequence transformations such as complement, reverse, and translation functions read the sequences.",
  "sinks": "Sequence outputs after processing; no data is sent over the network or written to files within this code.",
  "flows": "Input sequences are read by functions like aa_to_aa1, complement, reverse_complement, translate_cds, etc., processed internally, and results are returned. No external data flow to network or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or unusual behavior detected. The code employs standard bioinformatics sequence processing techniques, with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises well-defined sequence manipulation functions, including amino acid conversions, sequence complement, reverse complement, normalization, elision, and translation. It uses standard data structures and methods, with safe translation tables and string operations. The translation function utilizes lookup tables for codon-to-amino acid mappings and handles ambiguous codons gracefully. No malicious code, external data fetching, or harmful behaviors are present. The inclusion of licensing comments does not impact security. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate bioinformatics utility module with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward, standard bioinformatics utility library for sequence processing with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It safely implements sequence conversions, complements, and translation functions. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}