{
  "purpose": "The code provides a class for propagating uncertainty in a scalar function based on input variables and their covariance, with options for Monte Carlo sampling and delta method analysis, including plotting functionalities.",
  "sources": "Reads input variables 'x', 'cov_matrix', and parameters during class initialization; uses 'func' for function evaluations; reads data from Monte Carlo samples generated internally.",
  "sinks": "Outputs plots saved to files, print statements, and return values for confidence bands and distributions. No external data transmission observed.",
  "flows": "Input 'x' and 'cov_matrix' flow into Monte Carlo sampling or gradient calculation; samples and function evaluations flow into distribution plotting and uncertainty estimation; results are output as plots and numerical summaries.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. Use of standard scientific libraries (numpy, scipy, matplotlib, seaborn) without unusual or obfuscated constructs. No dynamic code execution or hidden behaviors identified. The only potential concern is the use of print statements and sys.exit() for error handling, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for uncertainty quantification with methods for sampling, plotting, and confidence interval calculation. It employs common scientific libraries with straightforward logic. Error handling relies on print and sys.exit(), which is typical. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection. All functions serve legitimate scientific purposes. The code structure is clear, and there are no obfuscated elements or suspicious code flows. Overall, the code appears to be a standard scientific utility with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a scientific utility for uncertainty analysis with plotting and statistical methods. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activities. It adheres to standard practices and uses common libraries without obfuscation or hidden functionalities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}