{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python class 'uncert_prop' for uncertainty propagation analysis using methods like delta and Monte Carlo, including visualization and statistical functions.",
  "sources": "Input parameters include 'func' (a callable function), 'x' (array of variables), and optional 'cov_matrix'. Data is generated from multivariate normal distributions within methods like x_MC_samples().",
  "sinks": "Generated data from Monte Carlo sampling can be plotted, but there are no sinks that send data externally or perform insecure actions. No untrusted data is sent over networks or stored insecurely.",
  "flows": "Samples are generated via multivariate normal distribution (source), then function evaluations are performed on these samples (sink). Visualization functions plot the distributions but do not transmit data externally.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors observed. The code primarily performs statistical computations and plotting, with standard use of libraries and no hardcoded secrets or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a class for uncertainty analysis with standard statistical methods. It uses numpy, scipy, and matplotlib for calculations and visualization. The Monte Carlo sampling is correctly implemented with caching for efficiency. The plotting functions are typical and do not include malicious code. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. The code does not perform any network communication, system modifications, or data exfiltration. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate scientific utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard scientific uncertainty propagation utility with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It securely performs statistical sampling, analysis, and visualization for uncertainty quantification. No malicious signals or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}