{
  "purpose": "This code appears to generate and return various URL-like strings based on input parameters related to report types, frequency, and countries. It likely supports a reporting or data retrieval system.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters: 'frequency', 'report_type', and 'country'. It also accesses dictionaries and constants for control flow and data lookup.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the return statements that output dictionaries containing formatted URL strings, possibly for network requests or data access.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('frequency', 'report_type', 'country') influence the selection and construction of URL strings in various dictionary return blocks. The flow is from input to dictionary selection, then to string formatting, and finally to output.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious network activity are present. Variable names are obfuscated, but that alone does not indicate malicious intent. The URL strings are static templates, with country codes and frequencies inserted, typical for a data API client.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several string literal types and constants for report frequencies, report types, and country codes. The function 'AEtydKSNaDrQMfcpxOpjlRyfsrETxfjk' takes parameters and returns dictionaries with formatted URL-like strings based on these inputs. The dictionaries include multiple keys with URLs that embed variables such as country codes and frequency. No dynamic code execution, network operations, or data exfiltration logic is present. The variable and function names are obfuscated, but the logic appears to be static URL template management, which is common in data access modules.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static URL template generator based on input parameters. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. It appears to be part of a data fetching or reporting system with obfuscated naming but no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}