{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate specific financial report identifiers based on input parameters such as report frequency, report type, and country.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters: 'frequency', 'report_type', and 'country'. It also accesses several predefined dictionaries and constants for mapping report types and country codes.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs and returns dictionaries with strings formatted as financial report identifiers. No direct data leaks or unsafe operations are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are validated and used to select and generate report ID dictionaries, which are then returned.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated variable names and lengthy, complex string formatting for report identifiers, which could be considered suspicious. There is no clear external network or file I/O. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. Usage of undefined variables like 'BPS_COUNTRIES_DICT' and 'freq' indicates incomplete or external dependencies, but these are likely intended constants.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple 'Literal' types for valid input options, indicating controlled inputs. It contains a main function that generates and returns dictionaries based on input parameters. The dictionaries contain string templates for financial report codes, with some variables (like 'freq' and 'BPS_COUNTRIES_DICT') seemingly external or defined elsewhere. The complex string constructions and obfuscated variable names might be designed to hide intent, but they do not show signs of malicious activity such as network access, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code's complexity appears to serve the purpose of dynamically generating report identifiers based on parameters, with no immediate malicious indicators. The lack of actual network or system manipulation suggests low malware risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is obfuscated in variable naming and string formatting but primarily functions to generate report ID dictionaries based on parameters. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data leakage. It appears to be a legitimate, albeit complex, data processing utility within a financial context.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}