{
  "purpose": "The function AEtydKSNaDrQMfcpxOpjlRyfsrETxfjk generates report-specific URL strings based on input parameters such as frequency, report type, and country. It appears to be a data retrieval or configuration utility within a larger system.",
  "sources": "Inputs are received from function parameters: 'frequency', 'report_type', and 'country'. The code also references several dictionaries containing static data, which are hardcoded within the script.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs URL strings that likely are used to fetch data or report information from external sources or APIs. These URLs include dynamic segments based on input parameters and predefined dictionary mappings.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are validated and used to select and format strings that form URLs. These URLs are then returned by the function, potentially for use in network requests or data access operations.",
  "anomalies": "The URL strings embed variables such as report types, country codes, and frequencies, but there are no obvious signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or data exfiltration. No network activity or data leaks are directly observed. The code relies solely on static data and string formatting.",
  "analysis": "The script contains multiple dictionaries with hardcoded URL templates containing placeholders for parameters. The function performs straightforward conditional logic to select and format these URLs based on input parameters. There are no indications of dynamic code execution, data exfiltration, or external command invocation. The data appears to be static configuration data for report URL generation. No hardcoded credentials, network connections, or suspicious behavior is present. The naming appears intentionally obscure, but this alone does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static URL template generator used to produce report access URLs based on input parameters. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data transmission. The obfuscation appears superficial and is likely intended to conceal implementation details rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}