{
  "purpose": "The function appears to generate and return specific report configuration strings based on input parameters such as report type, frequency, and country.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters: 'frequency', 'report_type', and 'country'. It also accesses predefined dictionaries for country codes and report-specific URL templates.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs and returns dictionaries containing string templates that include country codes and report parameters. No direct sinks like network calls, file writes, or command executions are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to select and build dictionaries with string templates. These templates are returned directly; no data is transmitted externally or processed in a way that leads to potential vulnerabilities.",
  "anomalies": "The variable names are obfuscated, which may be an anomaly. The dictionaries contain lengthy string templates with URL-like structures, some with URL-encoded parts and unusual naming conventions. There are references to possibly undefined variables like 'BPS_COUNTRIES_DICT', suggesting incomplete code context.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines constants and a function that generates dictionaries of string templates based on input parameters. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The obfuscated variable names and URL-like strings might be considered suspicious in some contexts but do not inherently indicate malicious intent. The code appears to be configuration or data mapping logic with no evident malicious functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a data mapping utility that constructs report configuration strings based on parameters. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected. The obfuscation is a minor anomaly but not malicious. Overall, the code is benign and appears to be part of a larger application for report generation.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}