{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to facilitate a research assistant system that performs web searches, summarizes results, and generates detailed reports based on user queries.",
  "sources": "Reads user input via command-line arguments, and retrieves API keys through command-line input; interacts with external modules and services (FastMCP server, OpenAI API, web search tools).",
  "sinks": "Potentially sends user queries and search results to external services (OpenAI API, web search tool), and outputs generated reports. No direct data leaks or credential theft observed.",
  "flows": "User provides API key and query; query triggers search plan generation; searches are performed and results collected; results are summarized into a report; report is returned. External API interactions are based on provided inputs.",
  "anomalies": "API key is provided via command-line argument, which is standard. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected within the code. Usage of external services appears typical. No unusual code constructs or obfuscated logic are present.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a web research workflow using asynchronous Python functions, involving planning searches, executing them, and generating reports. The code handles external service interactions via imported modules (e.g., Runner, OpenAI). API keys are supplied at runtime. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or malicious network activity are evident. The structure and logic appear aligned with legitimate research automation purposes. No suspicious patterns, hardcoded credentials (beyond the placeholder API key), or obfuscated code are present. The overall flow is straightforward, and all external interactions are standard for an AI-assisted research tool.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate research automation script that integrates web search, summarization, and report generation functions. There are no signs of malicious intent, data theft, backdoors, or sabotage. It operates as expected for a research assistant system with open API integrations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}