{
  "purpose": "This code implements a research assistant system that performs web searches, summarizes results, and generates detailed reports in markdown format based on user queries.",
  "sources": "The code reads user input for the main query, API keys from command-line arguments, and performs web searches through external agents. It also initializes the OpenAI API client with an API key provided at runtime.",
  "sinks": "The code sends data to external web services via the Runner.run() method, including search queries, search results, and report generation prompts. It also initializes an OpenAI client that interacts with external AI services.",
  "flows": "User input query -> _plan_searches() via Runner.run() -> _perform_searches() with multiple async tasks -> _write_report() with the aggregated search results -> final report returned to user; External API key flows from command-line argument to API client initialization.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present; API keys are provided at runtime via command-line arguments. All external interactions are through well-defined APIs. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution is observed. The code relies on external tools and models but does not perform any unusual or unauthorized actions.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a research automation tool, utilizing external AI models and web search tools. It securely receives the API key at runtime, avoiding hardcoding sensitive credentials. External calls are made through controlled APIs, with proper asynchronous handling. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, backdoors, or harmful activities is detected. The overall structure and behavior align with legitimate research support functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate research assistant system designed for web searches and report generation. It does not contain malicious or sabotage code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious behaviors. It securely interacts with external APIs and performs its intended functions without evident security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}