{
  "purpose": "This code provides type definitions and data structures for the AWS Transcribe service SDK, facilitating type-safe interactions with the service API.",
  "sources": "Type annotations, import statements, and data structure definitions, including constants, class definitions, and union types.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points include data serialization for network transmission, particularly in functions that prepare or handle request/response payloads. No direct data leakage or external network connections are visible in the code provided.",
  "flows": "Data flows are primarily within type definitions where input data (e.g., request parameters) are assigned to structured types, and responses are mapped to output types. No malicious flow or external command execution is observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. The code strictly defines data types and does not include executable logic beyond type annotations. No obfuscated or misleading code features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of type definitions for AWS SDK for Python (boto3) related to the Transcribe service. It includes class definitions with typed fields, union types, and conditional imports based on Python version. The code appears to follow standard practices for type-safe SDK design, with no suspicious or malicious constructs. It primarily facilitates data validation and structured communication with AWS services. There are no signs of code injection, hidden backdoors, or malicious network activities. The functions are only data containers with no executable logic.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign, auto-generated type definition module for AWS Transcribe SDK. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. Its sole purpose is to provide accurate type annotations for client code, enhancing developer experience and type safety.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}