{
  "purpose": "This code implements a comprehensive set of unit tests for the SPARQLWrapper library, testing various SPARQL query types, formats, and HTTP methods against a remote endpoint.",
  "sources": "The code reads static SPARQL query strings defined within the script; it does not accept external or untrusted input at runtime.",
  "sinks": "The code sends queries via HTTP requests to a public SPARQL endpoint (https://live.dbpedia.org/sparql). It processes responses but does not incorporate untrusted data into code execution or system commands.",
  "flows": "The code constructs queries and sends them over network requests; responses are processed and converted into different formats. No untrusted data flows into system commands or sensitive areas.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard test suite for the library, with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. There are multiple skipped tests indicating expected endpoint behavior. The import statements and function calls are straightforward, with no obfuscated or dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily consists of static test cases for the SPARQLWrapper library, targeting a well-known public endpoint (DBpedia). It includes numerous test functions for different query formats and HTTP methods, with some tests skipped due to endpoint restrictions. No dynamic code execution, input from untrusted sources, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code uses standard libraries and test patterns. There are no indications of malicious code, such as data theft, remote code execution, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, structured test suite for verifying the correct behavior of a SPARQL client library. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage. It mainly performs network requests to a trusted public endpoint, with no evidence of supply chain attacks, backdoors, or harmful code segments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}