{
  "purpose": "The code provides a library for date and time operations, including holiday calculations, business day determinations, and timezone differences, primarily for automation testing frameworks like Robot Framework.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include date strings, lists of dates, country codes, and timezone identifiers used in various method parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are methods that format or parse date strings, especially in methods like create_time, time_difference, and return_previous_business_day, which handle external date inputs and produce formatted date outputs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (date strings, lists, country codes) through parsing and processing functions, especially involving date parsing (pendulum.parse, from_format), holiday lookup (holidays library), and timezone calculations, leading to formatted date strings or boolean evaluations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. Usage of external libraries (pendulum, holidays) appears standard. Exception handling is appropriately used for date parsing. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code mainly performs date calculations and holiday logic. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive date handling library designed for automation testing with Robot Framework. It uses established libraries (pendulum for date/time, holidays for holiday data) with proper exception handling and parameter validation. The methods involve standard date calculations, parsing, and formatting. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network connections, data theft, or backdoors. The library's functions align with typical date/time utilities and do not perform any suspicious or harmful operations. Overall, the code appears clean and intentionally designed for legitimate date and holiday operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate date/time utility library without any malicious or sabotage behavior. It relies on standard third-party libraries for its functions. No malicious signals or anomalies are present, and the code is safe for use in production environments. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}