{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom exception classes and helpers for handling errors, warnings, and configuration issues within the Anymail package, which integrates email sending via different ESPs into Django projects.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data (e.g., backend, esp_name), exception parameters, and response data from HTTP responses and traceback information.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data such as error messages, HTTP response content, response reasons, and traceback details could be exposed or logged if mishandled. However, no explicit data leaks are present in the code itself.",
  "flows": "Exceptions are raised with context about HTTP responses, traceback, or configuration issues; error details can propagate through the exception hierarchy. There is no flow of untrusted input to critical sinks like network or file systems.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns are evident. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The class structure and method implementations follow standard patterns. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly defines custom exception classes for error handling and warning signaling in the context of email sending via ESPs within Django. It captures error details, formats responses, and provides user-friendly messages. The design appears standard and secure, with no signs of malicious behavior. No data leaks, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The only potential concern could be if exceptions inadvertently expose sensitive data through logs or error messages, but this is outside the code's scope.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of error and warning classes for the Anymail package, with no malicious intent or security risks evident. It does not contain backdoors, malware, or insecure practices. Overall, it appears safe and well-structured.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}