{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for analyzing Python AST nodes to extract metadata about functions and arguments, particularly for static analysis or linting purposes related to annotations and decorators.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from AST nodes such as ast.FunctionDef, ast.AsyncFunctionDef, ast.ClassDef, and their attributes like decorator_list, args, returns, and type_comment.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write or send data to external systems or untrusted sources. It processes AST nodes internally without executing or transmitting data.",
  "flows": "Input source: AST node attributes (e.g., function arguments, decorators, return annotations). Output: Constructed Function and Argument objects with metadata. No external data flows or untrusted data processing is present.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be purely static AST analysis with no code execution, dynamic data handling, or suspicious code injection points. No hardcoded secrets or unusual behaviors are detected. The code's purpose is to analyze AST nodes, not to execute or manipulate data outside static analysis.",
  "analysis": "The script constructs detailed representations of functions and arguments based on AST parsing, including their annotations and decorators. It includes helper functions for identifying function types, decorator types, and source code locations. The use of static methods and class structures is standard for AST processing. No code executes external commands, network requests, or manipulates system files. The code does not contain obfuscated constructs or hidden behaviors. It is a clean, static analysis tool component, focused on extracting metadata from Python code. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a static analysis utility designed to parse Python AST nodes for function and argument metadata. It does not perform any malicious or suspicious actions. It is safe and intended for code quality and security analysis purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}