{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes and functions for analyzing Python ASTs, particularly to extract and analyze function and argument metadata, including annotations and decorators, for static code analysis or linting purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads Python AST nodes, source code lines, and attributes of AST nodes such as decorator lists, argument annotations, and function definitions.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks for untrusted data or malicious payloads. No network, file system, or system command operations are present.",
  "flows": "The code flows from AST node parsing to creating Function and Argument objects, with specific focus on decorators, annotations, and function arguments. No data flows from external untrusted sources to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. The code appears to be a straightforward static analysis tool. There is no obfuscated code, no dynamic execution, and no suspicious string manipulations or network operations.",
  "analysis": "The script defines classes and visitors to analyze Python source code's AST for functions and arguments, focusing on type annotations, decorators, and function metadata. It uses the 'ast' module to parse source code and extract function definitions, their arguments, decorators, and annotations. The classes are well-structured, and methods perform logical, standard static analysis operations such as identifying decorators, checking for type annotations, and tracking nested functions and class methods. No code performs malicious actions or external communications. All operations are related to code introspection and static analysis. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior in the provided code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static analysis utility for Python ASTs to extract function and argument metadata. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data handling. It is safe and intended for use in code quality or security tooling. No malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}