{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for handling HTTP responses, constructing API request URLs, validating authentication credentials, and downloading files from URLs.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include response objects (for status and JSON data), function parameters (such as dataid, content_type, username, password, access_token, url, local_filename), and constants imported from other modules.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include raising exceptions with detailed messages, writing downloaded data directly to files, and constructing URLs for API requests. The code writes data to files and raises exceptions based on input validation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters or response objects into URL formatting functions, authentication validation, or file output. For example, responses from requests are checked and may trigger exceptions; URL functions build request paths based on inputs; download_file streams data into local files.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are evident. The functions perform standard validation, URL formatting, and file download tasks. Exception messages are clear and not obfuscated. No obfuscated code or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard utility operations for API interaction and file handling, with proper error handling and validation. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The functions are straightforward, and all data flows appear legitimate. The download_file function downloads data directly to a specified local path without any suspicious modifications or obfuscation. The authentication validation enforces mutually exclusive authentication methods, which is standard practice. Overall, the code is safe with no security risks or malware signals detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for handling API responses, URL formatting, authentication validation, and file downloading. It performs standard operations with proper error handling and input validation. There are no signs of malicious intent or security risks in this code segment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}