{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate, serialize, convert, and handle RSA keys for cryptographic operations, including format conversions and key serialization for private and public keys.",
  "sources": "The code reads key format data from string literals (e.g., 'PRIVATE', 'PUBLIC') and inputs such as PEM or DER formatted key bytes. It also takes parameters for key generation such as bit strength and password.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs serialized key data in various formats (PEM, DER, OpenSSH). It may return private keys, public keys, or convert key formats, which could be sensitive if misused but are standard cryptographic operations.",
  "flows": "Sources include key format strings and input byte data. Sinks are the serialization and format conversion functions which output key bytes. Data flows from input to processing functions and then to output without external network interaction.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are present. The code follows standard cryptographic procedures for key management and serialization without obfuscation or suspicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for RSA key generation and serialization in different formats, including PEM, DER, and OpenSSH. It performs format conversions and handles encryption for private keys. The code adheres to proper cryptographic library usage and does not perform any network operations, data exfiltration, or system modifications. No anomalies, malicious logic, or obfuscation is observed. The functions are standard for cryptographic key handling, and there are no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate cryptographic utility functions for key management, with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is well-structured and uses standard practices for handling RSA keys.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}