{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for resource URL parsing, header creation, ID extraction, and encoding/decoding for Azure Cosmos DB SDK operations. It facilitates constructing request headers, parsing resource links, and generating identifiers.",
  "sources": "Resource links, options dictionaries, external modules for authorization, and input parameters such as resource IDs and media IDs.",
  "sinks": "Header dictionaries where authorization tokens, session tokens, and other request headers are set; resource link and ID extraction functions that process untrusted input strings.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (resource links, options) are processed through validation and string manipulation functions, leading to header construction and resource ID extraction, with encoding/decoding routines handling untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "The only minor point is the `DecodeBase64String` function replacing '-' with '/' before decoding, which is a known pattern for certain backend IDs but could cause errors if inputs are malformed. No malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of standard SDK utility functions for URL parsing, header generation, resource ID extraction, and encoding. It handles untrusted inputs cautiously with validation and string operations. No hardcoded secrets, malicious network activity, or obfuscation techniques are detected. The functions like `GetHeaders`, `GetResourceIdOrFullNameFromLink`, and `DecodeBase64String` perform expected, safe operations. The use of external modules for authorization and session management is typical. The overall structure is clear, and the logic aligns with standard SDK practices. The minor concern about input handling does not translate into security risks or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of standard, benign SDK utility functions for Azure Cosmos DB, with no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or sabotage. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: 0.2) are appropriate and consistent with the code's nature. The overall security posture is safe, and the code can be considered trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}