{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for interacting with Azure Cosmos DB, including generating headers, parsing resource links, and encoding/decoding IDs.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for functions such as options, resource links, media IDs, and client configuration; external library functions.",
  "sinks": "Authorization headers, session tokens, resource identifiers, and HTTP headers that could be used in HTTP requests to Cosmos DB.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (source) are processed through functions to produce HTTP headers, resource IDs, or URL components (sink), with data transformations and conditional logic in between.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution observed. The code appears to perform standard URL and resource ID manipulations, with normal encoding/decoding procedures. No unusual or unnecessary dynamic eval or exec usage. No embedded malicious network connections or data exfiltration code.",
  "analysis": "The code implements typical SDK utility functions for resource link parsing, header construction, and encoding/decoding. It handles input validation and string processing securely, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious logic. The authorization header generation depends on external auth module, which may involve sensitive credentials, but the code itself doesn't include hardcoded secrets. Functions like GenerateGuidId, DecodeBase64String, and GetAttachmentIdFromMediaId perform standard operations. No suspicious data flows or external calls are directly embedded. Overall, it looks like a standard SDK support code with proper validation and safe string handling.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be legitimate SDK utility functions for Cosmos DB operations with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles URL parsing, header construction, and encoding tasks securely and transparently. No malicious signals or backdoors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}