{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for managing arrays of dictionaries, data transformation, and file I/O operations, particularly exporting data to CSV formats using pandas and polars.",
  "sources": "Reads include file operations (writing CSV files), and access to data structures passed as arguments (e.g., aod, dic). There are no explicit external input sources like network, user input, or environment variables.",
  "sinks": "File writing functions (to_csv_with_pd, to_csv_with_pl, to_csv_with_dictwriterows) which output data to disk. No other notable sinks that handle untrusted data in a harmful manner.",
  "flows": "Data flows from data structures (aod, dic, etc.) through transformation functions, ultimately to file output functions. No network transmission, system commands, or other potentially malicious sinks are present.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies indicative of malicious or obfuscated code. The code appears standard, with detailed utility functions and structured data handling. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of static utility classes and functions for manipulating lists of dictionaries, merging, filtering, converting to various formats, and exporting data to CSV. The code does not include any network operations, system commands, or environmental manipulations. Function calls and data transformations are straightforward, with proper exception handling in some methods. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior are present. The usage of external libraries (pandas, polars, csv) is standard. The code’s structure and logic are typical for data processing utilities, with no obfuscated patterns or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate data utility library designed for manipulating and exporting data. There are no indications of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware embedded within this code segment. It is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}