{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for managing collections of dictionaries, including merging, transforming, and exporting data, primarily for data processing tasks.",
  "sources": "Data is read from in-memory structures such as lists and dictionaries. No external data sources or untrusted inputs are explicitly read in this code.",
  "sinks": "Data can be exported to CSV files via functions like to_csv_with_dictwriterows, to_csv_with_pd, and to_csv_with_pl. These involve writing files but do not indicate malicious behavior.",
  "flows": "Data flows involve in-memory operations on dictionaries and lists, then output to files. No network operations, system commands, or external calls are present that could transfer untrusted data or perform malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The code is structured as a utility module with standard data handling functions. The use of traceback for error logging is typical. There is a commented-out code section related to Excel file writing, but it's inactive.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a collection of static and class methods for handling collections of dictionaries, merging, transforming, and exporting data to CSV formats. It includes functions for splitting data based on key values, converting to different formats, and merging datasets with various strategies. Logging is used for error reporting, but no external or untrusted input is processed directly. No network or system commands are invoked, and there are no indications of malicious intent or backdoors. The functions serve typical data processing roles with clear, straightforward logic.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard utility library for managing collections of dictionaries and exporting data, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It is well-structured and adheres to common programming practices for data handling. No malicious signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}