{
  "purpose": "Implementation of a WebSocket protocol server-side handler for handshake and message processing.",
  "sources": "HTTP headers (HTTP_CONNECTION, HTTP_UPGRADE, HTTP_ORIGIN, HTTP_SEC_WEBSOCKET_PROTOCOL, HTTP_SEC_WEBSOCKET_KEY1, HTTP_SEC_WEBSOCKET_KEY2), rfile.read() for challenge and message payloads.",
  "sinks": "socket.sendall() for responses and data, rfile.read() for input data.",
  "flows": "HTTP headers are read to establish protocol details; key values are processed to generate a challenge; messages are read from rfile and sent via socket.sendall; data flows from untrusted input (headers, rfile) to socket output.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or suspicious variable names. Use of deprecated or version-specific WebSocket headers, but these are part of protocol implementation. No hardcoded secrets or credentials. Use of 'self.websocket' in one branch appears to be an error or typo, but does not impact security directly. No malicious payloads or backdoors evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements WebSocket handshake and messaging according to an older draft protocol, with processing of headers and challenge-response via MD5 hash. It reads input from HTTP headers and rfile, writes responses to socket, and handles message framing and decoding. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or external network connections are present. The code does not perform any malicious actions such as data exfiltration, command execution, or system modification. Some minor issues include potential exceptions if headers are missing and a probable typo referencing 'self.websocket', but these do not introduce security risks. Overall, the code is a standard, protocol-compliant implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical WebSocket protocol handler implementing handshake and message framing. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are detected. It is a straightforward implementation with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}