{
  "purpose": "Implementation of a WebSocket server handling protocol handshake, message sending, receiving, and connection management.",
  "sources": "HTTP headers (e.g., HTTP_ORIGIN, HTTP_SEC_WEBSOCKET_KEY1, HTTP_SEC_WEBSOCKET_KEY2), rfile.read() for challenge and message data, socket.sendall() for sending data.",
  "sinks": "socket.sendall() for transmitting handshake responses, challenge responses, and messages; rfile.read() for receiving message data and challenge data.",
  "flows": "HTTP headers are read during initialization and handshake; key values are processed for challenge; messages are sent via socket.sendall(); incoming frames are read from rfile, decoded, and returned.",
  "anomalies": "Code does not contain hardcoded credentials or suspicious hardcoded data. Use of eval or exec is absent. No obfuscated or overly complex code structures. The code handles WebSocket handshake and data transmission without evident malicious manipulation. No data exfiltration or network connections to suspicious domains are present. However, some minor inconsistencies such as potential for denial of service if rfile.read() is manipulated or delayed, and the lack of explicit validation of the origin URL beyond basic header checks.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard WebSocket protocol procedures, including handshake with support for different protocol versions, message framing, and connection management. It processes headers, manages message framing, and handles connection closure. No signs of code injection, backdoors, or malicious data handling are detected. The code relies on standard Python modules and performs expected actions for a WebSocket server implementation. There are no suspicious network connections, data leaks, or malicious payloads observed. The only potential concern is the absence of comprehensive validation of the origin URL, but this does not constitute malicious behavior per se.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward WebSocket server implementation with no evidence of malicious intent or security sabotage. It correctly handles handshake, message framing, and connection management. No malware or security risks are evident in this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}