{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebSocket protocol handler supporting draft versions from 75 and 76, managing handshakes, message framing, and data transmission.",
  "sources": "HTTP headers (e.g., HTTP_ORIGIN, HTTP_SEC_WEBSOCKET_KEY1, HTTP_SEC_WEBSOCKET_KEY2), rfile (for reading data), socket (for sending/receiving data).",
  "sinks": "socket.sendall (sending data), rfile.read (reading data), md5 digest (processing challenge data).",
  "flows": "HTTP headers are read during initialization and handshake; challenge keys are processed and hashed; message data flows from rfile to decode and from code to socket via sendall.",
  "anomalies": "Use of deprecated WebSocket draft versions, reliance on manual challenge computation, no input validation on socket data or headers, and potential lack of exception handling during critical steps. The code does not sanitize or verify the data read from rfile beyond basic length checks.",
  "analysis": "The code manages WebSocket handshakes and data framing according to older draft specifications. It processes HTTP headers and performs challenge-response verification using md5. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No network connections or data leaks are evident outside normal WebSocket protocol operations. The use of md5 is consistent with the protocol's older versions and does not indicate malicious intent. The code reads and writes socket data in a standard manner. No obfuscation or suspicious code constructs are detected. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, albeit outdated, WebSocket implementation with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a conventional implementation of an older WebSocket draft protocol, with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. It may be considered low risk with regard to malicious activity, but its use of deprecated protocols warrants caution from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}