{
  "purpose": "The code provides an HTML sanitizer to clean and normalize user-provided HTML content, removing dangerous tags and attributes while allowing certain safe tags and attributes.",
  "sources": "Input HTML string passed to the sanitize() method.",
  "sinks": "The sanitized HTML output; potential for malicious data leakage is minimized, but untrusted input can influence output if not properly sanitized.",
  "flows": "Input HTML -> normalization and cleaning processes -> modified HTML output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors; the code relies on standard sanitization techniques. No obfuscated code patterns are present. The sanitize_href function performs a basic URL check, but the check is minimal. Usage of lxml's cleaner and soup parser could potentially be exploited if lxml is compromised, but this is outside the scope of this code.",
  "analysis": "The code uses lxml.html and its cleaning features to sanitize HTML content, including normalizing whitespace, converting span styles to semantic tags, and removing disallowed tags and attributes. The sanitize_href function performs a simple check for safe URL schemes. No suspicious or malicious code segments are evident, such as network connections, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The code mainly focuses on HTML sanitization with configurable settings and proper handling of whitespace and tag conversions. There are no hardcoded secrets, malicious behaviors, or obfuscated sections. Overall, the code appears to perform as intended for HTML sanitization without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard HTML sanitization module with no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. Its purpose is to sanitize user input safely, and it employs well-known libraries and practices. While the sanitize_href check is simplistic, it does not pose a malicious risk itself. No malicious or sabotage indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}