{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to sanitize HTML content by normalizing whitespace, transforming certain tags, filtering attributes, and ensuring URLs are benign. It aims to prevent XSS and malicious injections while preserving allowed formatting.",
  "sources": "Input HTML string processed by lxml.html.fromstring, and URL attributes like 'href' within elements.",
  "sinks": "The 'href' attribute in 'a' tags, and potentially the output of lxml.html.tostring, which produces sanitized HTML.",
  "flows": "Input HTML -> normalization and whitespace processing -> element traversal and preprocessing -> attribute filtering and href sanitization -> final cleaned HTML output.",
  "anomalies": "The 'sanitize_href' function performs a very basic scheme check, allowing only URLs starting with specific schemes; this simplistic check could be bypassed with crafted URLs, but it is not malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard HTML sanitizer leveraging lxml, performing Unicode normalization, whitespace normalization, tag transformations, attribute whitelisting, and URL scheme filtering. No obfuscated or malicious code is present. The 'sanitize_href' function's minimal scheme check is a known limitation but does not constitute malicious behavior. The overall structure and functions are consistent with a safe sanitization utility. The malware score is zero, and the security risk score is low (~0.2), reflecting the basic URL validation approach. No external network activity or hidden backdoors are detected. The code is clear, well-structured, and employs standard practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a secure, standard HTML sanitizer with no evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior. The primary concern is the simplistic URL scheme check, which could be improved for robustness but does not indicate malicious intent. The assigned malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score around 0.2 is appropriate. Overall, the code appears safe for use in supply chain contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}