{
  "purpose": "Calculate the radial velocity curves of a binary star system using the ellc model.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters from function arguments and the __file__ location for loading a shared library.",
  "sinks": "Loads a shared library 'libellc.so' from the same directory as the script; uses the library to perform calculations.",
  "flows": "Loads the shared library from disk -> calls 'ctypes.cdll.LoadLibrary' -> invokes functions 'lib.lc' or 'lib.rv' for computations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code behaviors such as hard-coded credentials, network activity, or data exfiltration are observed. The code uses standard library functions and a shared library file from local disk. The logic appears to be focused on scientific computation, with extensive parameter validation and data handling for star models.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a function to compute radial velocities for binary stars. It performs input validation, parameter parsing, and sets up data for calling a pre-compiled C library via ctypes. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors are present. The shared library 'libellc.so' is loaded from the same directory, which is typical for performance-optimized scientific libraries. The function processes parameters for physical models and interpolates results. All operations are consistent with scientific modeling and do not show signs of malicious activity. No external network communication or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a scientific computation module for binary star radial velocities. It loads an external shared library for heavy computation, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. The structure and behavior are typical for scientific software, focusing on input validation, data preparation, and calling optimized routines. Overall, it appears safe and free from malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}