{
  "purpose": "Calculate the radial velocity curves of a binary star system based on various stellar and orbital parameters, utilizing a compiled library for performance.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters, observation times, optional limb darkening coefficients, shape parameters, and control parameters from function arguments and configuration dictionaries.",
  "sinks": "Calls external C library functions (libellc.so) to perform core calculations; potentially outputs data via library functions, but no explicit network or file I/O present.",
  "flows": "Inputs are processed and validated, then passed via ctypes to external compiled library functions; results are interpolated and returned as arrays of radial velocities.",
  "anomalies": "Uses ctypes to load an external shared library and pass large arrays for computation; no suspicious or obscure data handling, but dependency on external binary code (libellc.so) could conceal malicious intent. No hard-coded credentials or backdoors identified. The code does not perform network connections or file modifications. The license header and comments suggest academic intent. The only notable unusual activity is reliance on an external binary for core calculations, which is common for performance but could conceal malicious code if the library is compromised.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily serves as a wrapper around an external C library to perform computationally intensive tasks related to binary star radial velocity calculations. It performs extensive input validation, parameter setup, and configuration, then calls the library functions via ctypes. No malicious data handling, network activity, or file operations beyond loading a shared library are present. The dependency on 'libellc.so' is notable because malicious code could be hidden within the shared object, but the Python code itself appears standard for such a wrapper. There are no obfuscation techniques or suspicious patterns in the Python code itself. The license and comments suggest legitimate scientific use.",
  "conclusion": "The Python script functions as a standard scientific wrapper for an external C library, with comprehensive input validation and no evident malicious behavior. The primary security concern lies in the external shared library, which could contain malicious code if compromised. The Python code itself appears benign and consistent with academic software intended for astrophysical computations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}