{
  "purpose": "Define base classes and specific implementations for event handling, including conditional execution, for an event-driven system.",
  "sources": "Imports from __future__, built-in modules (abc, typing), third-party modules (coola), and internal modules (minevent.conditions).",
  "sinks": "Method calls such as self._handler(*self._handler_args, **self._handler_kwargs) which execute passed-in callables; the evaluate() method on condition objects; comparison methods objects_are_equal.",
  "flows": "Input sources include handler callables and condition objects; data flows through handler invocation and condition evaluation in handle() methods.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code relies on user-provided handlers and conditions. No dynamic code execution or suspicious network activity observed. Use of str_indent and str_mapping for formatting is benign. No obfuscation evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines abstract and concrete classes for event handlers, supporting simple and conditional execution. Handlers are callables invoked with optional arguments, and conditions are objects with an evaluate() method. The equality checks use objects_are_equal to compare handlers, arguments, and conditions. The handle methods execute handlers conditionally if applicable. There is no code for network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification. No hardcoded secrets, malicious patterns, or obfuscated code. The logic is straightforward and aligns with typical event-handler patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of event handler classes with support for conditional execution. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It simply wraps callables and evaluates conditions before executing handlers. Overall, the code seems safe and consistent with expected behavior in an event system.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}