{
  "purpose": "Define abstract base classes and concrete implementations for event handlers, including simple, with arguments, and conditional handlers.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from function arguments, class attributes, and imported modules. No external input sources like user input or network are directly read.",
  "sinks": "Calls to handler functions, which could potentially execute malicious code if handlers are maliciously replaced or crafted.",
  "flows": "Handler functions (source) are invoked in handle() methods, passing stored arguments. Conditional handler evaluates a condition before executing handler.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code, no dynamic execution like eval or exec. All code appears straightforward and standard. No suspicious imports or unusual patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a hierarchy of event handler classes with abstract methods for equality and event handling. Concrete classes implement comparison based on handler functions and arguments, and conditional execution based on a condition object. No dynamic code execution, network operations, or file manipulations are present. Usage of imported modules appears benign. The handlers are meant to execute provided functions safely, and the conditional handler only executes if an external condition evaluates to true. The design relies on user-provided handler functions and condition objects; if those are maliciously supplied, malicious behavior could occur, but the code itself does not include such malicious components. There are no signs of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of event handler abstractions with no embedded malicious intent. It provides a flexible framework for handling events with optional conditions. The security risk is minimal and primarily depends on the handlers and conditions supplied at runtime, which are user-defined. No malicious or suspicious code elements detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}