{
  "purpose": "The code defines data type handling, validation, and import logic for a Python code generator or schema modeling system, with support for Pydantic and various collection types.",
  "sources": "Input data includes type strings (e.g., 'Optional', 'Union'), class properties, and method parameters such as 'type_', 'full_path', and 'value'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include type hint generation, string concatenation for type expressions, and the use of data from input parameters which could be exploited if malicious data influences type definitions or code generation.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., 'type_' or 'full_path') flows into processing functions (_remove_none_from_union, get_optional_type) and class methods (type_hint property, from_import), ultimately contributing to the generation of type hints or import statements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls are present. Usage of standard libraries and well-documented third-party libraries like 'pydantic' appears normal. No obfuscated code, hidden dynamic execution, or misleading variable names detected.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically handles type string manipulations, union and optional type adjustments, and import management for data modeling. Functions like '_remove_none_from_union' and 'get_optional_type' manipulate string types for union and optional types, but do so in a controlled manner without dynamic code execution. The DataType class and associated logic perform typical data validation and type hinting tasks. There are no signs of malicious code, such as network activity, file access, or code injection. The overall structure adheres to normal design patterns for schema/model generation. Minor caution is noted in string manipulations, but they are standard for this context.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate, designed for managing data types and generating type hints within a schema or code generation system. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident based on static analysis. It uses standard libraries and techniques appropriately. Overall, the code is safe with a very low malware score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}