{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for Spark JVM interaction, job descriptions, package installation, timestamp conversions, and environment management.",
  "sources": "Environment variables, JVM via SparkContext, function parameters, filesystem during temp dir creation.",
  "sinks": "Subprocess calls for pip and poetry commands, JVM method invocations, filesystem modifications, sys.path adjustments.",
  "flows": "Inputs from parameters/environment into JVM method calls and subprocess executions.",
  "anomalies": "Execution of subprocess commands with package names and options without input validation; dynamic JVM method calls; filesystem manipulations during temp directory creation.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a set of utility functions for Spark extension, JVM interaction, and package management. It includes subprocess calls for installing Python packages and building wheels, as well as dynamic JVM method invocations for timestamp conversions. These subprocess calls and JVM interactions could be exploited if inputs are malicious or untrusted, but within the code, inputs are controlled and not directly derived from external untrusted sources. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The code's primary security concern is the potential misuse of subprocess execution with unvalidated inputs, which could lead to remote code execution or package injection if misused. However, the code itself does not contain malicious payloads or active malicious behavior. The overall structure and logic are straightforward and intended for environment setup and utility functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Spark utility library with capabilities for JVM interaction, environment management, and package installation. It does not contain malware or obfuscated code. The main security risk stems from subprocess calls that, if provided with untrusted inputs, could be exploited. Therefore, the code should be used with proper input validation and in trusted environments. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.3, reflecting moderate concern over subprocess execution without input sanitization.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}