{
  "purpose": "This code provides functionality to interpolate and retrieve limb-darkening and gravity-darkening coefficients for stellar models based on input parameters such as temperature, surface gravity, and metallicity. It is intended for use in astrophysical modeling and analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from two FITS files ('g_Claret2011.fits' and 'g_Claret2004.fits') located in the 'data' directory relative to the script. It accesses specific data tables ('band', 'Teff', 'logg', 'M_H') within these FITS files.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any explicit data sinks such as network communication, file writing, or system modifications. It only reads data and performs calculations, returning interpolated coefficient values.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (Teff, logg, M_H) are fed into the class instance, which uses interpolators constructed from FITS data (sources) to produce coefficient outputs. There are no external data transmissions or side effects beyond data reading.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to perform standard scientific data processing. It contains exception handling to catch errors during interpolation, defaulting to NaN values. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are present. No obfuscated code features are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script loads stellar coefficient data from external FITS files and constructs interpolators for different bands. It handles different wavelength bands ('u_', 'g_', 'r_', 'i_', 'z_') with separate datasets. Input parameters are validated (e.g., negative Teff returns NaNs). The interpolation is wrapped in try-except blocks, which could silently mask issues but are standard for robustness. The code does not perform any network activity, file modifications, or system calls beyond reading data. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The structure and comments suggest typical scientific data processing code.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a benign implementation of stellar coefficient interpolation for astrophysical applications. It reads data from local FITS files, performs interpolations, and returns the results without any suspicious or malicious activity. There are no signs of malware, unauthorized data exfiltration, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}