{
  "purpose": "The code provides an interface to interpolate limb-darkening and gravity-darkening coefficients for stellar models based on input parameters like temperature, gravity, and metallicity, from precomputed data stored in FITS files.",
  "sources": "Input parameters: band name (initialization), Teff, logg, and [M/H] (function call). Data reads from FITS files: 'g_Claret2011.fits' and 'g_Claret2004.fits' for coefficient tables, and user inputs for parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code does not explicitly write to external systems, send data over networks, or execute external commands. No data leakage or system modification appears to occur.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (Teff, logg, [M/H]) flow into interpolator functions to generate coefficients. These coefficients are returned as outputs. No external data flow or network transfer is present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials. The code does not contain obfuscation, malicious commands, or suspicious code constructs. Error handling is broad (try-except) but not malicious. No indications of data exfiltration, system access, or sabotage features.",
  "analysis": "The script loads stellar coefficient data from FITS files and uses interpolation to estimate parameters for specified stellar models. It defines a class for this purpose, with methods to initialize interpolators based on the band and to retrieve coefficients given stellar parameters. The code appears to be a legitimate scientific utility. No malicious or sabotage behavior, such as network activity, file tampering, or secret data handling, is evident. The use of try-except blocks is standard for handling missing data points and does not suggest malicious intent. The files are loaded from local paths relative to the script, indicating typical usage rather than malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign scientific utility designed to interpolate stellar coefficients from stored data. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It operates solely on scientific data and interpolation logic, with no suspicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}