{
  "purpose": "Provide interpolation of limb-darkening and gravity-darkening coefficients based on stellar parameters for specified photometric bands, using data from FITS files.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from FITS files ('g_Claret2011.fits' and 'g_Claret2004.fits') to build interpolation grids; it takes input parameters (T_eff, logg, [M/H]) during class instantiation and method calls.",
  "sinks": "The code returns arrays of coefficients; no untrusted data is directly sent elsewhere or over the network. No data leaks or external data exfiltration observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (T_eff, logg, [M/H]) flow into the interpolators; interpolated coefficients (a1..a4, y) flow back as return values. No external sink actions are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected. No obfuscated code or misleading variable usage. The use of try-except blocks silently catches errors without logging or notification, which is standard but could mask issues; however, not malicious. No signs of malware behaviors such as network connections, data exfiltration, or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code reads stellar atmospheric data from FITS files and creates interpolation objects for various coefficients based on stellar parameters. It handles different photometric bands with separate data files. The class provides a callable interface to obtain coefficients given stellar parameters, with NaN returned if input values are outside valid ranges. No external network calls, no modification of system files, and no suspicious code behavior are present. The silent exception handling could mask errors but is not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a standard scientific data interpolation implementation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward interpolation tool for stellar coefficients with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It does not perform any harmful actions, data exfiltration, or sabotage. The primary concern is the silent exception handling, which could hide bugs but is not malicious. Overall, it is safe for use in scientific applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}