{
  "purpose": "This code appears to generate and visualize precision-recall curves for object detection models, possibly for evaluation purposes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the input parameters of class methods, including lists of numpy arrays and class attributes containing model evaluation metrics.",
  "sinks": "The code writes a figure file to a specified path using plt.savefig; no other data outputs or network communications are present.",
  "flows": "Input data from method parameters is processed into metric objects, then visualized in plots which are saved to a file.",
  "anomalies": "The import statement from '__future__' uses an unusual feature 'QIHHfthuwQRiSEsUVLgUmiztoeRaQxDT' which is not a valid future import and indicates obfuscated or malformed code. Variable and class names are nonsensical, suggesting obfuscation. The presence of a very long, random-looking string in import and variable names indicates deliberate obfuscation or concealment. The code includes standard plotting logic with no external network or system modification, but the obfuscation and strange import line are suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an immutable data class for storing evaluation metrics, with a class method to instantiate from model outputs (numpy arrays). It provides a plotting function to generate precision-recall curves and save the figure. The import statement from '__future__' with a nonsensical feature is invalid in standard Python, indicating obfuscation or malicious intent to hide real imports or functionality. The variable and class names are deliberately nonsensical, further suggesting obfuscation. The plotting code itself appears standard and safe, with no malicious behavior detected. No network activity or system modifications are present. The suspicious import and naming patterns, combined with the lack of meaningful variable names, point to obfuscation potentially hiding malicious intent, but the core code is primarily a visualization routine.",
  "conclusion": "The code mainly generates evaluation plots for object detection metrics, but the invalid import statement and obfuscated naming strongly suggest code obfuscation. There is no clear malicious activity such as data exfiltration, network communication, or system modification. The suspicious import indicates a high likelihood of obfuscation, which could conceal malicious code elsewhere. Overall, the core functionality appears benign, but obfuscation warrants caution.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}