{
  "purpose": "The code demonstrates various usage examples of the 'match' function, including literal matching, constants, dotted names, callables, guards, and OR patterns, primarily for testing pattern matching functionality.",
  "sources": "The code sources are from the provided source strings defining functions and constants, and from imported modules like 'textwrap', 'math', and 'patterna'. It also executes code via 'exec' with dedented source code strings.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'exec' calls executing arbitrary source code, which could run malicious code if the source strings are tampered with or sourced externally.",
  "flows": "Flow begins with source code strings, passed into 'exec', which executes the code in a controlled namespace. The 'match' function is used to decorate functions, but no untrusted data directly flows into sensitive operations; the main concern is the 'exec' calls.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'exec' with source code strings introduces potential security risks. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious patterns are evident within the code. The code appears to be test code for pattern matching features.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple test functions that create source code strings and execute them via 'exec'. The use of 'exec' is a notable source of potential security risk if input is not controlled, as malicious code could be injected. The pattern matching logic itself is standard and does not contain malicious patterns. No obfuscation or malicious behavior is present. The 'match' function's behavior is assumed to be correct, and the code is primarily for testing purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily test code for pattern matching, with the only security concern being the use of 'exec' to run dynamically constructed source code. If the source code strings are controlled and not externally sourced, the risk is minimal. Otherwise, 'exec' could be exploited for malicious code execution.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 1
}