{
  "purpose": "The code defines a series of test functions for pattern matching, executing static source code strings via exec() and applying an external match function to verify pattern matching behavior.",
  "sources": "The code reads source code strings embedded within functions, notably the code variable in each test function, which is then executed via exec().",
  "sinks": "The exec() function executes the source code strings, which could be a potential sink if the strings were untrusted or sourced externally.",
  "flows": "Source code strings are passed to exec(), which executes them, then the match function is applied to the defined functions; no untrusted data flows into exec() in this controlled context.",
  "anomalies": "The use of exec() on static, hardcoded source code strings is generally safe here, but the pattern could be risky if source strings become dynamic or externally sourced. No obfuscation or malicious code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of test functions that define source code snippets as strings, execute them with exec(), and then apply a pattern matching function. The source code is static and controlled, minimizing security risks. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. The primary concern is the use of exec(), which in this context is safe due to static source code. The match function is assumed to be safe and correct. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is evident. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is straightforward. The risk score is low (around 0.1-0.2), reflecting the controlled use of exec(). Overall, the code is benign, serving as a test suite for pattern matching features.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a controlled test suite for pattern matching with no malicious intent. The use of exec() on static source code strings poses minimal risk. Scores are appropriately low, with malware and obfuscated scores at 0, and a slight risk score (~0.2) due to exec(). The code is safe in this context, and no further security concerns are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}