{
  "purpose": "The code appears to test the functionality of a pattern matching library 'match' with various pattern matching scenarios in Python functions.",
  "sources": "Sources include input functions and code execution of dynamically generated code via exec().",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of exec() to execute dynamically constructed code and the 'match' function from the 'patterna' library, which could process untrusted patterns or code.",
  "flows": "Code defines patterns in strings, executes them with exec() in controlled namespaces, then applies the 'match' function to functions created within that code. The flow involves executing code, retrieving functions, and applying pattern matching.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on code snippets which could contain malicious code if the input code is untrusted. No hardcoded credentials or malicious payloads detected. The 'match' function's internal implementation is unknown, which could potentially be a concern if it processes code insecurely.",
  "analysis": "The script defines multiple test functions that generate code snippets with pattern matching logic, executes them dynamically with exec(), and then applies the 'match' function from 'patterna' to the defined functions for testing. The code appears to be designed for testing pattern matching features, not for malicious purposes. There are no indications of malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration routines. The only potential security concern is the use of exec(), which if fed with untrusted input, could execute malicious code. The 'match' function usage seems to be limited to pattern matching operations, with no evidence of malicious activity or hidden backdoors. Overall, the code looks like a set of test cases for a pattern matching library, with no malicious behavior observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of test cases for the 'match' function from 'patterna', executing code snippets dynamically with exec() but without any signs of malicious payloads or malicious intent. The primary security concern is the use of exec(), which should be carefully controlled if the input code is untrusted. Overall, there is no evidence of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}