{
  "purpose": "The code defines three decorator functions intended to modify or extend the behavior of other functions, likely related to network or session management.",
  "sources": "Input parameters of the decorated functions, especially the first argument (possibly a connection or session object). It also imports a configuration from an external module.",
  "sinks": "The first decorator modifies connection/session attributes; the second calls an external configuration loader; the third calls a method on the first argument. Potential sinks include setting attributes and invoking external code.",
  "flows": "Input data (connection/session objects) flow into decorators, which modify attributes or invoke external functions like load_config(), then proceed to call the original functions with modified or additional parameters.",
  "anomalies": "Use of external module 'abst.bastion_support.oci_bastion' to load configuration dynamically; modification of connection/session attributes; no hardcoded secrets observed. The load_config() call could be a concern if it retrieves sensitive info, but not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code employs decorators that manipulate function inputs and attributes, including resetting connection states and loading external configurations. The dynamic import and config loading could be used maliciously if load_config() retrieves sensitive data or malicious configurations. The code does not contain obfuscated code, backdoors, or suspicious network activity directly. It appears to be designed for managing network/session states with external configuration support. No evidence of malware like data theft, system damage, or covert communication is present. The use of external configuration loading might be a vector for malicious behavior if the external module or config is compromised, but from this code alone, there's no concrete malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily focused on session and connection management with external configuration support. While it could be misused if the external configuration is malicious, there is no direct evidence of malicious behavior or malware within this code snippet. The suspicious aspect is the external config load, which warrants caution but isn't inherently malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}