{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for managing Terraform Cloud infrastructure, including state file handling, workspace locking/unlocking, variable management, run control, and retrieval of outputs and plans. It facilitates automation of Terraform workflows via API interactions.",
  "sources": "Reads input from state files, API responses, and parameters such as tokens, resource definitions, and IDs.",
  "sinks": "Potentially exposes sensitive data through logs or API responses; interacts with external Terraform Cloud endpoints which could be misused if tokens are compromised.",
  "flows": "Sources include state files and API responses; sinks include API endpoints for locking, unlocking, pushing state, managing variables, and runs. Data flows from files and external API responses to function outputs and API requests.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior detected. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious payloads. Minor potential typo in API filter parameter ('username' instead of 'name') but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of Terraform Cloud automation functions, using standard libraries and API calls. It handles sensitive tokens passed as parameters, performs expected operations, and includes error handling and logging. No obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The functions do not contain any code injection, data leakage, or malicious payloads. The overall structure and logic are consistent with legitimate DevOps tooling. The security risk score of approximately 0.2 is justified due to the handling of sensitive tokens, but no active vulnerabilities are apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, transparent set of utilities for Terraform Cloud management with no signs of malicious intent or supply chain compromise. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the security risk score of 0.2 is appropriate. The code is safe for its intended purpose, assuming proper secret management outside this script.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}