{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for managing Terraform state files, interacting with Terraform Cloud API, and automating Terraform runs, including locking, unlocking, triggering, monitoring, and retrieving outputs.",
  "sources": "Input sources include local JSON state files, API responses from Terraform Cloud endpoints, and external HTTP requests to Terraform Cloud.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent via HTTP requests to Terraform Cloud API endpoints, including state uploads, variable updates, and run controls. File reads and writes occur for state files and configuration data.",
  "flows": "Sensitive data such as API tokens and workspace IDs flow from function arguments into HTTP headers and request payloads; state file content flows from disk reads into JSON processing and API uploads; run monitoring involves repeated status checks and response handling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is present. The code uses standard libraries and practices for API interaction and file handling. There are multiple requests to external URLs but no indication of malicious domains or data exfiltration. The code does not perform any system commands or privilege escalations.",
  "analysis": "The script appears to be a comprehensive automation tool for Terraform Cloud workflows, managing state, runs, variables, and workspace locks. All external requests use provided tokens and standard API endpoints. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are observed; tokens are expected as function arguments. There are no indications of backdoors, hidden code, or malicious behaviors. The code's structure is typical for API client scripts and state management utilities, with no obfuscated or malicious patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Terraform automation utility, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles sensitive data responsibly via function parameters and API tokens. Overall, it poses no significant security threat or malware risk based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}