{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of utility functions for managing Terraform workspaces, states, and runs via Terraform Cloud API, including state file handling, workspace locking/unlocking, run management, and variable updates.",
  "sources": "Reading from local files (state files), environment variables (not explicitly shown but implied for API tokens), and making HTTP requests to Terraform Cloud API endpoints.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to Terraform Cloud API endpoints for locking/unlocking workspaces, pushing states, managing runs, and variables; reading/writing local state files.",
  "flows": "Input data from local files and user-provided tokens flow into functions that generate API requests or read/write files; API responses influence control flow and state management functions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features detected. API tokens are passed as parameters, not stored in code. No hidden backdoors or malicious code behaviors evident.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical infrastructure automation tasks related to Terraform Cloud, including state file manipulation, API interactions for workspace management, run control, variable management, and state pushing. The functions use standard libraries for JSON, HTTP requests, and logging, with no indications of malicious payloads, data exfiltration, or system damage. All API calls are targeted at Terraform Cloud's known endpoints. There is no evidence of code injection, unauthorized data access, or covert operations. The code does handle API tokens securely by accepting them as parameters, avoiding hardcoded secrets. The overall structure suggests legitimate infrastructure management operations rather than malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate set of Terraform Cloud API utilities for infrastructure automation. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indicators are detected. It follows standard practices for remote state management, workspace control, and run orchestration. The security risk is minimal, primarily depending on secure handling of API tokens outside this code. The malware score is low, and obfuscation is not present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}