{
  "purpose": "Factory function creating instances of various Playwright internal classes based on a 'type' string, facilitating object management within the framework.",
  "sources": "The 'type' parameter used in conditional checks; the 'initializer' parameter passed into constructors.",
  "sinks": "Object constructors that instantiate classes based on 'type'; no direct data sinks or external data handling observed.",
  "flows": "Input 'type' string determines which class constructor is called; 'initializer' is passed directly into the constructor without processing.",
  "anomalies": "Use of string matching on 'type' for object creation; no validation or sanitization shown; no obfuscation or hidden code present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward factory pattern that creates instances of classes from the 'playwright._impl' modules based on the 'type' string. It imports numerous classes, indicating it is part of the Playwright framework. The function 'create_remote_object' matches 'type' to class constructors via if statements, with a fallback to 'DummyObject'. There are no signs of malicious code, network activity, data leaks, or obfuscation. The 'initializer' parameter is passed directly into constructors, which could be a concern if untrusted data is used, but in this context, it appears to be standard object instantiation. The reliance on external 'type' string is typical for factory patterns and not inherently dangerous. The fallback 'DummyObject' is benign. Overall, the code is a benign, standard object factory with no malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, benign factory pattern used within the Playwright framework for object creation. No malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are evident. The scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, and a very low risk score (~0.1) are appropriate, primarily due to the dynamic nature of object creation based on external input, which is common in such patterns but not malicious. Overall, the code is safe and does not pose a security threat.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}