{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a metaclass and a class for handling events in a GUI framework, specifically related to Gradio components. It sets up event listeners for block components.",
  "sources": "The code reads from imported modules ('gradio.component_meta', 'gradio.events') and class/static attributes such as BLOCKS_EVENTS, which are predefined.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that handle untrusted data or perform insecure operations such as network communication, file access, or command execution.",
  "flows": "The flow involves creating event listener objects from predefined events and assigning their listeners to class attributes dynamically. No data flows from external untrusted sources to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically assigns event listeners and modifies a generated type information file (via create_or_modify_pyi), which is a standard pattern in Python for dynamic class behavior. No suspicious or unusual code patterns or obfuscation are present.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard Python features such as metaclasses, class attributes, and dynamic method assignment. It imports functions and classes from the 'gradio' package, which is used for creating web-based GUIs. The BLOCKS_EVENTS list is statically defined with 'Events.load' as its only element. The metaclass BlocksMeta creates copies of EventListener objects, sets documentation, and assigns them to class attributes, which is typical in event-driven programming. The create_or_modify_pyi call updates type information files for better IDE support. There are no signs of malicious code such as network communication, code injection, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. The overall structure indicates a standard pattern for event handling in a GUI framework.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation for managing component events in a GUI framework using metaclasses and dynamic attribute assignment. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, security risks, or obfuscation. It appears to be a legitimate part of a larger application or library.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}