{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python class for interacting with SonarQube issues through REST API calls, including searching for issues and assigning issues to users.",
  "sources": "Data is received from the imported modules, class method parameters, and the REST API responses (via GET and POST requests).",
  "sinks": "API endpoints (search and assign issues) where untrusted input data could be sent, especially through parameters that are directly used in API calls.",
  "flows": "Input parameters from method calls (e.g., search_issues, issue_assign) flow into API request payloads, potentially including untrusted data. These flow to API endpoints which are the sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated code, hidden code, or unusual language features detected. The code structure appears standard for a REST client implementation. There are multiple parameters that could be manipulated, but this is typical for an API wrapper. No suspicious code patterns, such as dynamic code execution or unusual control flow, are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class SonarQubeIssues that inherits from RestClient, encapsulating methods for searching issues and assigning issues via REST API. The methods use decorators (@GET, @POST) with API endpoints and accept numerous parameters to customize requests. All parameters are used as method inputs that are included directly in API calls. There is no evidence of code injection, dynamic execution, or malicious payloads. The code primarily functions as a client wrapper, with no apparent malicious behavior. The structure, comments, and code style are standard and do not indicate obfuscation or malware. Since the code relies on external modules for REST communication and configuration, and there are no embedded malicious code snippets, the overall risk appears low.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard API client for SonarQube issues management. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious payloads are present. It does not include any obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious logic. The primary risk lies in the potential misuse of input parameters for API calls, but this is expected for an API wrapper. Overall, the code appears safe with no evidence of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}