{
  "purpose": "The code implements asynchronous WebSocket client and server classes for establishing, managing, and closing WebSocket connections, including handshake procedures, message sending/receiving, and protocol negotiation.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include incoming network data from socket reads, HTTP headers for handshake, and URL parsing for connection parameters. Data is also read from request objects or headers during connection acceptance.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are socket write operations (wsock.write), which send data over the network, and internal data processing that could lead to data leakage if handling untrusted data improperly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from network socket reads into wsproto parser, then into event handling logic which may generate responses or modify internal states. Outgoing data flows from wsproto send calls into socket write operations. Input buffers and message assembly also involve flows from incoming events to stored messages.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or sensitive information are evident. The code uses standard libraries and typical WebSocket protocol handling. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. Usage of a custom socket interface and event handling is standard. No suspicious external domain connections or network activity is directly embedded in the code.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of WebSocket client and server classes using wsproto and asyncio. It performs handshake procedures, message framing, protocol negotiation, and connection management. No embedded or hidden network connections, credential handling, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The logic for handling messages, pings, and close events follows typical WebSocket protocol patterns. There are no signs of malicious backdoors or malicious behavior; all operations are consistent with a standard WebSocket implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, legitimate WebSocket client/server implementation with no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles connections, messages, and protocol details as expected for such an application. There are no signs of malware, data leakage, or security compromise within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}