{
  "purpose": "The code implements asynchronous WebSocket client and server classes for establishing, managing, and closing WebSocket connections, including handshake and message handling logic.",
  "sources": "Reads from network sockets (self.rsock.read), URL parsing (urlsplit), request headers (self.headers), and incoming WebSocket events.",
  "sinks": "Writes to network sockets (self.wsock.write), connection close procedures, and potentially data in the input buffer.",
  "flows": "Input data from network sockets flow into ws.receive_data(), processed into events, and potentially stored in input_buffer or trigger outgoing messages. Outgoing data flows from ws.send() calls to self.wsock.write().",
  "anomalies": "Uses standard websocket event handling; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are evident. No code injection, data leakage, or insecure environment variable use is visible. Extra headers are stored in 'extra_headeers' which appears to be a typo but not malicious. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or system tampering observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical asynchronous WebSocket implementation with clear client and server classes. It performs handshake, message processing, ping-pong keepalive, and connection closing. The handling of headers, subprotocols, and event flows follows standard patterns. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, unauthorized network communication, or backdoors. The presence of potentially misspelled attribute 'extra_headeers' is benign but noted. No obfuscated code or malicious code injection is present. The use of standard library functions and open-source wsproto library indicates typical usage, not malicious modification.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of WebSocket client and server functionalities without malicious intent. There are no evident security risks or malware features. The only minor concern is a likely typo ('extra_headeers') which does not impact security.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}