{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to expand AWS CloudFormation action strings or lists into detailed action lists, potentially filtering based on patterns.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the parameters 'action', 'actions', and the 'obj' dictionary or list structure, which may originate from user input or external configuration files.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies the input 'obj' in-place, updating 'Action' and 'NotAction' keys with expanded action lists. No other sinks are present that could lead to data leaks or harmful actions.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from parameters ('action', 'actions', 'obj') into functions, where patterns are matched against predefined actions. These flows lead to in-place modification of the input object, replacing string or list representations with expanded sets of actions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. The code uses standard pattern matching with regex and set operations. No obfuscated code or malicious logic is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions to expand CloudFormation action patterns into explicit action lists, utilizing regex matching against a predefined set of actions. It carefully handles different input types (string, list, dict) and performs pattern-based filtering. The pattern matching relies on regex derived from CloudFormation strings, which is a standard practice. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections, or backdoors. The in-place modification of the input object is consistent with its purpose. Overall, the code appears to be a utility function for processing CloudFormation policies without any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward utility for expanding CloudFormation action strings and lists, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It operates solely on provided input data, performing pattern matching and set operations. The implementation appears safe and standard for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}