{
  "purpose": "The code expands AWS CloudFormation actions and NotActions based on regex pattern matching, facilitating policy processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, notably 'action', 'actions', and the 'obj' dictionary or list structures.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks where untrusted data leads to data leaks or external effects; the code only manipulates in-memory data structures.",
  "flows": "Input data (actions or nested objects) are processed through regex matching functions, then expanded into sets and lists, replacing original fields.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or suspicious code patterns are present. Reliance on external 'regex_from_cf_string' is noted but not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code performs pattern matching to expand or exclude AWS actions based on regex patterns, handling input types safely and raising exceptions for unsupported types. It modifies data structures in-place, replacing 'Action' and 'NotAction' fields with expanded lists. No external system calls, network activity, or sensitive data handling are involved. The use of external 'regex_from_cf_string' and 'CLOUDFORMATION_ACTIONS' is standard for such utilities. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are evident. The pattern matching approach is typical, and the code's logic is straightforward and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for expanding AWS CloudFormation actions based on regex patterns. It does not contain malicious or obfuscated code. The overall security risk is minimal, primarily dependent on the safety of the external 'regex_from_cf_string' function. The malware score remains at 0, obfuscated at 0, and the security risk is conservatively estimated at approximately 0.1, reflecting the low but non-zero potential for pattern injection if inputs are untrusted. The existing reports' scores are appropriate and consistent with this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}