{
  "purpose": "The code appears to perform initial environment checks for Python version compatibility and imports functions and constants from the 'pampy' library, likely for pattern matching or related functionality.",
  "sources": "The code reads the Python interpreter version info from sys.version_info, which is standard system data. It also reads data when importing functions from 'pampy.pampy'.",
  "sinks": "The import statements bring in functions and constants, which could be used later in the code for various purposes. No direct data sinks such as network or file operations are present in this snippet.",
  "flows": "The version info flow from sys.version_info to variables, then used in conditional statements; imported functions may be used subsequently as data sinks, but no specific data flow is visible here.",
  "anomalies": "The variable names are obfuscated or nonsensical (e.g., 'FOcruQqERhayRLLuccxNiMEbOOCrEnCT', 'CmkawGGWCIyBNOymUGdIlweURLKToYzv'). The imported module names and identifiers also appear obfuscated. There are no comments or meaningful identifiers, which could suggest hiding malicious intent or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code checks Python version and terminates if the version is below 3.6, which is standard. The obfuscated variable names and import identifiers are suspicious, as they are not meaningful. The imports from 'pampy.pampy' are for pattern matching or related functions, which are legitimate but could be misused if further code manipulates untrusted data. The code does not include network, file, or other suspicious operations in this fragment. The obfuscation and lack of context raise concern about concealment but do not directly indicate malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily environment setup and library import with obfuscated identifiers. The obfuscation could be benign or malicious, but based on this snippet alone, there is no clear malicious behavior. The obfuscation warrants caution but does not confirm malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}