{
  "purpose": "Define a class for managing and validating Laser Guide Star Wavefront Sensor (LGS WFS) parameters with support for dynamic array adjustments and data validation.",
  "sources": "Configuration dictionary input for parameters, class constructor, property setters (e.g., for nLGS, valid maps), and initial test usage code.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks identified; no untrusted data is written to external systems, files, or network endpoints.",
  "flows": "Input data from configuration dictionaries flow into class properties; property setters validate and process data, including array resizing based on nLGS changes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior observed. The code performs standard validation, array management, and string representation formatting. No obfuscated code or unusual features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for handling LGS WFS parameters with thorough validation and dynamic array management. It imports numpy for array operations, imports parameters from external modules, and initializes parameters based on a configuration dictionary. The class includes property setters that adjust internal arrays when nLGS changes, ensuring consistent array sizes. The __str__ method provides detailed human-readable info, including validation maps and support calculations. The usage example initializes atmosphere and asterism parameters, creates an instance with test data, and manipulates nLGS to test array resizing. No suspicious operations, external data transmission, or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured parameter management class with no malicious intent. It performs data validation, dynamic array resizing, and formatted reporting, all consistent with normal application code. There is no evidence of malware, supply chain attacks, or security risks. The code's purpose is technical and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}