{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to test connectivity and read/write access to Active Directory (AD) via various methods, including basic network checks and specific AD read/write operations.",
  "sources": "Input sources include configuration settings (load_settings), user input through command-line flags, and responses from AD and network sessions.",
  "sinks": "Output actions include printing error messages, logging info, and potentially exiting the process. No direct data leaks are evident; the code primarily outputs status messages.",
  "flows": "Data flows from configuration inputs to network/session operations and then to print/log outputs based on success or failure conditions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secret keys are present. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution is detected. The code relies on external settings and network calls which are typical for such utilities.",
  "analysis": "The script performs network and AD read/write tests by invoking session commands, reading AD user info, and checking configuration validity. Error handling captures specific exceptions such as Kerberos errors, connection issues, and general exceptions. No signs of malicious code, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden network communications, are evident. The code structure follows standard patterns for connectivity testing, with clear separation of concerns. The only potential concern is that command-line options and external settings influence behavior, but this is typical and not suspicious. Overall, the code does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage elements.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for testing Active Directory connectivity and permissions. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, malware, or supply chain sabotage signals. It follows standard practices for network and directory service checks with appropriate exception handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}