{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be part of a data analysis or visualization tool for evaluating model performance, particularly involving heatmaps and confusion matrices for classification tasks.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, notably numpy arrays representing model predictions, true labels, and related metrics.",
  "sinks": "The code generates visualizations saved to disk using matplotlib; no network transmission or sensitive data exfiltration is evident. No external data sinks are used for untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input data (arrays) are processed and normalized, then visualized via heatmaps and statistical summaries; no direct flow of untrusted data to dangerous sinks such as network or system modification.",
  "anomalies": "The import from '__future__' is using an obscure feature name 'QIHHfthuwQRiSEsUVLgUmiztoeRaQxDT', which is invalid and may indicate obfuscation or an attempt to conceal code intent. The code contains numerous obfuscated variable names, which may be used to mask malicious intent. There is a heavy reliance on external functions imported from 'onemetric' modules; without inspecting these, potential malicious behavior cannot be fully ruled out. The use of 'np.nan' to mask small values in the heatmap is standard. No hardcoded credentials or network activities are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is predominantly for data processing and visualization, with functions to generate heatmaps and process detection/true label data. The presence of an invalid '__future__' import suggests obfuscation. Variable names are deliberately obscure, possibly to conceal malicious behavior or to hinder understanding. The use of external modules from 'onemetric' could be benign or malicious depending on their implementation; their names suggest standard metrics and validation utilities. No network, file, or system modification commands are directly present. The code does not perform any suspicious data exfiltration, system access, or persistent backdoors. The focus on visualization and metrics computation appears legitimate, but the obfuscation warrants caution.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily appears to be a legitimate data analysis module with obfuscated variable and function names, potentially to hide malicious behavior. The invalid import statement and heavy obfuscation are concerning. No explicit malware or malicious data flows are evident, but the obfuscation and reliance on external modules could mask malicious activity. Overall, it warrants further inspection of imported modules and the context of use.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}