{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be related to data processing and visualization for object detection or classification tasks, including metrics computation, heatmap generation, and data validation.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as numpy arrays, list of numpy arrays, and external modules. It also reads from the input parameters of static methods and class methods, primarily numpy arrays and lists.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to image files via plt.savefig, and processes data internally. No clear sinks for untrusted data are present that could lead to data leaks or code execution. No network operations or system modifications are observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays and lists through processing functions, validation steps, and visualization routines. The flow mainly involves normalization, data validation, and plotting. No execution of untrusted code or system commands is detected.",
  "anomalies": "The initial import from __future__ imports a seemingly random and non-standard feature name QIHHfthuwQRiSEsUVLgUmiztoeRaQxDT, which is not a valid future feature and suggests obfuscation or placeholder code. The variable and class names are nonsensical and obfuscated, which could be intentional to hide malicious intent. The presence of many 'weird' function and variable names with no clear meaning. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious network activity are visible.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of class definitions, data processing, and visualization functions. It performs data normalization, heatmap plotting, and array manipulation. The imports include standard data science libraries, and external modules from 'onemetric' which appear to handle validation, IoU calculations, and other metrics. The presence of an invalid future import suggests obfuscation or placeholder code. The variable names are deliberately nonsensical, which could be a sign of attempts to hide malicious intent. There are no network connections, system modifications, or malicious data exfiltration routines evident. The functions perform standard validation, data filtering, and plotting tasks. No suspicious code injection, backdoors, or malware-like behavior is detected based on static analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a data processing and visualization module with obfuscated naming and a suspicious initial import statement. The lack of network activity, system commands, or data exfiltration routines suggests no malicious behavior. The obfuscation could be an attempt to hide malicious intent, but static code review shows no direct signs of malware. Overall, the code is suspiciously obfuscated but does not demonstrate malicious behavior based on current analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}