{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be related to data processing, visualization, and evaluation in a computer vision or machine learning context, specifically for metrics, heatmaps, and bounding box analysis.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include parameters like np.ndarray objects, lists of np.ndarrays, and environment variables or configuration through imported modules.",
  "sinks": "Data sinks include file saving via matplotlib's savefig function, and potentially data manipulations that could lead to information leakage if input data is untrusted.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays through various processing functions, including normalization, filtering, and visualization, with some potential conditional processing based on class labels and bounding box overlaps.",
  "anomalies": "The import statement from __future__ with an unusual identifier (QIHHfthuwQRiSEsUVLgUmiztoeRaQxDT) is suspicious and does not correspond to standard future features. The presence of obfuscated variable and class names suggests code obfuscation or hiding intent. The class method oLEcpromtvADIqSHRXxjYviQxWMPTAWx performs data aggregation with no clear explanation, possibly hiding malicious data manipulation. The code manipulates and visualizes data with no apparent validation or security checks on input data. The static methods sodgoGymOeWjisKrUflfkSHuRMnLvVkK and cPuGcHyUuHNKLMGTAYsKyEellIxSIfAs are imported but their implementations are unknown, which could be malicious if they perform undesired actions. The code does not contain obvious malicious commands like network connections, system modifications, or data exfiltration, but the obfuscation and unusual import hint at potential hidden behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code imports modules and functions with obfuscated names, which may be used to conceal malicious intent. The use of an unusual feature import (__future__ with an undefined feature) indicates obfuscation or an attempt to hide code behavior. The main class and methods handle data normalization, visualization, and complex data manipulations that seem consistent with metric computation or visualization. The static methods involve data filtering, sorting, and index handling, possibly for evaluation metrics like detection or classification performance. However, the presence of obfuscated function names and the suspicious import line raise concerns about hidden functionality. No explicit network, file, or system command executions are present, but the code could be performing covert data handling or manipulations. The heavy obfuscation and lack of transparency prevent definitive conclusions, but the indicators suggest a high suspicion of hidden or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is heavily obfuscated, with suspicious import statements and variable naming conventions that indicate possible concealment of malicious behavior. While it primarily appears to perform data processing, visualization, and evaluation tasks typical in ML workflows, the obfuscation and unusual import line are significant red flags. Without additional context or deobfuscation, it is recommended to treat this package with caution due to the potential for hidden malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.4,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 1
}