{
  "purpose": "The code is designed for image preprocessing, skew correction, model loading, and object detection using YOLO, as well as saving and displaying images with recognition results.",
  "sources": "Reads image files from specified paths, loads model files from package resources, and loads external images.",
  "sinks": "Writes images to disk, displays images via cv2.imshow, and deletes temporary files; no direct data exfiltration or network communication observed.",
  "flows": "Reads image input -> preprocesses image -> loads model -> performs inference -> processes results -> saves and displays images -> deletes temporary files.",
  "anomalies": "The code temporarily overrides pathlib.PosixPath with WindowsPath without clear necessity, which may indicate obfuscation or attempt to mask environment specifics. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are visible. The model is loaded from package resources, which is standard. No suspicious network activity or code injections are present. No use of eval, exec, or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The script performs typical image preprocessing and object detection steps with well-known libraries (OpenCV, ultralytics YOLO). The only unusual behavior is the temporary substitution of pathlib.PosixPath, which could be an attempt to mask system environment details or influence path handling. There are no signs of data leakage, network communication, or malicious payloads. The code manages files safely, creates directories as needed, and cleans up temporary files. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate for its intended purpose of image preprocessing and object detection. The only suspicious aspect is the path manipulation at the start, which seems unnecessary and may be intended to obfuscate environment details. Overall, no malware or malicious intent is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}