{
  "purpose": "The code is a set of Django unit tests and utility functions for rendering PDFs from templates using wkhtmltopdf, including handling unicode content, temporary files, and response headers.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include template rendering inputs, request objects, and URL parameters such as '?as=html'. It also reads environment variables indirectly via imported modules and settings.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include wkhtmltopdf subprocess calls, file system operations (temporary files), and HTTP responses with PDF content and headers.",
  "flows": "Data flows from template rendering (source) to wkhtmltopdf subprocess (sink), and finally to HTTP response content or file system (temporary files). URL parameters and environment variables influence behavior, but are used within safe context.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. Usage of subprocess is limited to wkhtmltopdf with controlled arguments. The code appears to be standard Django test setup and utility functions. No signs of system data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs Django unit tests for PDF rendering features, including template rendering, response header management, and temporary file handling. It uses safe subprocess calls with wkhtmltopdf, avoids unsafe dynamic code execution, and handles unicode content properly. No suspicious network operations, code injection, or data leakage mechanisms are detected. It appropriately handles cleanup of temporary files and respects debug settings for file persistence. The code is well-structured and adheres to standard testing and utility patterns, with no anomalies suggesting malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard Django testing and utility module focused on rendering PDFs via wkhtmltopdf. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain security risks. The code appears safe, with no signs of malware, sabotage, or security vulnerabilities within the provided scope.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}