{
  "purpose": "The code defines a data structure for encapsulating and analyzing the results of a data validation process in Spark, including filtering valid, invalid, and warning rows, as well as generating summaries.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'df' DataFrame, particularly filtering based on internal validation columns such as '_dq_passed', '_dq_errors', and '_dq_aggregate_errors'. It also reads the timestamp for validation result creation.",
  "sinks": "The code writes data to new DataFrames in methods like pass_df(), fail_df(), and warn_df(), which generate filtered views based on validation results. It does not write outside or to external systems.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input DataFrame 'df' through filtering operations based on validation flags and error severity. These flows are internal transformations used for reporting and filtering purposes.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscated code are present. The code uses standard Python and PySpark constructs with no unusual or misleading patterns. No external network connections or system commands are invoked.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a data validation result container using Python dataclasses and PySpark. It filters data based on validation metadata and generates summaries. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are detected. The code relies on internal validation columns and does not perform external communications or operations that could be malicious. No hardcoded secrets or potentially harmful behavior are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate component for managing and reporting data validation results in Spark. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It uses standard libraries and constructs, and the logic is clear and safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}