{
  "purpose": "Configuration management for distributed engines and memory formats, utilizing environment variables, dynamic imports, and module reloads.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (WR_ENGINE, WR_MEMORY_FORMAT), dynamic package detection ('ray', 'modin'), importlib.util.find_spec, reload(awswrangler.pandas), external modules ('awswrangler', 'ray')",
  "sinks": "Dispatch functions based on engine, initialize or register engines, reload pandas module",
  "flows": "Environment variables -> get/set methods -> importlib.util.find_spec / reload -> dispatch functions -> external module functions (register_ray, initialize_ray)",
  "anomalies": "Use of environment variables for configuration, dynamic import checks, module reloads after configuration changes",
  "analysis": "The code is a configuration and dispatch framework for distributed engines and memory formats, relying on environment variables, dynamic package detection, and module reloads. No malicious payloads or backdoors are present. The use of dynamic imports and reloads introduces potential attack vectors if external modules are compromised or environment variables are manipulated, but no evidence of malicious activity exists. The malware score is 0, as there are no signs of malicious code. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is straightforward and readable. The security risk score is approximately 0.2 to 0.3, reflecting moderate concern due to reliance on external modules and environment variables, but no active malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears benign, serving as a configuration and dispatch mechanism, with typical risks associated with dynamic plugin architectures.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign configuration and dispatch framework for distributed engines and memory formats. It uses environment variables, dynamic imports, and reloads, which are common in such systems. No malicious activity or supply chain sabotage is evident. The potential risks are mainly related to external dependencies and environment control, which should be managed securely. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and a moderate security risk score (~0.2-0.3) is appropriate given the context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}