{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JWT authentication framework for a web application, handling token creation, validation, and extraction from requests.",
  "sources": "Input sources include request cookies, headers, and query parameters for tokens; user objects for payload building; configuration settings for claims and secrets.",
  "sinks": "Tokens are encoded with jwt.encode() and potentially stored or transmitted; secrets are retrieved from functions, possibly involving external calls; claims are verified and processed.",
  "flows": "Input tokens from request extraction → decode/verify tokens with jwt.decode() → build payloads from user data → generate tokens for users → validation flows from tokens to payload verification.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code uses standard JWT procedures. No suspicious network activity or code obfuscation detected. Claims and secrets are handled via configuration and function calls.",
  "analysis": "The code implements JWT-based authentication, including token extraction from cookies, headers, and query parameters. It verifies tokens with standard JWT library functions, supports custom claims, and manages secrets securely via configuration and user-secret retrieval functions. No hidden or malicious code patterns, network activity, or backdoors are present. It performs standard cryptographic practices, with proper error handling and claim verification steps. There are no indications of data leakage, credential theft, or malicious data exfiltration. Overall, the implementation appears to be a typical secure JWT authentication module with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard JWT authentication framework with proper handling of tokens, secrets, and claims. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The code maintains security best practices and does not exhibit obfuscation or suspicious data flows. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}