{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python library for deploying a WordPress environment using AWS CDK constructs, including classes for resources such as ECS clusters, RDS instances, and VPCs.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (abc, builtins, datetime, enum, typing), third-party modules (jsii, publication, typeguard), and AWS CDK modules (aws_cdk.aws_ec2, aws_cdk.aws_ecs, aws_cdk.aws_rds, aws_cdk.core). No external input reading or data sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks such as network communication, file writing, or environment variable manipulation. The code primarily constructs AWS infrastructure objects.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves instantiating a WordPress construct with optional parameters for cluster, rds_instance, and vpc, with type checking. It then exposes an endpoint property. No untrusted data flow to sensitive sinks is observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a typical CDK construct definition with standard type checking and class design. The presence of an import like 'pkgutil.extend_path' and use of 'jsii' may indicate generated or SDK code, but no malicious obfuscation or suspicious patterns are detected. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious logic are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for deploying WordPress infrastructure using AWS CDK, including proper type checking, property definitions, and resource management. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior is observed. The imported modules are standard for infrastructure as code. The structure and logic follow standard patterns for CDK constructs. No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials or malicious network activity are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured CDK construct library for deploying WordPress environments. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate infrastructure code module.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}