{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python library for deploying WordPress infrastructure using AWS CDK constructs. It includes classes for setting up WordPress clusters, RDS instances, and VPCs.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are mainly function parameters for class constructors and property getters; no external untrusted data inputs are explicitly read from files, network, or environment variables.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks such as network connections, file writes, or system commands are present in the code. The code mainly performs object creation and property access within AWS CDK constructs.",
  "flows": "There are no data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks. The class constructors and property methods set and retrieve configuration data within the AWS CDK framework without executing external commands or network communication.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard AWS CDK infrastructure setup code with typical class definitions, type checking, and property methods. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic are evident. The `check_type` function performs runtime type validation but does not introduce malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical infrastructure-as-code library designed for AWS CDK deployment. It includes class definitions for WordPress components, type checking functions, and metadata imports. The absence of network calls, command executions, or file manipulations indicates a low likelihood of malicious intent. The use of standard AWS CDK imports and typical Python constructs suggest legitimate purpose. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard AWS CDK construct library for deploying WordPress, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs configuration and setup functions typical of infrastructure code, with no external data leaks or security risks detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}