{
  "purpose": "This code defines Pulumi resource classes for managing HPC Cache Blob Targets, including input argument classes, resource state classes, and the resource class itself. It is intended for infrastructure as code automation within Azure cloud environments.",
  "sources": "Data input parameters in constructors (__init__ methods), property getters, and optional parameters such as resource identifiers and configuration options.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data, network communication, or data exfiltration are present. No code executes system commands, writes to files, or interacts with external systems beyond the Pulumi framework.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are set during resource instantiation, passed into class constructors, and stored as resource properties. There are no dynamic execution or untrusted data flows that could lead to malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "The code is auto-generated by Pulumi's Terraform bridge tool, with explicit warnings not to modify it by hand. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are visible. The resource identifiers are placeholders for cloud resource IDs, which is normal for infrastructure code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Pulumi resource definition for managing Azure HPC Cache Blob Targets. It uses well-known patterns, including input and output classes, property getters and setters, and resource registration mechanisms. The initial comments and annotations specify that it is auto-generated and should not be modified. No code patterns indicate obfuscation, malicious payloads, or external command execution. There are no suspicious network calls, data leaks, or hidden behaviors. The only sensitive-looking data is resource IDs, which are typical in IaC scripts. Overall, the code appears purely declarative and intended for infrastructure management without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This is auto-generated, standard Pulumi resource code for Azure HPC Cache Blob Targets with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It functions as an infrastructure-as-code definition for resource provisioning. No malware, backdoors, or suspicious activity are evident.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 3
}