{
  "purpose": "This code provides a wrapper API for interacting with Jira Insight via REST API, facilitating operations such as object management, attachments, comments, icons, import processes, and indexing.",
  "sources": "HTTP GET requests to API endpoints, file reading in 'upload_attachment_to_object' method.",
  "sinks": "HTTP POST, PUT, DELETE requests to API endpoints, file upload via 'files' parameter in 'upload_attachment_to_object'.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., file contents, parameters) is read or received, then sent via HTTP requests to API endpoints, or files are opened and uploaded, with no evident data leaks or malicious redirects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets; no unusual code patterns or obfuscated code. Use of deprecated decorators appears standard. No hidden or obfuscated code features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical API wrapper for Jira Insight, with methods for resource management, data retrieval, and updates. It uses standard HTTP requests, file handling for attachments, and method parameterization. No hardcoded secrets, malicious data flows, or malicious behavior patterns are identified. The code does not perform any network connections outside intended API interactions, nor does it contain backdoors or data exfiltration routines. No indications of malware such as system compromise, cryptomining, or covert data transmission are present. The use of 'open' for reading files appears safe, and all external communications seem aligned with legitimate API calls. The code structure and usage of third-party libraries seem standard and not suspicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, straightforward API wrapper for Jira Insight, with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It operates within expected bounds for such an API client. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or data leaks are evident. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}