{
  "purpose": "The code is a wrapper for interacting with the Jira Insight API, providing methods to manage objects, schemas, attachments, comments, icons, imports, and progress updates.",
  "sources": "Code reads configuration parameters, file inputs for attachments, API responses containing IDs and data, and some parameters for API calls such as object IDs and schema IDs.",
  "sinks": "API request functions such as self.get(), self.post(), self.put(), self.delete() which send data to external endpoints; file operations for uploading attachments; potential URL manipulations.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., filenames, object IDs, attribute data) flow into API request functions, which send data or retrieve responses; file inputs flow into file uploads; response data is processed or returned.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard API interactions with no unusual code patterns. It includes deprecated methods, raising NotImplementedError for certain features, and some direct URL constructions. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious obfuscation are present. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected.",
  "analysis": "The class methods are primarily API wrappers that handle CRUD operations for Insight objects, schemas, attachments, comments, and other resources. There is careful handling of cloud vs. on-premise setups. File operations for attachments use open() to read files but do not handle sensitive data or obfuscation. No dynamic code execution or suspicious URL manipulations are observed. The only notable points are the presence of deprecated and unimplemented methods, which do not affect security. The code relies on external API endpoints and does not contain any logic that could be exploited maliciously within this context.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API wrapper with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It provides functionality for managing Jira Insight resources securely. No indicators of malware or security risks are detected based on this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}