{
  "purpose": "A wrapper class for interacting with the Insight API in Jira, providing methods for managing objects, schemas, attachments, comments, icons, imports, and other Insight-related functionalities.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as object_id, comment, filename, import_id, schema_id, type_id, and other identifiers; API responses from GET requests to various endpoints.",
  "sinks": "API calls that send data via POST/PUT/DELETE, including file uploads, comment creation, object creation/update, and index/reindex actions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to construct API URLs and request payloads; data flows from these parameters into API request bodies or URL paths, then to external servers via network calls.",
  "anomalies": "Use of deprecated and not implemented methods (e.g., create_object_schema, update_object_schema, delete_object_schema), but these are not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution patterns observed. No network connections to suspicious domains are evident, aside from legitimate API endpoints. No backdoors, data exfiltration, or system damage code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard API wrapper with methods for managing Jira Insight objects and related resources. It handles API interactions, including GET, POST, PUT, DELETE requests, and manages data via parameters. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data leakage, reverse shells, or covert network communications are present. The presence of deprecated methods and NotImplementedError raises no security concern but indicates incomplete feature implementation. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or secrets. There is no evidence of obfuscation, malicious code injections, or external network connections to suspicious domains. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate API client wrapper without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical API client wrapper for Jira Insight and does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. It performs expected API interactions for object and schema management. No signs of malware, backdoors, or security breaches are detected. The only concern is the incomplete implementation of some methods, which does not impact security.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}