{
  "purpose": "This code provides a wrapper API for interacting with Jira Insight, enabling management of objects, schemas, attachments, comments, icons, imports, indexing, and related resources.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from network responses via self.get(), self.post(), self.put(), and self.delete() calls; also reads files in upload_attachment_to_object().",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests for data retrieval and modification, file handling in upload_attachment_to_object(), and potential modification of Insight objects and attachments.",
  "flows": "Data flows from network responses into the get() methods, and untrusted input (e.g., filenames, comments, object IDs) can be used in network requests and file operations. Uploads involve reading files and sending their content via POST. API calls potentially modify server-side data.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated or unusual language features. The only use of deprecated methods is for backward compatibility. No suspicious network domain anomalies; URLs are consistent with Jira/Atlassian API endpoints. No hidden backdoors or malicious code segments are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard API wrapper facilitating interaction with Jira Insight resources. It performs network calls, file uploads, and data retrieval/update operations. There are no signs of malicious payloads, such as data exfiltration, system command execution, or connection to suspicious domains. The upload function handles files securely by opening in binary mode, but it relies on user-supplied filenames without validation, which could pose risks if files are malicious but not inherently malicious in the code. The code uses deprecated methods and raises NotImplementedError where features are incomplete. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate API wrapper without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward, well-structured API wrapper for Jira Insight resources. There are no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles data securely in standard ways. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}