{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for analyzing and manipulating Python function signatures, including resolving variable names, handling AST nodes, and forwarding function calls. It is part of a library for signature manipulation and analysis.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters, AST nodes, and global/local variables via resolve_name. Data is read when resolving variable names, processing AST nodes, and analyzing function call parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve attribute access, global variable retrieval, and dynamic resolution of names which could be manipulated. However, no direct data leakage or external network communication occurs in this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from source inputs such as function arguments, AST nodes, and variable names through resolution functions to processes that analyze or modify signatures, or reconstruct call signatures.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive dynamic name resolution and AST manipulation, but no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident. No obfuscated code or suspicious functions like network access, file damage, or data exfiltration are present.",
  "analysis": "The script is focused on analyzing and forwarding function signatures using AST parsing, name resolution, and call analysis. It handles various Python versions, resolves variable names from different scopes, and processes AST nodes for calls and functions. It does not include any network communication, file system manipulation, or privilege escalation. Its complexity arises from dynamic signature handling and name resolution, which are typical for signature analysis libraries. No suspicious code patterns, such as backdoors or data exfiltration mechanisms, are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for signature and call analysis with no malicious intent or malicious code detected. It does not exhibit malware behaviors like network access, data theft, or sabotage. Its design is consistent with signature analysis tools, and no security risks are evident based on the content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}