{
  "purpose": "This code provides tools for analyzing and manipulating Python function signatures, including parsing AST nodes, resolving names, and handling function calls for signature forwarding and analysis.",
  "sources": "Input sources include AST nodes from Python code, function objects, and global/local variable lookups.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve resolving names from globals, closures, and attributes, which could lead to leaking sensitive data if maliciously exploited. However, no explicit data exfiltration, system modification, or network activity is present.",
  "flows": "Code flow involves parsing AST, resolving variable names, handling function call analysis, and signature forwarding. The name resolution flow reaches global variables and closures, but no untrusted input is directly used for harmful actions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex name resolution mechanisms and dynamic AST parsing which can be exploited if combined with malicious input, but there are no explicit malicious actions like network access or system modification. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident. The logic is focused on signature analysis rather than data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides signature manipulation and function call analysis tools. It performs name resolution from AST nodes, global variables, and closures, with no evidence of malicious behavior. The name resolution functions could, in theory, be misused if they process malicious or untrusted code, but this is not implemented as malicious actions. The code does not perform network access, file modifications, or other harmful actions. No obfuscated code or malware patterns are detected. It appears to be a benign utility module for static code analysis and signature forwarding.",
  "conclusion": "This module is a benign utility for analyzing function signatures and AST nodes, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It could be misused if combined with malicious inputs, but as-is, it does not pose security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}