{
  "purpose": "Setup script for a Python package, used to install and configure the package 'z6exmlqqg8rtgckh' with dependencies and entry points.",
  "sources": "Imports from setuptools and os; hardcoded version strings; package setup configuration.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks such as network calls, file writes, or exec statements are present.",
  "flows": "No flow of untrusted data from sources to sinks; the code primarily defines package metadata and configuration.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of obfuscated-like variable names (e.g., 'UbhEOBzEKiXuLRKIPTEDUxQhsMBiuJLl', 'EjNmlKAcRpYbgazMsVCiJiBcZJqFAuGG') that seem unnecessary and intentionally obscure. The variable 'UbhEOBzEKiXuLRKIPTEDUxQhsMBiuJLl' is assigned a version string but not used elsewhere, indicating potential obfuscation or malicious intent. The key 'EjNmlKAcRpYbgazMsVCiJiBcZJqFAuGG' is set to False, which is unusual in setup scripts.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard setup functions from setuptools. It defines several variables with nonsensical or obfuscated names, which is unusual for typical setup scripts. The variable 'UbhEOBzEKiXuLRKIPTEDUxQhsMBiuJLl' is assigned a version string and then overwritten in the setup call with a different version, but the obfuscated variables and inconsistent naming suggest attempts to conceal or complicate the code. No network calls, dynamic code execution, or suspicious file operations are present. The package metadata appears normal, aside from the obfuscation. The variable 'EjNmlKAcRpYbgazMsVCiJiBcZJqFAuGG' is assigned but not used elsewhere, possibly a marker or a red herring.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard package setup script with obfuscated variable names and some redundant or nonsensical assignments. No direct malicious behavior or malware indicators are evident. The obfuscation could be a sign of attempting to hide malicious intent, but within this fragment, there is no active malicious activity. Overall, this seems to be a benign package setup with unnecessary obfuscation.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}