{
  "purpose": "This code defines an asynchronous agent task manager for handling tasks involving language model agents, including initialization, task processing, and streaming responses.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from 'tool_config' and 'prompt'; it also reads task request parameters, including 'id' and 'params'. It reads tools via 'get_tools' and environment setup from imported modules.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data flows include the 'response' from 'run_agent' which provides messages, and the 'chunk' data from 'run_agent_stream' which is converted to messages. These data are used to update task status and send over SSE streams.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input request parameters and 'tool_config' into tool setup, then into 'run_agent' and 'run_agent_stream', and finally into task updates and streaming responses. Messages from the agent are incorporated into task state and sent via SSE.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs dynamic initialization of agents and streaming tasks but does not include hardcoded credentials or suspicious obfuscation. Usage of external modules seems standard. No obvious backdoors or malicious logic are present.",
  "analysis": "The code creates an agent manager that initializes tools and agents dynamically based on configuration, then processes tasks asynchronously, updating task states and streaming partial results. The flow of data is typical for an agent-based system. There are no signs of hardcoded secrets, malicious data exfiltration, or backdoors. It relies on imported modules which are assumed to be benign. The handling of untrusted data is limited to the agent responses, which are processed securely into messages and streamed back. No suspicious file operations, network calls to suspicious domains, or code injections are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of an asynchronous agent task manager with streaming capabilities. It handles agent creation, task processing, and SSE streaming in a typical manner without evident malicious intent or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}