{
  "purpose": "Helper class for generating and rendering SVG graphics for charts using the pygal library.",
  "sources": "Imports modules (io, json, os, datetime, urllib.parse), class constructor (graph parameters), external data via file reading (CSS/JS files), configuration attributes, data passed to methods (e.g., serie, val).",
  "sinks": "Assignment to SVG element attributes, insertion of CSS/JS content, creation of SVG path data, text nodes for labels and tooltips, setting style and script contents, file paths for CSS and JS files.",
  "flows": "External data from files and parameters flows into CSS/JS content; data from 'graph' attributes flows into SVG element attributes, CSS, and JavaScript code; tooltip and label data flow into SVG nodes; file content flows into style/script elements.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'file://' protocol for CSS and JS files; dynamic string construction for JavaScript configuration; no hardcoded credentials or suspicious data leakage detected; no obfuscated code patterns; no malicious network activity or system modifications observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an SVG helper class for rendering charts with pygal. It manages creation of SVG elements, inline styles, and scripts, and reads external CSS/JS files via 'file://' URLs. These file references could be misused if user-controlled files are provided, but this is standard for local styling and scripting. No network connections, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present. The use of external file reading is controlled and does not inherently indicate malicious intent. The code does not contain obfuscated language features, backdoors, or hidden malicious logic. The dynamic generation of JavaScript configuration is typical for such libraries. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate component of a chart rendering library without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard SVG rendering helper for pygal charts. It reads external CSS/JS files, generates SVG elements, and embeds styling/scripts. No suspicious or malicious activities are detected. It appears safe and intended for legitimate visualization purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}