{
  "purpose": "The code provides an SVG helper class for generating SVG graphics in the pygal charting library, including methods for creating SVG nodes, adding styles and scripts, and rendering the SVG output.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from external CSS files, JS files, and possibly external style definitions through style.get_colors(), as well as from the graph configuration and data passed to methods like _tooltip_data() and _static_value().",
  "sinks": "The code writes SVG elements, style tags, and script tags into the SVG structure. It also creates URLs for external CSS/JS files and potentially includes data for tooltips and static values within the SVG elements.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external CSS/JS files into the SVG via 'file://' URLs, which are read and embedded or linked. Data from the graph configuration and data series is used to generate SVG nodes and styling. External data for tooltips and values are embedded within SVG attributes or text nodes.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically constructs URLs and reads external files for CSS and JS, which could be manipulated if external sources are compromised. However, this is standard for SVG generation and not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code does not perform any network communications or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured SVG helper class for a charting library, with standard methods for creating SVG elements, adding styles and scripts, and rendering. It reads external CSS/JS files via 'file://' URLs, which is typical for local resource embedding. No obfuscated code, code injection, or malicious behavior such as system access, data theft, or network communication is present. The external file handling is limited to reading files for styling purposes. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution. The purpose aligns with generating SVG graphics for charts, and all operations seem within the expected scope.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical SVG helper component for a charting library, responsible for generating SVG elements, styles, and scripts. It does not contain malware or malicious intent. While it reads external CSS and JS files, this is part of normal operation for embedding resources. No suspicious or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}