{
  "purpose": "This code provides helper functions and classes to generate SVG graphics for the pygal charting library, including styling, scripting, and rendering SVG elements.",
  "sources": "Reads data from class attributes (e.g., self.graph, self.graph.style, self.graph.nodes, self.graph.js, self.graph._tooltip_data, self.graph._static_value), configuration data, and external files (CSS and JS files via file:// URIs). No direct user input is processed.",
  "sinks": "Writes SVG elements and attributes, injects CSS and JS into SVG, and reads external CSS/JS files. No apparent data leaks or external network calls are initiated from this code.",
  "flows": "External CSS/JS files are loaded via file:// URIs; CSS and JS are embedded into the SVG; class attributes and element properties are set based on internal state and configuration. No untrusted data flows from user input to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code includes standard license comments and licensing info. No obfuscated language features or unusual constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward SVG helper class for generating SVG graphics with styling and scripting support. It loads external style and script files via file URIs, which could be misused if the files are malicious or maliciously modified, but this is standard for styling purposes. The code uses standard Python libraries, and all data is processed internally or from configuration files. There is no indication of network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The external file loading via file:// URIs might be considered a potential supply chain risk if those files are compromised, but the code itself does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate SVG generation helper for the pygal library. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. External resource loading is limited to local files, with no network activity. The code is well-structured and adheres to expected behavior for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}