{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for logging, nested dictionary processing, string replacement, safe type conversions, and string formatting.",
  "sources": "None; the code does not read external input beyond internal data structures and configuration.",
  "sinks": "None; no untrusted data is transmitted or executed.",
  "flows": "Data flows within functions for processing dictionaries and strings; no external flows or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated class and method names; unusual logging parameter name (`zNLHVujSIqcRSoWKWDbHveraLofiQJqS`), which appears to be a typo or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions with obfuscated identifiers, performing benign operations such as logging setup, nested dictionary flattening, string replacements, and safe conversions. No network activity, code execution, or data exfiltration is present. The logging configuration contains an unusual parameter name, likely a typo or obfuscation, but does not indicate malicious intent. The obfuscation of names is suspicious but not inherently malicious. All functions perform standard utility tasks without external dependencies or dangerous operations. The malware score is 0, as no malicious behavior is detected. The security risk score is low (~0.2), reflecting minimal threat but acknowledging obfuscation. The obfuscation score is higher (~0.7), justified by the nonsensical naming, which could be stylistic or concealment. Confidence in this assessment is high (around 0.8-0.9). Overall, the code appears benign, with obfuscation being the main stylistic concern, but no malicious activity is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility module with obfuscated identifiers. No evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or security vulnerabilities is present. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate and consistent with the analysis. The primary concern is obfuscation, which does not imply malicious intent but warrants cautious monitoring. Overall, the package can be considered low risk and safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}