{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for creating 2D geometric shapes such as circles, ellipses, polygons, rectangles, rounded rectangles, squares, and stars, as well as text rendering functions with configurable fonts.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters, imported modules (manifold3d, numpy, importlib), and configuration variables (config). The font name is input via `font_name` in `text_set_font`. The `tstr` string is input in `text`.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the dynamic import of the `_text` module and the use of external font files, but these are for rendering purposes. No direct unsafe data sinks such as network or file writing are present in this code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (radius, radii, sizes, number of points, font name, text string) flow into shape creation and text rendering functions. The `_module` global variable is set via dynamic import, which is a controlled operation. No untrusted data flows into system commands or external processes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior is observed. The code primarily performs shape generation with standard geometric computations. The dynamic import of `_text` is benign here, used for font management and text rendering. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script defines multiple functions for creating 2D shapes, such as circles, ellipses, polygons, rectangles, rounded rectangles, squares, and stars, utilizing imported modules for geometric computations. The code employs caching for unit circles and handles parameters carefully with validation functions. It also dynamically imports a text module for font management, which is standard for rendering features. There are no operations involving network access, system command execution, or data exfiltration. The only dynamic import occurs for the font module, which is controlled and not inherently malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a typical geometric utility library with font support, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a shape and text rendering utility with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. It performs standard geometric and rendering operations, employs safe practices like caching and parameter validation, and uses controlled dynamic importing for font management. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}