{
  "purpose": "Generate comprehensive reports for machine learning experiments, including visualizations, summaries, and output files (HTML/PDF).",
  "sources": "Input dictionaries for data summaries, preprocessing steps, model results; filesystem for template loading and report saving.",
  "sinks": "HTML or PDF files written to disk; base64-encoded images embedded in reports.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into visualization functions, then into HTML templates, and finally to output files.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious network activity detected. Use of external libraries and filesystem access is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward report generation module utilizing common open-source libraries. It creates visualizations, encodes images, renders templates, and saves reports. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or suspicious logic is present. External dependencies like pdfkit invoke external processes (wkhtmltopdf), which is typical but should be monitored in secure environments. The template loading via FileSystemLoader is standard; no signs of malicious manipulation. The code is well-structured, with correct usage of libraries and proper data handling. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are detected. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, security risk: ~0.2) are justified given the benign nature of the code and external dependencies.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard report generation utility with no signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The low security risk score is appropriate, and the malware score of 0 is justified. External process invocation via pdfkit and filesystem access are typical for such tasks but should be used with secure environment controls. Overall, the code is safe for production use, and the scores in the reports are consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}