{
  "purpose": "The code provides deprecated visualization functions for decision trees, offering backward compatibility and guidance to newer APIs.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, including tree models, datasets (X_train, y_train), feature names, and other configuration options. It also accesses imported modules and functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include warnings (which could be misused if manipulated), and the calls to ShadowDecTree.get_shadow_tree and DTreeVizAPI, which process models and data for visualization. No direct data leaks or harmful actions are observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into ShadowDecTree.get_shadow_tree, then into DTreeVizAPI, and finally into visualization methods. Warning messages are issued via warnings.warn, but no external network or file operations are performed.",
  "anomalies": "The code predominantly issues deprecation warnings for functions, with no suspicious code or unusual behaviors. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code present. The use of warnings warnings is benign and standard for deprecated functions.",
  "analysis": "The code contains multiple functions that serve as deprecated wrappers around newer visualization methods for decision trees. Each function issues a deprecation warning to inform users of the update, then processes the model and data by constructing shadow trees and visualization models. No direct or indirect malicious behaviors are apparent. The data flow is straightforward, involving parameter passing and method calls to imported visualization classes. No network operations, file I/O, or hidden code execution is present. The warnings issued are standard deprecation notices, and the overall code structure is typical for a visualization wrapper module.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of deprecated visualization functions designed for backward compatibility, issuing warnings to guide users toward newer APIs. It does not contain any malicious intent or suspicious behavior. The functions simply process input data/models and generate visualizations without any side effects or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}