{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for decision tree visualization, interpretation, and analysis, including deprecated functions for backward compatibility with older versions of the library.",
  "sources": "The code reads user input through function arguments, especially tree models, datasets (X_train, y_train), feature names, target names, and other parameters related to visualization and interpretation.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calls to visualization methods that may display data, and the warnings.warn() function, which logs deprecation messages. There are no sinks that perform data exfiltration, network communication, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (models, datasets, feature names) into shadow tree construction, then into visualization or interpretation functions via the DTreeVizAPI, with deprecated warnings issued at various points. The flow is strictly within visualization and interpretation logic, with no external data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "The code heavily relies on warnings.warn() for deprecation notices but does not perform any suspicious operations such as code execution, network communication, or file manipulations. The functions are wrapper-like and do not contain obfuscated code or hidden behavior. No hard-coded secrets or credentials are present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard libraries and custom modules related to decision tree visualization. All functions generate warnings about deprecation and redirect to newer methods via the DTreeVizAPI. The core logic involves constructing shadow trees from input models and datasets, then passing them to visualization or analysis methods. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command execution, or network activity are evident. The use of warnings is solely for user notification about deprecated functions. The data flow is limited to in-memory operations, and no external side effects or unsafe behaviors are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign, well-structured visualization and interpretation library component. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms. Its purpose is to assist users in decision tree visualization and analysis, with clear deprecation warnings for older functions. No security risks or malware indicators are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}