{
  "purpose": "The code provides deprecated functions for visualizing and interpreting decision trees, including support for backward compatibility with older API versions. It facilitates visualization of decision boundaries, leaf samples, node statistics, and prediction paths for decision tree models.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as tree models, training datasets (X_train, y_train), feature names, and other configuration options. External libraries such as warnings, numpy, pandas, and sklearn are used to handle data and warnings.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks for untrusted data or malicious payloads. The code does not execute any untrusted input directly or perform insecure operations such as system calls, network access, or data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters into internal methods of ShadowDecTree and DTreeVizAPI objects, which then generate visualizations or statistics. Warnings are issued before function calls, but these do not influence data flow or cause side effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains multiple deprecation warnings and redirects to newer methods. There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Usage of external libraries appears standard for visualization purposes. The functions are primarily wrappers and do not perform any suspicious operations.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step analysis indicates that the code mainly serves as an API wrapper for visualization functions, relying on external modules like dtreeviz, ShadowDecTree, and sklearn. It issues deprecation warnings, fetches shadow trees from models, and calls visualization methods. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data theft, code injection, or hidden backdoors. The code is focused on visualization and interpretation, with no indications of executing untrusted code or leaking data. The presence of warnings about deprecation suggests ongoing maintenance but does not affect security.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of deprecated visualization wrappers for decision tree models, primarily for backward compatibility. It does not contain malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities based on the provided content. No dangerous operations, such as code execution, data exfiltration, or network access, are evident. Overall, the code appears safe but should be reviewed alongside the modules it depends on for comprehensive security assessment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}