{
  "purpose": "The code provides visualization and interpretability functions for decision trees, including deprecated functions for backward compatibility with previous API versions.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as X_train, y_train, feature_names, class_names, and other tree model inputs. It also imports modules like warnings, numpy, pandas, and sklearn, and references external modules for shadow decision trees and visualization.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily interacts with visualization API methods and does not write or transmit untrusted data externally. No explicit sinks such as network connections, file writes, or command execution are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input datasets and model objects into shadow tree creation, which then passes into visualization API methods. No untrusted data is directly used in sensitive operations; flows are confined within data structures for visualization.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains multiple deprecated functions issuing warnings and instructing users to replace calls with newer methods, but this is standard for backward compatibility. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. There are no obfuscated language features or dynamic code execution. No suspicious or malicious behavior is detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily serves as a wrapper layer for visualization functions, relying on external modules such as ShadowDecTree and DTreeVizAPI. It issues deprecation warnings and forwards data to these APIs. There are no code injection points, network communications, or file system operations that could be malicious. All data handling appears to be within the context of data visualization and interpretation. No anomalies, backdoors, or malicious logic are detected. The code follows standard practices for API deprecation and backward compatibility.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of visualization wrapper functions for decision trees, mainly used for interpretability. It issues deprecation warnings and redirects to newer API methods. No malicious intent, malicious behavior, or security risks are evident. The code appears safe and clean in the context of supply chain security analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}