{
  "purpose": "Define various enumerations and helper functions for TLS protocol handling, including protocol versions, content types, cipher suites, and other TLS-related constants.",
  "sources": "Reading enumeration values, class methods, and class attributes; no external input or untrusted data sources present.",
  "sinks": "No sinks or data output points that handle untrusted data; the code is primarily definitions and utility functions.",
  "flows": "There are no data flows from untrusted sources to sinks; the code is static definitions and enum manipulations.",
  "anomalies": "The function _add_missing_enum_member() dynamically creates new enum members which could potentially be misused to craft unexpected enum values. The code in the _missing_ methods for enums returns a new member with a custom message, which could obscure actual invalid or malicious values, but this is standard enum extension behavior. The 'str' subclass for DistinguishedNameType could potentially generate unexpected members if invalid values are used, but this is not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of enum definitions for TLS protocol constants, with methods for handling missing values by dynamically creating new enum members. These patterns are typical for extensible enum implementations and do not introduce malicious behavior. The dynamic creation of enum members in _add_missing_enum_member() and _missing_ methods allows for flexible handling of unknown values, but does not by itself pose security issues. No data input, network operations, or executable code that could perform malicious actions are present. The code is static and intended for protocol handling. No hardcoded credentials, network communications, or obfuscated malicious code are detected. The only potential concern is the dynamic handling of missing enum values, which could hide unexpected or malformed data but is a common pattern for extensible enums.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of protocol constants and utility functions with standard handling of unknown enum values. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. The use of dynamic enum member creation could potentially obscure invalid values but does not constitute malicious activity. Overall, this appears to be a benign, well-structured set of protocol definitions with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}