{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for retrieving financial data from various sources such as Yahoo Finance and CSV files, with support for memoization, data cleaning, and merging.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-provided tickers, CSV files, and network requests to Yahoo Finance via yfinance.download().",
  "sinks": "Data is retrieved from network requests (yfinance), file reads (pandas.read_csv), and potentially modified or returned as pandas Series/DataFrames.",
  "flows": "Sources include user input and network/file reads, flowing into data retrieval functions, with the output being a DataFrame or Series that is returned after processing.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation observed. Warning issued for deprecated web() function, but it does not perform malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The code performs data retrieval from Yahoo Finance and CSV files with standard libraries and utility functions. It includes memoization to cache data and options for data cleaning and merging. The 'web' function issues a deprecation warning and redirects to yf(), which securely uses yfinance to download data. No network connections are made outside of yfinance, which is a well-known library. No code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. All external interactions are legitimate and controlled. The code does not process untrusted inputs in a way that could execute arbitrary code or leak data. No malicious or suspicious logic is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate data retrieval utility for financial data, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It uses standard libraries and practices, with appropriate safeguards. The only notable issue is the deprecated 'web' function warning, but it does not introduce security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}