{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for retrieving financial data from various sources (Yahoo, CSV, web) with memoization, data cleaning, and merging capabilities. Its purpose is to facilitate data acquisition and processing for financial analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments (tickers, fields), environment (via yfinance, pandas.read_csv), and internal functions (utils.parse_arg, utils.clean_ticker).",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted input is used in file paths or network requests, but here, data is fetched from trusted sources or local files. No direct sinks for untrusted data are present; no network connections are initiated outside yfinance, which is a legitimate data source.",
  "flows": "Input tickers and parameters flow into data fetching functions (yf, web, csv), which retrieve data and return pandas Series or DataFrames. Data then flows into merging, cleaning, and renaming steps before being output as a DataFrame.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are present. The only minor anomaly is the use of a deprecated 'web' function issuing a warning, which is benign. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscation, or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard data retrieval libraries (pandas, yfinance, ffn) with memoization decorators to cache results. It handles multiple data sources, cleans ticker symbols, and merges dataframes. No malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious network activity is evident. The deprecation warning in 'web' is benign and indicates legacy code. The data flows are straightforward, with no injection points or insecure handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard implementation for financial data retrieval and processing. There are no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The only minor concern is the deprecated 'web' function, which does not pose a security threat. Overall, the code is safe and well-structured.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}