{
  "purpose": "This code provides data retrieval functions for financial data, mainly from Yahoo Finance or CSV files, supporting memoization and data cleaning.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as 'tickers', 'ticker', 'path', and 'field'. External data sources include Yahoo Finance via yfinance.download and CSV files via pandas.read_csv.",
  "sinks": "The main sinks are data returned from yfinance.download, pandas.read_csv, and the data manipulations performed before returning DataFrames or Series.",
  "flows": "Sources like ticker strings and file paths are used to fetch data through provider functions; data flows into DataFrame or Series objects, with optional cleaning and merging. Data may be retrieved repeatedly due to memoization.",
  "anomalies": "Use of warnings.warn for deprecated functions; no evident hardcoded credentials or malicious code. The code performs data fetching and cleaning with no apparent malicious payload or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard libraries (pandas, yfinance, ffn) and custom utils. Functions perform data download, CSV reading, and data cleaning. Memoization is employed to cache results, which is standard. No suspicious network activity or backdoors are present. The deprecation warning indicates legacy code, but not malicious. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior is observed. No obfuscation or hidden code patterns are detected. External dependencies like yfinance are widely used; their use here appears legitimate. The code mainly handles data retrieval and cleaning, with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears legitimate, intended for financial data retrieval and processing. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are detected. The only noteworthy aspect is the use of a deprecated web data provider function with a warning, which does not pose a security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}