{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for parsing, serializing, importing, and exporting interval objects, with configurable regex patterns and conversion functions.",
  "sources": "Regex pattern matching for interval boundaries, user-supplied 'conv' functions for converting bounds, input string for parsing, interval object attributes for serialization.",
  "sinks": "Conversion functions ('conv') which could be malicious if untrusted, regex matching for parsing input strings.",
  "flows": "Input string is matched via regex to extract interval bounds; 'conv' functions process bounds; parsed data is used to create interval objects; serialization functions convert interval objects back to strings using 'repr' or custom functions.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, backdoors, or suspicious code detected. Use of regex patterns is standard and configurable. Reliance on user-supplied 'conv' functions is noted but is a common pattern.",
  "analysis": "The code provides standard interval parsing and serialization utilities. Regex patterns are used for boundary detection and bounds extraction, with configurable patterns for open/closed boundaries and infinities. The 'from_string' function matches input strings against regex, extracts bounds, converts them via 'conv', and constructs interval objects. The 'to_string' function serializes interval objects into strings, handling infinities and boundary types. No external system calls, network activity, or obfuscation are present. The only potential security concern is the use of 'conv' functions supplied externally, which could be malicious if untrusted, but this is a typical pattern in such utility functions and not indicative of malicious intent within the code itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured utility module for interval parsing and serialization. It does not contain malware or obfuscation. The main security consideration is the reliance on user-supplied 'conv' functions, which could be malicious if malicious functions are provided externally, but this is a known and acceptable pattern in such utilities. Overall, the code is safe, with a low security risk primarily due to external 'conv' functions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}