{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for parsing, serializing, and converting interval objects to and from string representations and data structures.",
  "sources": "Input strings to from_string(), data lists to from_data(), and interval objects to to_string() and to_data().",
  "sinks": "None of the functions directly execute or write data to external systems. No system commands, file I/O, or network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed through regex matching and conversion functions, with data transformations occurring in helper functions, but no untrusted data flows to external systems or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses regex for parsing, but all regex patterns appear standard and solely focused on interval syntax. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The conversion functions handle infinities safely. No suspicious variable names or constructs are used.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for interval parsing and serialization with configurable regex patterns and conversion functions. It uses standard Python regex for parsing interval strings into interval objects and vice versa. Conversion functions handle infinities and are straightforward. No external system calls, network operations, or file I/O are present. The regex patterns are standard for matching interval syntax. The code performs validation and parsing but does not perform any suspicious or malicious actions. The use of regex and conversions is consistent with typical interval parsing logic. There are no signs of obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious data flows.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward, well-structured library for interval parsing and serialization, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not perform any network operations, file manipulations, or system commands that could be malicious. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}