{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions related to transmission line theory, including calculations of impedance, reflection coefficients, propagation constants, and related electromagnetic properties.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as frequency, resistivity, permeability, load impedance, characteristic impedance, and electrical length, often provided as function arguments or variables within functions.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations and returns numerical results; it does not contain any data sinks that send data externally or perform I/O operations with untrusted sources.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function input parameters (e.g., frequency, impedance, length) through mathematical operations to computed outputs such as skin depth, surface resistivity, reflection coefficients, propagation constants, and impedance transformations. No external data flow outside function computations is evident.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The functions are straightforward implementations of physical formulas. The code avoids dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or misleading variable names. It imports standard scientific libraries, and no suspicious network or system calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements physical and mathematical formulas related to transmission line theory and electromagnetic properties, such as skin depth, surface resistivity, impedance conversions, and reflection coefficient calculations. All functions perform standard calculations with no signs of malicious behavior or malicious data handling. The functions are well-documented, and no external data is fetched or sent. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code segments are observed. The code is purely computational, with no network or file system operations. The use of numpy and scipy constants is standard for scientific calculations. The structure and formatting are conventional for scientific Python modules.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard scientific computation module for transmission line analysis without any malicious intent. It implements well-known formulas for electromagnetic properties and impedance calculations. There are no signs of malicious or sabotage code, nor any suspicious data flows or backdoors. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}