{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions for locale-aware formatting and parsing of numeric and currency data, including conversion, validation, and pattern-based formatting.",
  "sources": "Input sources include user-provided strings for parsing numbers and decimals, locale identifiers, and optional parameters for formatting functions. Data is read from locale data structures and global configuration data like 'all_currencies' and 'currency_fractions'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include formatted number, currency, and percent strings that could be used in UI or network output, as well as exceptions thrown with messages. The functions do not appear to execute untrusted data or perform system commands.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data (e.g., strings for parsing, format strings) flows from input parameters through parsing or formatting functions, potentially raising exceptions or returning formatted strings. There are no direct data flows leading to network or file operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. The code extensively uses regular expressions and decimal operations but does not appear to perform any malicious actions. Deprecated warnings suggest reliance on older APIs but not malicious behavior. No obfuscated code, no dynamic execution, or misleading variables are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs locale-aware number and currency parsing and formatting, heavily relying on the 'babel' library and locale data. It includes functions for validation, normalization, and formatting of numeric data, including complex pattern parsing and scientific notation. The functions raise custom exceptions for errors but do not execute any system commands, network requests, or data exfiltration. No use of input/output beyond string formatting and exception raising, and no code that would manipulate system files, environment variables, or perform network operations. The deprecation warning for 'format_number' indicates outdated API usage but not malicious intent. Overall, the code is consistent with a security-conscious design for locale-aware number formatting without any signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive utility for locale-aware numeric and currency formatting and parsing, using 'babel' data. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks beyond standard input validation and exception handling. No suspicious or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}