{
  "purpose": "The code provides localization and formatting utilities for numbers, currencies, percentages, scientific notation, and parsing localized number strings in various locales.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables for locale settings; it accesses global data for currency and number formatting; it parses input strings for numbers and decimals; it retrieves locale-specific symbols and formats.",
  "sinks": "The code processes input strings for parsing and formatting, but does not send data over networks or write files. It does use locale data and pattern strings for formatting but does not execute external code or access system resources directly.",
  "flows": "Input strings (local number representations) are parsed into numbers (sources) via parse_number and parse_decimal functions. These numbers are then formatted into locale-specific strings using functions like format_decimal, format_currency, etc. The formatting applies locale data and pattern strings to produce output strings.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses regular expressions for parsing patterns and input strings; it relies on locale data and pattern strings which could be manipulated if malicious data is introduced. However, no dynamic code execution, network access, or system modifications are present. The warnings indicate deprecation but not malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are found. The code performs standard locale-aware number handling.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive locale-aware number and currency formatting/parsing library. It accesses global locale data, parses user-input strings, and formats numbers according to locale patterns. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, network communication, or code injection. It uses standard Python features, regex for pattern matching, and locale data. No obfuscated code or suspicious logic detected. The code does not appear to perform any harmful actions; it strictly handles number formatting and parsing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate number formatting and parsing library focused on localization. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage. It operates solely within its defined scope of locale-aware number handling without external side effects or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}