{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for locale-dependent formatting and parsing of numeric data, including currencies, percentages, scientific notation, and decimals, primarily for internationalization purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads locale data, environment variables, and input strings for parsing numbers and formatting patterns. It also accesses global locale data for currencies, number symbols, and currency formats.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that format numbers, currencies, and patterns, which could incorporate untrusted input if pattern strings or locale data were maliciously manipulated, but no direct external data transmission or unsafe execution is evident.",
  "flows": "Input strings (numbers, patterns, locale identifiers) flow into parsing functions and formatting functions, which utilize locale data and formatting patterns to produce output strings. There are no indications of data flows leading to network transmission or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains deprecated warnings, extensive locale and pattern parsing, and complex regex patterns. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No unusual or suspicious code constructs are evident beyond complex pattern parsing and locale data usage.",
  "analysis": "The code extensively manages locale data for number formatting and parsing, utilizing external data sources like babel.core.Locale and locale data dictionaries. No code injection mechanisms, network operations, or system command executions are present. The regex patterns are used solely for pattern parsing. The functions do not perform operations outside number and pattern manipulation. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. The use of warnings and exception classes appears standard. The code relies on standard Python modules and babel library functions, with no signs of obfuscated or malicious code. The pattern parsing and formatting logic is complex but consistent with locale-aware number processing, not malicious. Overall, the code's purpose aligns with locale-sensitive number formatting and parsing without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a comprehensive locale-aware number formatting and parsing library without malicious behavior. It handles complex pattern parsing and locale data access responsibly, with no network or system-level malicious operations. The structure and logic are consistent with legitimate internationalization functions, and there are no indicators of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}