{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for formatting, parsing, and handling locale-dependent numeric and currency data, including currency validation, number formatting, and pattern parsing.",
  "sources": "Input sources include user-provided strings for parsing numbers/decimals, locale identifiers, and formatting patterns. Data is also retrieved from global locale data, environment variables, and internal data structures such as currency data, symbols, and patterns.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include formatted output strings, pattern applications, and locale data retrieval. No sinks directly send data over network or write to files. Function calls like 'format_pattern().apply()' process untrusted data into output strings, but these are formatting operations, not code execution.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input strings or parameters into parsing functions or pattern applications, with validation and normalization steps. Parsed data is then used to produce formatted strings, with some optional data manipulation (e.g., pattern parsing, number scaling). No malicious flows or code injection paths are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code uses standard library modules (decimal, re, warnings, datetime) and well-known locale data. Pattern parsing and application are typical for formatting libraries. No obfuscated code, hidden network connections, or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code extensively handles locale-specific number and currency formatting, parsing, and pattern processing, adhering to Unicode CLDR standards. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or sabotage mechanisms. The functions operate solely on data transformation, pattern parsing, and data validation. No network operations, system commands, or insecure practices are present. The only minor concern could be warnings about deprecated functions, but this is not malicious. Overall, the code appears legitimate and secure.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a comprehensive locale-aware number and currency formatting library with no signs of malicious intent. It performs standard data validation, parsing, and formatting operations securely without external data exfiltration or sabotage mechanisms.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}