{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom exception classes for the isort Python package, primarily for handling various error conditions related to configuration, syntax, and processing issues.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from exception parameters such as file paths, profile names, code snippets, and settings dictionaries.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data includes exception messages constructed with user-provided parameters like file paths, profile names, code snippets, and configuration settings.",
  "flows": "User-provided input (file paths, profiles, code, settings) flows into exception messages through constructor parameters, which are then used in error strings. No data flows into external systems or networks.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code uses standard exception inheritance, string formatting, and static methods. No hardcoded credentials or obfuscated code are observed. The only data handling involves constructing error messages with input parameters.",
  "analysis": "The code solely defines exception classes with constructors that format error messages based on input parameters. No input is processed dynamically or used in unsafe operations. No network, file I/O, or system command execution occurs within this code. The inputs are used purely for descriptive error reporting. The code does not perform any suspicious or malicious actions. It appears to be a straightforward exception class definition module intended for internal error handling within the isort package.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of custom exception classes for error handling in the isort library. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malicious code injection, or supply chain attacks. It functions only to report errors with context. The risk assessment is very low, and there is no evidence of malware or security issues within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 3
}