{
  "purpose": "This code provides authentication and authorization decorators and functions for a Flask and Dash web application, allowing protected access to certain functions or outputs based on user groups stored in session data.",
  "sources": "User session data (session['user']) accessed in list_groups(), check_groups(), and session['user']['email']. No other external or untrusted input sources are explicitly used.",
  "sinks": "Return values of the decorated functions or callbacks, which are controlled by user session permissions. No direct data leakage or malicious data modification is evident.",
  "flows": "User session data is read in list_groups() -> check_groups() evaluates permissions based on session data -> protected() and protected_callback() control access to functions or outputs based on permission checks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are detected. The code relies on standard session handling, permission checking, and decorator patterns. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or misleading variable names are present.",
  "analysis": "The code securely reads user group information from Flask session data, which is a standard practice. Permission checks are performed using set operations and logical conditions. The decorators are designed to control access to functions or outputs based on user permissions, raising PreventUpdate exceptions when unauthorized, which is typical in Dash applications. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, network communication, or backdoors. The use of logging for access attempts is standard and non-malicious. Overall, the code appears to implement authorized access control with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements standard, safe permission-based access control for a Flask-Dash application. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are detected based on this code snippet. It functions as intended for permission checking without introducing security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}