{
  "purpose": "A wrapper around Python's monotonic clock to measure relative time intervals safely, avoiding system clock changes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the system's monotonic clock via time.monotonic() in the now() class method.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks where untrusted data is processed or could lead to data leaks or effects, as the code does not handle external input/output.",
  "flows": "The source is the call to time.monotonic() in the now() method, which provides a float value stored in seconds; this value is used internally for calculations and comparisons within the Instant class.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, obfuscation, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code is straightforward and uses standard library functions without any hidden or malicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an immutable data class Instant that encapsulates a monotonic timestamp. It provides addition with timedelta objects and subtraction with other Instant instances, facilitating time interval calculations. The now() class method retrieves the current monotonic time safely. All operations rely solely on standard Python libraries, with no external data flow, network activity, or obfuscation. The code's simplicity and adherence to best practices suggest it is benign and intended solely for measuring elapsed time reliably. The reports correctly identify this, assigning a malware score of 0, security risk of 0, and obfuscated score of 0, with high confidence. No vulnerabilities, malicious behavior, or suspicious patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured utility for monotonic time measurement. All reports are accurate, and the scores assigned are appropriate. There are no signs of malicious intent, obfuscation, or security risks. The code can be considered safe and suitable for use in supply chain contexts where reliable timing is needed.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}