{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Python REST client library for lazr.restful services, managing resources, collections, and HTTP interactions with JSON serialization. It facilitates resource binding, pagination, and resource operations.",
  "sources": "HTTP responses, URL parsing, user-supplied parameters, resource definitions, network requests, JSON data, environment variables (if any).",
  "sinks": "Network requests (GET, POST, PATCH, DELETE), JSON serialization/deserialization, file operations (for HostedFile), URL manipulations.",
  "flows": "Input data from network responses and user parameters flow into resource representations and request constructions; untrusted data is transmitted via HTTP requests; responses are parsed into resource objects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious logic detected. Code is well-structured and uses standard libraries and practices.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical REST client SDK with resource and collection management, JSON handling, and network interactions. It employs standard Python modules, handles URL parsing, JSON encoding, and resource binding securely. No signs of obfuscation, malicious payloads, or covert data exfiltration are present. The resource classes manage representations, links, and operations in a clear, maintainable manner. The network requests are performed via the browser object, with proper handling of headers and responses. No unsafe code execution, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious data flows are evident. The overall design aligns with best practices for SDK development, with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured Python REST client library for lazr.restful services. It contains no malicious code, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The resource management, network interactions, and JSON processing follow standard patterns. Based on the analysis, there is a negligible security risk, and the malware likelihood is effectively zero.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}