{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to perform language translation by calling an external inference service via SQL functions within Snowflake's Snowpark environment.",
  "sources": "User inputs or external data passed to 'translate' or '_translate_impl' functions, particularly the 'text', 'from_language', and 'to_language' parameters.",
  "sinks": "The 'call_sql_function' invocation, which executes a SQL function in Snowflake with the provided parameters, potentially using untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Data from input parameters flows into 'call_sql_function' through '_translate_impl', which then executes a SQL function in Snowflake, potentially exposing data or system behavior.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic function name 'snowflake.cortex.translate' and call to 'call_sql_function' with user-provided parameters. No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or obfuscated code detected. The code appears to be straightforward wrapper functions for external SQL calls. The decorator usage for telemetry is standard. No suspicious or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a 'translate' function that wraps a call to a SQL function 'snowflake.cortex.translate', passing user-supplied text and language parameters. It employs type hints for input validation and deprecation warnings for backward compatibility. The '_translate_impl' function encapsulates the core logic of calling 'call_sql_function' with the function name and parameters. The presence of telemetry instrumentation indicates monitoring of API usage. No signs of code injection, malicious behavior, or hidden backdoors are present. The code relies on external functions and services, which are assumed to be secure. There are no hardcoded secrets, suspicious dynamic code execution, or unusual data handling patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured wrapper for calling an external SQL-based translation service within Snowflake. It does not contain malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or suspicious data handling. The code's security posture is acceptable assuming the external 'call_sql_function' and Snowflake environment are secure.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}