{
  "purpose": "The script defines setup procedures for PyObjC framework wrappers, including build, install, testing, and packaging configurations.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from environment variables, subprocess outputs, files (plist, header files), and package metadata.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include subprocess calls (e.g., 'sw_vers', 'clang', 'xcrun'), file reads/writes, environment variable usage, and dynamic code execution via import and subprocess.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment variables and system commands into subprocess outputs, which influence build flags, SDK paths, and SDK versions; file data (plist, headers) influence configuration; test suite execution involves importing modules and running tests.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets are present. Use of subprocess to invoke system tools (sw_vers, clang, xcrun) is standard for system info retrieval. Dynamic imports for test modules are typical for test frameworks. No suspicious network activity or malicious actions are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs environment inspection, system querying, file handling, and setup customization for building and testing a Python package on macOS. It invokes system tools like 'sw_vers', 'clang', and 'xcrun' to gather system info and SDK details. It modifies build parameters based on SDK levels, sets compiler flags, and manages sys.path for testing. No code performs data exfiltration, network connections, or other malicious activities. Subprocess calls are used solely for system info, and file reads are for configuration purposes. There are no signs of obfuscated code or malicious payloads. The code structure is standard for build scripts.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard build and test configuration file for PyObjC, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It utilizes system commands and file data appropriately for its purpose. No malware or malicious intent is detected, and the overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}