{
  "purpose": "The code provides mathematical functions for integer arithmetic, divisibility, and root/log calculations, intended for use in number theory and related computations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters via function arguments, such as 'a', 'b', 'n', 'k', and 'b' (for log), and performs internal computations.",
  "sinks": "There are no external data sinks or outputs that send untrusted data externally, nor any network or file I/O operations. The functions return results based solely on input arguments.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters into internal calculations, including loops and recursive calls for root calculations, with no external or untrusted data sources involved.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard mathematical algorithms and has no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior. The import of a helper module suggests reliance on external verification functions, but nothing suspicious is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of mathematical functions for integer calculations, including gcd, egcd, lcm, prod, integer square root, k-th root, and logarithm base calculations. It uses standard algorithms and Python built-in functions where applicable. The functions include parameter validation and handle edge cases appropriately. There are no external data transmissions, no dynamic code execution, or suspicious behaviors. The only external dependency is a helper module, which is assumed to be safe. The overall structure is straightforward and consistent with mathematical libraries, with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign mathematical utility library for number-theoretic computations. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It is well-structured, with no anomalies or suspicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}