{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for performing power analysis and visualization on bootstrap results, primarily used for statistical analysis and plotting.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include 'bootstrap_result_list' which is a list of BootstrapResults objects, and data generated internally (e.g., numpy random normal distributions). It also imports pandas, numpy, and warnings modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of matplotlib.pyplot for plotting. No untrusted data inputs are processed in a way that leads to vulnerabilities; data is mostly generated or passed in as objects. No unsafe data leaks or code executions are detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from bootstrap_result_list through functions like _get_power_df and power_stats for analysis, then to plot_power for visualization, with no external untrusted input feeding into these functions. The flow remains within the confines of data passed as arguments.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscated code, or suspicious behavior are present. The code adheres to standard practices for statistical analysis and plotting. No unusual or malicious code constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for statistical data processing and visualization without external input manipulation or dangerous operations. It uses common data analysis libraries (pandas, numpy, matplotlib) in a typical manner. No data leaks, unsafe code, or malicious behavior are apparent. The only external actions are warnings and plotting, which are benign. The generated data and plots serve analysis purposes only.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard statistical analysis and visualization script with no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate utility for power analysis. There are no indicators of malware or security vulnerabilities within the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}