{
  "purpose": "The code creates a web dashboard application for visualizing IMU sensor data, including acceleration, gyroscopic data, and orientation in 3D space.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'live_data' object, which is instantiated from 'LiveData' imported from 'uart_ble'. It also reads configuration constants from 'definitions'. It calls 'start_imu_thread' from 'uart_ble' to initiate sensor data collection.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any explicit untrusted data sinks such as network transmissions, file writes, or system modifications. It primarily processes data internally for visualization.",
  "flows": "Sensor data flows from the 'LiveData' object (populated by 'start_imu_thread') into visualization functions that generate Plotly figures for display. No external or untrusted data flows into the application beyond sensor data; visualization outputs are only displayed in the app.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or suspicious code constructs are present. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is detected. All imported modules are standard or project-specific libraries. The code's data handling and visualization logic are straightforward and typical for a dashboard.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a Dash web app to visualize IMU data with functions for plotting 3D orientation and time-series acceleration and gyroscopic data. It initializes live sensor data via 'start_imu_thread' and runs a server for real-time updates. No external network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification code is present. The sensor data is processed for visualization only, with no suspicious data handling. The code structure is clear, and dependencies are standard for such an application.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard data visualization dashboard for IMU sensor data with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions as intended for displaying sensor information securely without evident security risks.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}