{
  "purpose": "This module provides a configuration management system for an AI Data SDK, handling environment variables, configuration files, and validation.",
  "sources": "Reads input/data from environment variables, configuration files (JSON), and possibly user-supplied file paths.",
  "sinks": "Uses environment variables for secrets (API keys, database URLs), logs configuration activities, and reads from files which could be maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Loads configuration from files and environment variables; validates and merges data into internal config; exposes methods to access secrets like API keys and database URLs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials other than API keys and database URLs, which are expected and environment-dependent. No suspicious code execution, obfuscation, or hidden backdoors detected. The only sensitive data is managed via environment variables, which is standard. The logging of configuration activities is normal, not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically loads configuration from default values, environment variables, and optional JSON files, performing validation and logging. It manages secrets like API keys and database URLs securely via environment variables, avoiding hardcoded secrets. The deep merge and validation logic are typical for configuration systems. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful code. The code is well-structured, straightforward, and adheres to common security practices. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard, secure configuration management module with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It securely handles sensitive information through environment variables, performs validations, and logs activities appropriately. There are no suspicious or harmful behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}