{
  "purpose": "The code provides a wrapper around the MediaInfo library to extract media file metadata, supporting parsing from files, URLs, or file-like objects, and converting the data into structured formats like dict or JSON.",
  "sources": "Reads input from filename or file-like objects, including paths, URLs, or binary buffers. Reads environment variables for library detection and versioning.",
  "sinks": "Uses the libmediainfo C library functions, passing filenames or buffers directly. No data sinks appear to send untrusted data over the network or to external systems.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from user-supplied filenames or buffers into the libmediainfo functions, which process and return metadata. No untrusted data is explicitly transmitted elsewhere; the flow is confined within media analysis functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks. The code handles dynamic library loading with fallback paths, which is standard. No obfuscated or unusual language features are present. Uses regex to parse version info, which is typical. The only notable point is the dynamic loading of native libraries and potential use of URLs as input, but these are expected for media analysis tools.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily wraps the libmediainfo C library to analyze media files, handling various input types and library loading strategies. It manages buffer reading, version checks, and options setting carefully. No evidence of malicious code or sabotage is detected. It does not contain code for network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The only aspect to watch is the ability to process URLs as input, which is a standard feature but could be misused if supplied malicious URLs; however, this is not inherently malicious. No code injection, credential theft, or backdoors are present. The overall structure adheres to expected media library wrapping practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured wrapper for the MediaInfo library, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It securely manages library loading, input processing, and data extraction without engaging in harmful activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}