{
  "purpose": "This module serves as a wrapper around the MediaInfo library for extracting media file metadata, providing classes to parse and represent media track information.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration and version info from importlib.metadata, XML input for media info, file paths or file-like objects for media files, environment variables (indirectly through os), and system libraries for libmediainfo.",
  "sinks": "Uses libmediainfo functions to process media files; the data is returned as XML or JSON strings; no direct sinks for untrusted input data are evident beyond standard library calls.",
  "flows": "Reads media files or XML data -> processes with libmediainfo functions -> retrieves media info as strings -> constructs data structures (Track, MediaInfo) -> returns data in dict, JSON, or object form.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution. Library paths are checked dynamically; no hidden network activities or system modifications are observed. The use of ctypes to load external libraries is standard for such wrappers.",
  "analysis": "The code carefully loads external media info libraries based on OS, initializes and manages library handles, and processes media files or XML data to extract media metadata. No malicious logic, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification, is present. It handles files and buffers securely, with proper error handling and cleanup. The use of warnings and version checks appears appropriate. No indications of backdoors or malicious behavior are detected. The data flow strictly involves reading media info and returning structured data or JSON.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard, well-structured wrapper for libmediainfo to extract media metadata. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or suspicious code. All external interactions are confined to library calls, and no network or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. Overall, it is a safe, legitimate library wrapper without signs of malware.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}