{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Flask web server that provides an interactive web interface and API endpoints for analyzing TLS certificates and connection security for specified domains.",
  "sources": "User input is read from form data ('domains') and JSON payloads ('domains' list). There are no other significant sources of untrusted data in the code.",
  "sinks": "Results are returned via JSON responses or rendered HTML pages. No system commands, network connections, or file writes are directly present in the code; the analyze_certificates function is called with user data but its implementation is external.",
  "flows": "User inputs (from form or JSON) are processed and passed as arguments to analyze_certificates for each domain. Results are sent back as JSON or rendered in HTML; no sensitive data flows or leaks are evident within this code segment.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, obfuscated elements, or hardcoded secrets are detected. The code appears to perform standard input handling, data processing, and web serving functions without hidden or suspicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a web interface and API for TLS analysis, accepting domain names as user input. It safely processes form data and JSON requests, calling an external analysis function. The use of Flask's request handling and rendering is standard. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, network exfiltration, or dangerous behavior. The analyze_certificates function is imported but not defined here; assuming it performs standard TLS checks without malicious intent. The code avoids executing system commands, handling sensitive data improperly, or making suspicious network connections. Overall, the code seems to serve its purpose as a TLS analysis tool without malicious features.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard web server application providing TLS certificate analysis functionality. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It safely handles user input, produces output, and calls external analysis functions presumed to be safe. No malware or malicious activity is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}