{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Flask web server that provides an interactive web interface and API for analyzing TLS certificates and connection health for given domains.",
  "sources": "Input sources include user-submitted domain names via form input or JSON payloads in API requests.",
  "sinks": "Data from user input flows into the 'analyze_certificates' function, which performs TLS analysis; results are returned as JSON or rendered HTML. No direct data leak sinks are apparent; data is mostly used internally for rendering or response.",
  "flows": "User input (domains, flags) -> analyze_certificates() -> results -> rendered HTML or JSON response.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no use of unsafe code injection techniques; code appears to primarily call external TLS analysis functions. The HTML template embeds Bootstrap and styles but no suspicious inline scripts. No signs of obfuscation or hidden backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes a Flask app that offers a form-based interface and a REST API endpoint for TLS analysis. User inputs are sanitized minimally (stripping whitespace, replacing commas), then passed to the analyze_certificates function. The code does not manipulate or store sensitive data beyond analysis results. The analyze_certificates function is imported, so its behavior cannot be assessed here, but it appears to be a legitimate TLS analysis utility. The server startup logs and route definitions are standard. No suspicious data exfiltration, command execution, or malicious network activity is evident within this code fragment.",
  "conclusion": "The code serves as a web interface for TLS certificate analysis, utilizing established libraries and patterns. It does not contain any malicious or backdoor code, nor hardcoded secrets or unsafe practices. All data flows appear to be benign and intended for analysis purposes only.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}