{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Flask web server providing an interface and API for analyzing TLS certificates of user-supplied domains, including certificate validation, chain analysis, and transparency checks.",
  "sources": "Reads user input from form data ('domains') and JSON payloads ('domains' list). Reads request headers for content negotiation. Calls analyze_certificates() function for each domain.",
  "sinks": "Outputs JSON responses with analysis results. Renders HTML templates for display. No unsafe command execution or data leaks observed.",
  "flows": "User inputs domains via form or API -> Server processes input -> Calls analyze_certificates() for each domain -> Results are returned as JSON or rendered HTML.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. Use of external CDN for Bootstrap is standard. No obfuscated or unusual code structures. No dynamic code execution or suspicious data handling.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a web interface and API for TLS analysis, invoking the analyze_certificates() function to perform security checks. Input handling is straightforward, with proper parsing of user data from form and JSON. There are no indications of malicious activity, such as data exfiltration, command injection, or hidden backdoors. The code does not perform any insecure operations; third-party library usage is standard, and no malicious payloads are present. The use of external CDN is typical for web apps and not suspicious. No cryptic or obfuscated code structures are present. The server startup logic is conventional, and error handling is minimal but standard.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign implementation of a TLS analysis web service with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It handles user input securely and provides analysis results appropriately. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}