{
  "purpose": "The code provides an HTTP client wrapper for interacting with the Marketo API, including rate limiting, retries, and request handling.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include endpoint URLs, request parameters, headers, and optional file uploads. Data is read from these inputs when constructing HTTP requests.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the requests made via requests.get, requests.post, and requests.delete, which send data over the network. The responses are processed to return JSON data or raise exceptions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into request constructions, then through the requests library calls, and finally into JSON parsing or exception raising depending on the response.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or suspicious constructs detected. The code uses standard libraries and clear flow control. No hardcoded credentials or secret leaks are present. Use of global variables (max_retry_time) is noted but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a rate-limited, retry-enabled HTTP client with functions for GET, POST, and DELETE requests. Uses backoff for retries on exceptions, with a custom error handling to determine fatal errors. The rate limiting is implemented via a decorator, and requests are made with configurable timeouts. File upload handling uses mimetypes to guess the MIME type, which is standard. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious network activity is evident. The purpose is API communication with retry and rate limiting, with no evidence of malicious behavior or data exfiltration.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured HTTP client wrapper for the Marketo API. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data handling. The use of rate limiting and retries aligns with typical API client implementations. Overall, no security threats or malware are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}