{
  "purpose": "The code appears to create a web interface for audio processing and annotation, likely using the Gradio library for visualization and interaction.",
  "sources": "Data sources include user inputs such as file paths and uploads, and possibly external files specified via file paths.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include uploading files, possibly transmitting data through the upload function, and calling external modules which might process or transmit data.",
  "flows": "Input data from user-provided file paths or uploads flows into the methods 'edit' and 'upload' of the external classes, which could potentially process or transmit data externally.",
  "anomalies": "The imported functions and classes have obfuscated names, making their purpose unclear. The variable and function names are non-descriptive and look intentionally obfuscated. The code does not contain any explicit network communications, but the use of upload functions and obfuscated imports warrants further scrutiny.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a Gradio interface with two custom modules, which are imported with obfuscated names. These modules are used to process and upload data based on user interaction. The obfuscation of class and function names suggests an attempt to hide their purpose, which could be suspicious. There are no clear signs of malicious activity like hardcoded credentials, network communication, or destructive actions. However, the obfuscated names prevent a definitive understanding of what the external modules do, especially since they might contain malicious behavior concealed within their implementations. The code itself does not include network communication, data exfiltration, or system modifications, but reliance on external, obfuscated modules introduces potential risks.",
  "conclusion": "The script sets up a Gradio-based interface that interacts with external, obfuscated modules. While the code itself does not show direct malicious behavior, the obfuscation and lack of transparency about the imported modules raise concerns. The code could potentially be used to collect or transmit user data without clear disclosure. Further inspection of 'gryannote_audio' and 'gryannote_rttm' modules is recommended to confirm their behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 2
}