{
  "purpose": "Sample application demonstrating Google Apps Calendar Resource API interactions, including creating, retrieving, updating, and deleting resources.",
  "sources": "User inputs via raw_input() and getpass.getpass() for domain, email, password, resource_id, resource_name, resource_description, resource_type, and operation selection.",
  "sinks": "Methods called on self.client such as CreateResource, GetResource, UpdateResource, DeleteResource which perform API calls potentially transmitting data externally.",
  "flows": "User inputs are collected and passed into API methods which may send data over the network; no untrusted data is processed in critical code; flow is straightforward from input to API call.",
  "anomalies": "Use of raw_input() and getpass.getpass() to collect sensitive credentials and resource data directly from user input. No hardcoded credentials or secrets in code. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward sample app for managing calendar resources via Google's API. It collects user input for credentials and resource properties, then calls the corresponding API methods. The code does not perform any network operations directly but relies on the gdata.calendar_resource.client library for API interactions. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present; user-provided passwords are used securely via getpass. There is no evidence of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden network connections. All inputs are handled explicitly with no unsafe processing. The code is well-structured, with clear separation of input, processing, and API calls. No anomalies or suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign sample app for managing calendar resources. It collects user credentials and resource info, then interacts with Google's API. No malicious behavior, security risks, or obfuscation detected. It appears safe for use with appropriate user credentials and normal operation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}