{
  "purpose": "The code defines multiple classes and functions for interacting with various SEC API endpoints, primarily for retrieving and processing SEC filings, disclosures, and related data.",
  "sources": "API endpoints for requests, JSON responses from requests.post and requests.get calls, user-supplied parameters such as URLs, query data, accession numbers, and other identifiers.",
  "sinks": "Requests to external SEC API endpoints, responses returned to the caller, potential handling of URLs and identifiers that could be manipulated or misused if user input is untrusted.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., URLs, query parameters, accession numbers) is used to build API request URLs. Requests are sent via requests.post or requests.get. Responses are processed and returned, with retry logic on 429 errors. API key is included in all request URLs.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious function behaviors are evident. The code contains extensive retry logic on rate-limited responses, which is standard. No data exfiltration or hidden backdoors are apparent. API endpoints are publicly known, and the code interacts with them in a straightforward manner. The only potential concern is the repeated, unencrypted use of API keys in URL parameters, but this is typical for such API calls.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily acts as a wrapper around SEC API endpoints, providing structured access to filings, filings metadata, XBRL data, extracts, mappings, and other SEC data. All API interactions are initiated via requests with API keys included in URL parameters. The logic includes retries for rate limiting, which is common. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data theft, hidden network communications, or backdoors. No user inputs are directly executed as code or injected into commands. The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured API client library intended for secure and authorized access to SEC data. Overall, the implementation does not exhibit malicious intent or dangerous security flaws.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client library for SEC data, with no signs of malicious activity or sabotage. It handles rate limiting appropriately and uses common practices for data retrieval. No evidence of malware, backdoors, or data leaks is present. The reliance on API keys in URLs is typical but should be protected in deployment. Overall, the code is safe based on the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}