{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to fetch, parse, and process datasets from PhysioNet, specifically handling ZIP files, HTML parsing, and reading biological signal data.",
  "sources": "URL requests to fetch dataset ZIP files and HTML content, reading local files such as 'RECORDS' to load signal data.",
  "sinks": "None evident; data is processed locally and returned via dataset_from_dataframe. No untrusted data is executed or directly transmitted.",
  "flows": "URL request fetches HTML, which is parsed to extract ZIP filename; ZIP file is downloaded and extracted; 'RECORDS' file is read to load signal data; info strings are parsed and combined into DataFrame; data returned as dataset.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Usage of urllib.request and HTMLParser appears standard and safe. Parsing functions handle data formatting safely, with exception handling. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated parts present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs network requests to retrieve dataset ZIP files via urllib, parses HTML content to find ZIP filenames, and reads biological signal data using wfdb. Parsing of info strings uses regex and literal_eval, which are standard. Data is organized into pandas DataFrames and passed to a dataset creation function. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious data transmission. The code functions as a legitimate dataset fetcher and parser for PhysioNet datasets, with appropriate error handling. No suspicious or malicious patterns are identified, and the overall structure aligns with typical data processing workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard dataset fetching and processing module with no signs of malicious behavior. It safely retrieves data over HTTPS, parses HTML content, reads signal data, and organizes it for further use. There are no indications of malware, data exfiltration, or malicious logic.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}