{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for generating random values with various statistical distributions.",
  "sources": "Code reads from imported modules (random, numpy, math), and within functions via random() calls and distribution parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially, the random() function calls could be used in flows that generate data; the mixture() and custom_distribution() functions could lead to arbitrary value generation. No direct data leaks or external data transmission observed.",
  "flows": "Inputs from function parameters or internal random() calls flow into distribution calculations, with no external data transmission or environment variable access.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Usage of random() for all distributions appears standard. The custom_distribution uses maximum pdf estimation, which is typical. No obfuscated code or misleading variable names observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple distribution functions using standard mathematical formulas and calls to well-known libraries (_math, _np). The functions validate input parameters appropriately, and no suspicious code injection, network activity, or data exfiltration is present. Use of numpy for gamma, zipf, and vonmises distributions aligns with typical statistical implementations. No code patterns indicative of malware or sabotage. No hardcoded secrets or hidden behaviors identified. The only possible concern is the custom_distribution function, which performs rejection sampling but does not leak data or access external resources beyond randomness, consistent with typical distribution sampling. Overall, the code appears safe and standard for statistical random value generation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code consists of standard statistical distribution functions that generate random values based on well-known mathematical formulas. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are detected. The code is consistent with legitimate statistical sampling implementations, with no signs of malware, data leaks, or suspicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}