{
  "purpose": "The code provides a collection of functions for generating random values following various statistical distributions, likely intended for simulation, modeling, or probabilistic analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from internal random number generators (random(), _np.random functions, _math.log, etc.), and in some functions, parameters provided as arguments (e.g., mu, sigma, p, alpha).",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows primarily through these functions' internal calculations, but no external sinks like network operations, file writes, or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Random inputs from functions like random(), uniform(), _np.random, and external parameters feed into distribution calculations, producing output values. No external data is fed into the system beyond function parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of statistical distribution sampling. Usage of _np.random functions is standard for numpy-based random sampling. No obfuscated code, hidden behavior, or suspicious constructs are observed.",
  "analysis": "The module implements numerous well-known statistical distributions with proper parameter validation and standard sampling algorithms. The usage of external libraries (_np, _math) for randomness is typical and does not suggest malicious intent. The functions are self-contained, with no side effects like network activity, file I/O, or environment variable access. No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation are present. The code appears legitimate for its purpose, with careful validation and standard practices. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of distribution sampling functions intended for statistical simulations. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It appears to be a benign utility module for generating random data following various distributions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}