{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for generating random values with various statistical distributions, likely for simulations, modeling, or stochastic processes.",
  "sources": "Input sources are calls to 'random()', 'uniform()', and other distribution functions, which generate or retrieve randomness. Notably, 'random()' is imported from a local module, and 'np.random' is used for certain distributions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of 'random()' for decision-making, generating data, or random selection, and 'np.random' for gamma, zipf, and vonmises distributions. The code does not include network or file operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'random()', 'uniform()', and other distribution functions into distribution-specific calculations, and sometimes into complex methods such as 'weighted_choice' or 'multivariate_normal'. No external untrusted input sources are evident, only internal function calls.",
  "anomalies": "The code is largely standard implementation of distribution functions, with proper parameter validation. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are detected. The 'custom_distribution' function implements rejection sampling which is common in such contexts but could be used maliciously if misused; however, no evidence of malicious intent is apparent. The use of 'random()' from a local module suggests potential for control over randomness source, but not necessarily malicious.",
  "analysis": "The module contains implementations of multiple statistical distributions, utilizing standard mathematical formulas and trusted libraries like 'math', 'numpy', and 'bisect'. All functions include parameter validation, and there are no indications of code injecting external commands, network communication, or data exfiltration. No hardcoded secrets or unusual obfuscation techniques are present. The use of 'random()' from a local import warrants a note, as it could be overridden or manipulated, but this alone does not imply malicious behavior. The code's structure and function names align with typical statistical tools.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured library for generating random data according to various distributions. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The only consideration is the origin of the 'random()' function, which is imported from a local module; if this module is compromised, it could affect the randomness source, but there is no evidence of malicious code within this fragment. Overall, the code seems safe and purposeful for statistical random number generation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}