{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions for generating random values with various statistical distributions, likely intended for simulations or probabilistic modeling.",
  "sources": "Input sources are primarily calls to `random()`, `uniform()`, and external libraries such as numpy's random functions, which generate random numbers or data points.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the usage of generated random numbers for decision making or data generation, but no direct sensitive data output or network communication is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the source functions (`random()`, `uniform()`, numpy.random methods) into distribution calculations and function returns, with no indication of untrusted data affecting sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior are evident. The code appears standard for statistical random number generation. No obfuscated or misleading variable names are present. All parameters are properly validated. The only potentially notable aspect is the `custom_distribution()` function, which employs a generic rejection sampling method, but it is a common statistical approach.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a suite of statistical distribution functions, all implemented with standard mathematical formulas and external libraries. Validation checks are present to prevent invalid parameter values. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection. The use of numpy's random module is typical and safe. The `custom_distribution()` employs a common rejection sampling approach without suspicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate implementation of random distribution functions for scientific or simulation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of statistical random generators with proper input validation. There is no evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior. The only concern might be the potential for misuse of random functions in an adversarial context, but this is inherent to random number generators and not malicious code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}