{
  "purpose": "Pyro daemon for remote object management, handling registration, invocation, streaming, and connection handshake.",
  "sources": "Network data via protocol.recv_stub, object attributes, request parameters.",
  "sinks": "Responses sent via conn.send, exception responses, deserialized data processed in method calls.",
  "flows": "Network input -> deserialization -> method invocation -> serialization -> network output.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'marshal.loads()' in '__deserializeBlobArgs()' which can execute arbitrary code during deserialization.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard Pyro server with object registration, request handling, and streaming. It uses reflection and dynamic attribute access with exposure tags for security. However, it employs 'serializers.loads()' for deserialization, which may be unsafe if the serializer is untrusted. The use of 'marshal.loads()' in '__deserializeBlobArgs()' is a significant security concern because 'marshal' can execute arbitrary code, posing a risk if untrusted data is processed. No malware or obfuscation is evident; the code lacks authentication or access controls, typical for trusted environments but risky otherwise. Weak references are handled properly, with exceptions for dead objects. Overall, the code is functional but with a notable deserialization vulnerability.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical Pyro remote object server with no malware or obfuscation. The primary security concern is the use of 'marshal.loads()' in '__deserializeBlobArgs()', which can lead to remote code execution if malicious data is deserialized. Scores of 0 for malware and obfuscation are appropriate. The risk score should be around 0.45 to 0.5, reflecting the deserialization vulnerability. Improving safety would involve replacing 'marshal.loads()' with safer deserialization methods and adding authentication controls.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}