{
  "purpose": "Provides a Python module for connecting through various types of proxies (SOCKS4, SOCKS5, HTTP) using socket-like interfaces, mainly for tunneling connections through proxies.",
  "sources": "User inputs such as destination addresses and ports; proxy configuration parameters (proxytype, address, port, username, password); HTTP headers for proxy authentication.",
  "sinks": "Sending proxy negotiation commands, HTTP requests, or connection requests over sockets; potentially passing user credentials to proxies; transmitting authentication data via base64 encoding.",
  "flows": "Input data (destination addresses, ports, credentials) flows through connection negotiation functions (e.g., __negotiatesocks5, __negotiatesocks4, __negotiatehttp), which send data over sockets to the proxy server; proxy responses are read and interpreted to establish the tunnel.",
  "anomalies": "Use of base64 encoding for proxy credentials in __getauthheader() could be used to obfuscate credentials, but is standard for Basic Auth. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious data present. Proxy configuration stored in class attributes. No external data exfiltration or network connections are evident outside the proxy negotiation process.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard proxy negotiation protocols for SOCKS4, SOCKS5, and HTTP proxies. It handles credential encoding, negotiation, and connection setup properly, with error handling for common proxy errors. No obfuscated or malicious code is evident; the logic aligns with standard proxy implementations. There are no signs of data exfiltration, reverse shells, or harmful network activity. The module relies on user-provided proxy credentials and addresses, and does not include any backdoors or hidden behaviors. Proxy credentials are stored temporarily in class attributes but are not hardcoded or malicious. The overall code appears to be a legitimate SOCKS proxy client implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured implementation of a SOCKS proxy client with support for HTTP tunneling. It handles proxy negotiation and connection setup without evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. No suspicious data leaks or backdoors are present. The code appears safe and intended solely for proxy tunneling purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}