{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for querying, parsing, and validating DMARC DNS records for domain security compliance.",
  "sources": "DNS TXT records via DNS queries, input domain strings, and optional resolver/nameserver configurations.",
  "sinks": "Potentially, the code constructs DNS queries and parses DNS response data; no direct data sinks like network transmissions or file writes are present.",
  "flows": "Input domain strings are used to formulate DNS query targets, which are sent via DNS queries; the responses are parsed for DMARC record data; warnings and errors are generated based on DNS responses and record parsing outcomes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscation, or hidden network activity are observed. The code mostly performs DNS lookups and string parsing with standard libraries. There is detailed error handling for DNS exceptions, but no evidence of malicious logic or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code implements DNS querying for DMARC TXT records, with validation, parsing, and error handling. It checks for multiple records, unrelated records, correct formatting, and validates report URIs and email addresses. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior is evident. The functions only perform DNS lookups, string manipulations, and validation routines. There are no network connections outside DNS queries, no data exfiltration, no execution of untrusted code, and no handling of sensitive data like credentials or environment variables. All operations are consistent with a security validation utility. The error handling is comprehensive but standard, with no signs of malicious sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, security-focused DNS DMARC record validation utility with no malicious behavior or sabotage indications. It performs DNS lookups, parses and validates DMARC records, and raises appropriate warnings and errors. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}