{
  "purpose": "The code manages resources and page mappings, providing functions to store, retrieve, and clear resource paths and page identifiers, and to generate hashes for functions.",
  "sources": "Reading function source code with inspect.getsource, and accessing the page_map and resources dictionaries.",
  "sinks": "The functions that modify or access the resources and page_map dictionaries, which could potentially lead to data leaks or unauthorized access if misused.",
  "flows": "Function source code + function name (hash) -> stored in page_map; resource path -> stored in resources; retrieval of page mapping via hash -> returns page identifier.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamically generated hashes from function source + name for mapping, which could obfuscate intent; no obvious hardcoded secrets or credentials; no code injection points; use of eval or exec is absent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a resource and page mapping system, utilizing hashing of function source + name to create unique identifiers for functions. It stores resource paths associated with string keys and maps hashes to page identifiers. The functions provided include adding resources, associating functions with page identifiers, retrieving page identifiers, clearing stored data, and checking if a string is a stored resource. The hashing function could be used to obscure function identities, but it does not seem malicious. No external network activity, data exfiltration, or reverse shell behavior is present. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. The use of inspect.getsource combined with the function name to generate hashes is a non-standard approach but does not inherently imply malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to serve as a resource/page mapping utility with no evident malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a resource and page mapping utility that employs hashing for function identification. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious operations are detected. The use of source-based hashes is unconventional but not malicious. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}