{
  "purpose": "The code appears to manage resources and page mappings, with functions to generate hash identifiers for functions and store associations between resource identifiers and paths.",
  "sources": "The code reads function source code via inspect.getsource() and uses function parameters as input data.",
  "sinks": "There are no clear sinks where untrusted data could cause data leaks or harmful effects, such as network calls, file writes, or command executions.",
  "flows": "The source (function source code) is hashed to generate a key, which is then used to map resources and page identifiers. There are no evident flows leading to data leaks or external effects.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic hashing of function source code to generate identifiers may be unusual but not inherently malicious. Variable names are obfuscated but do not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious behavior detected. No external network activity or command execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The script maintains resource and page mappings using hashes derived from function source code. The hashing function uses inspect.getsource(), which reads the function's source code, and creates a SHA-256 digest. This hash is used as a key for resource and page mapping. Functions for adding resources, retrieving page mappings, clearing data, and checking for presence in mappings are straightforward. No code executes external commands, network operations, or manages sensitive data such as credentials. The obfuscated variable names do not suggest malicious intent but might hinder readability. Overall, the code seems designed for internal resource tracking rather than malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a resource management utility that uses source code hashing to identify functions and map resources/pages. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The obfuscation appears superficial, possibly for internal obfuscation rather than malicious purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}