{
  "purpose": "The code appears to manage resources and page mappings using hashes of functions, possibly for caching or tracking purposes.",
  "sources": "Code reads function source code (inspect.getsource) and function names; reads and modifies global dictionaries 'resources' and 'page_map'.",
  "sinks": "Accesses and modifies global dictionaries; retrieves values from 'page_map' based on hashed function identifiers.",
  "flows": "Function source code + name -> hashed identifier -> stored in 'page_map'; resource path -> stored in 'resources'; retrieval of page mapping via hash of function.",
  "anomalies": "Use of opaque, randomly named functions and variables; reliance on function source code hashing for page mapping; no clear security or validation logic; no input validation or sanitization. Potential for hash collisions or manipulation if the source code is altered.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a system to associate resources and page identifiers with hashed representations of functions. It retrieves source code using 'inspect.getsource' and hashes combined data for identification. The data stored includes resource paths and mappings between function hashes and page identifiers. The functions for clearing data and checking presence are straightforward. However, the use of function source code as part of the hash, combined with opaque variable names, could be suspicious if used maliciously, but no explicit malicious activity or backdoors are evident. No network activity, credential handling, or sensitive data processing is present. The overall structure appears to serve a resource/page management purpose without evident malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a resource and page mapping system based on hashed function source code, with no obvious malicious behavior. While its obfuscation and hashing method are unusual, they do not directly indicate malware. There are no signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration or backdoors. The use of opaque naming and source hashing warrants cautious review, but based on this code alone, it appears benign.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}