{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for performing linear and nonlinear curve fitting, plotting the results with uncertainties and residuals, primarily for data analysis in scientific contexts.",
  "sources": "Inputs include data arrays (x, y, sy, sx), model parameters, and user-defined options for plotting and fitting. Data is read from function arguments, especially x, y, sy, and optional sx.",
  "sinks": "Results such as fit parameters, errors, chi-squared statistics, p-values, and plotted figures. No evidence of data leaks or external data transmission.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed through fitting routines, residual calculations, and uncertainty propagation; results are displayed via print statements and plots. No data is transferred outside the system or sent over networks.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive plotting routines, but no suspicious or unusual code segments like network calls, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. There are no hardcoded credentials or secret keys. All computations are standard statistical and plotting operations.",
  "analysis": "The code utilizes standard Python packages for scientific computing (e.g., numpy, statsmodels, matplotlib) to perform regression analysis and plotting. No functions or parts of the code exhibit obfuscated, malicious, or suspicious behavior. The only operations involve mathematical calculations, data visualization, and statistical evaluations consistent with data analysis workflows. There are no network operations, file manipulations, or external data transmissions present. The inclusion of imported modules and functions appears legitimate and consistent with intended analytical purposes. Overall, the code is straightforward, well-structured, and contains no evident malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard scientific data analysis script for curve fitting and plotting, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs statistical analysis and visualization securely without external data leaks or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}