{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for performing linear and general curve fitting with visualization, residual analysis, and uncertainty propagation, aimed at scientific data analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input arrays (x, y, sy, sx), parameters for fit models, bounds, and visualization options. It also reads configuration parameters for plotting and scaling.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs numerical results, statistical measures, and plots. It does not contain any network operations, file I/O, or system commands that could be exploited maliciously.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into fitting functions; results and uncertainties are computed; plots are generated for visualization; statistical summaries are printed to the console.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code relies on external libraries such as 'LabToolbox', 'matplotlib', 'statsmodels', and 'numpy', which are standard scientific tools. The functions perform expected statistical operations without obfuscated or misleading code. No data exfiltration, network activity, or system modifications are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs linear and nonlinear fitting using standard libraries and methods. It calculates residuals, uncertainties, and statistical measures, and generates plots for analysis. The implementation appears straightforward, utilizing established scientific programming practices. There are no signs of malicious intent such as network communication, data theft, or system disruption. The plotting functions do not invoke any system commands or write to files outside standard plotting libraries. There is no code obfuscation or hidden behavior. External libraries are used appropriately for statistical calculations. The code maintains transparency and data integrity, with outputs limited to statistical results and visualizations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical scientific data analysis tool for curve fitting and visualization. It contains no malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms. All operations serve legitimate purposes in data analysis workflows. There are no indicators of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}