{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for performing linear and general curve fitting with visualization, including residual analysis, confidence intervals, and uncertainty propagation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data arrays (x, y, sy, sx) and initial parameters (p0, bounds). It also uses imported functions and modules for mathematical calculations and plotting.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include plotting functions (matplotlib), which could be exploited for malicious visualization; data processing steps that handle untrusted data inputs; and the propagation of uncertainties that could be manipulated if inputs are malicious. However, there are no evident data leaks, network connections, or hidden data exfiltration in this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays into the fitting functions, which process and calculate fit parameters, residuals, uncertainties, and confidence intervals. Results are then visualized via plots. The flow remains within local computations and plotting, with no external network or system calls observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive commented-out sections and redundant code segments, but no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. No obfuscated or intentionally misleading code constructs are present. The use of imported functions and standard plotting routines appears normal. No malicious privacy violations or unauthorized data access are detected.",
  "analysis": "A thorough step-by-step review indicates that the code performs standard data fitting, statistical analysis, and visualization tasks using well-known libraries and custom functions. There are no suspicious code injections, network operations, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The plotting functions are standard, and the data flows are contained within local variables. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. The code relies on legitimate scientific computation practices, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical scientific data analysis script for fitting and visualizing data with uncertainties. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or sabotage intent. It appears safe, with no evident security risks or malicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}