{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for performing linear and general curve fitting on experimental data, including visualization of data, residuals, and confidence intervals, with calculations of statistical metrics like chi-square and p-values.",
  "sources": "Input data arrays (x, y, sy, sx), model parameters (p0), and functions (f) used for fitting. Data inputs come from function parameters. No external untrusted data sources are read.",
  "sinks": "Results such as fit parameters, residuals, and statistical metrics are printed to the console. Visualization outputs are generated via matplotlib plots. No data exfiltration or external communications are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into fit functions where parameters are estimated. Results (fit parameters, residuals, statistical metrics) are printed. Visualizations are generated based on these results, with no external data transmission or storage.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected. Code primarily uses standard statistical and plotting libraries. No obfuscated or suspicious code constructs identified. The code is structured for standard data analysis tasks.",
  "analysis": "The code utilizes common statistical and plotting libraries to perform linear and nonlinear model fitting, residual analysis, and uncertainty propagation. All computations and visualizations are within typical data analysis workflows. No signs of malicious code such as network activity, data theft, or system manipulation are present. The code is well-structured for scientific data analysis, with appropriate use of statistical metrics and visualization. No anomalous behaviors or potential sabotage detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate scientific data analysis script for fitting models to experimental data, visualizing results, and computing statistical metrics. It does not contain any malicious behavior or sabotage indicators.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}