{
  "purpose": "Define custom map widget classes for Django forms, handling geospatial data and static images.",
  "sources": "Imports (json, django.contrib.gis, mapwidgets settings and widgets), class methods that process GEOSGeometry objects, URL signing, and URL generation.",
  "sinks": "URL signing method (sign_url), get_image_url, get_thumbnail_url, and context updates involving URLs, which could potentially include untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Geometry data processed by geos_to_dict flows into context for rendering; URLs generated via get_image_url and get_thumbnail_url flow into the context for display; sign_url could alter URLs, but currently just returns the input.",
  "anomalies": "sign_url method does not perform actual signing; it just returns the URL unchanged, which may be intentional or incomplete. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. No code injection or unsafe SQL present. Usage of external settings to determine behavior is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two widget classes: BasePointFieldInteractiveWidget and BaseStaticWidget. Both mainly handle rendering, URL construction, and data serialization/deserialization. The sign_url method does not implement actual signing, which is a placeholder; it does not introduce malicious behavior but could be an incomplete feature. URL generation uses urlencode on parameters, which is standard. No unsafe dynamic code execution or data leaks are detected. No obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or backdoors are present. The code relies on external settings and does not process untrusted input directly. The data flow is predictable, and the only potential security concern is unimplemented or placeholder URL signing, which does not pose a direct threat currently.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of custom Django form widgets for map visualization and geospatial data handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The placeholder sign_url method suggests incomplete implementation but not malicious intent. Overall, the code does not pose security risks as written.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}