{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom Django form widgets for geographic and static map display, including methods for rendering media, converting geometries, and generating URLs for map images and thumbnails.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration settings from 'mw_settings' and 'settings', input values from 'value' parameters, and class attributes such as '_base_url' and 'settings'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include URL generation methods ('get_image_url', 'get_thumbnail_url') that could incorporate untrusted input, and the 'sign_url' method which could potentially be used maliciously if altered to include malicious URL signing. However, in the current code, 'sign_url' simply returns the input URL.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data (such as 'value' and 'coordinates') flows into URL generation methods, which are then used in 'image_url' and 'thumbnail_url'. These URLs are included in context for rendering. The data flows from input values into URL construction and into the HTML context.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The 'sign_url' method is a placeholder that does not perform actual signing, which might be a concern if intended for URL authentication, but as is, it does nothing malicious. The use of 'json.dumps' on settings is standard. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides custom map widgets with functions for rendering media assets, converting geographic data to dictionary form, and generating URLs for images and thumbnails. It includes standard checks for class attributes and configuration settings. The 'sign_url' method is designed for URL signing but currently does not implement signing logic, which could be a security consideration if future modifications add signing with secret keys. The URL generation methods depend on input 'coordinates' and 'value', but there are no indications of unsafe handling like unsanitized input injection. Overall, the code appears to follow standard patterns without malicious intent or obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of Django widget classes for map display, with no apparent malicious behavior. It handles data and URL generation securely under current implementation, though the placeholder 'sign_url' method could be a point of concern if later used improperly. There are no signs of malware or malicious sabotage, and security risks are minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}