{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom Django form widgets for map visualization, handling geospatial data and static map images with associated settings.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration settings (mw_settings), input data (geom, value), and settings for media and URL signing.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include the get_image_url method which constructs URLs, and the sign_url method that could modify URLs; however, currently, sign_url does not perform any signing or cryptographic operation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (coordinates, values) to URL generation and context rendering, with configuration settings influencing behavior.",
  "anomalies": "The sign_url method is a placeholder and does not implement URL signing, which could be a concern if URL signing is expected for security. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious code or obfuscation detected. Usage of external media assets is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles the rendering of map widgets, URL generation, and data serialization. The get_image_url method constructs URLs with query parameters based on provided coordinates and settings, but does not perform any cryptographic signing or validation, which might be a missing security feature if intended. The sign_url method currently returns the URL unchanged, indicating a placeholder rather than malicious behavior. There are no indications of data exfiltration, malicious code, or backdoors. The code appears to be straightforward, intended for rendering map widgets with configurable options. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, malicious code, or obfuscated logic are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is standard for Django map widgets, with no malicious intent or security risks evident. The only concern is that URL signing is not implemented, which could be a security feature missing rather than malicious. Overall, the code appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}