{
  "purpose": "A framework for creating Django model instances using recipes, supporting foreign keys and related objects, with dynamic module and attribute resolution via inspect and getattr.",
  "sources": "inspect.stack(), inspect.getmodule(), getattr() calls for dynamic module, class, and recipe retrieval",
  "sinks": "Dynamic attribute access and module loading, which could lead to code execution if inputs influence module or attribute names",
  "flows": "Call stack inspection to determine caller module -> getattr() to retrieve recipes or models -> object creation via mommy.make() or mommy.prepare()",
  "anomalies": "Use of inspect.stack() and getattr() for dynamic resolution; no direct user input handling or malicious payloads; straightforward code structure",
  "analysis": "The code employs dynamic resolution techniques common in factory frameworks, which could be exploited if external inputs influence module or recipe names. No malicious code, payloads, or obfuscation are present. The malware score is correctly 0, as no malicious activity is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, given the clarity of the code. The security risk score is around 0.2 to 0.3, justified by the potential misuse of dynamic features if inputs are untrusted. The risk stems from the possibility of manipulation of recipe or model references via dynamic lookup, but in controlled environments, this is generally safe. Overall, the code is a standard test data factory with some dynamic features that pose minimal risk if inputs are validated. The assigned scores across reports are consistent and appropriate.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward, dynamic recipe-based factory system with no signs of malware or obfuscation. The main security consideration is the potential exploitation of dynamic resolution if external inputs are not validated. The current scores (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2-0.3) are justified and align with the analysis. No significant revisions are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}