{
  "purpose": "This code defines a system for creating and managing 'recipes' for models, likely for test data generation or object instantiation with dependencies.",
  "sources": "import statements, especially 'inspect', 'itertools', and modules from the current package ('mommy', 'exceptions', 'utils')",
  "sinks": "Use of 'inspect.getmodule' to dynamically load modules and retrieve attributes, 'itertools.tee' for iterator backups, and 'getattr' for dynamic attribute access",
  "flows": "Sources (import/inspection) lead to dynamic attribute retrieval and object creation (make, prepare, make related objects)",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic module and attribute access via 'inspect' and 'getattr' could potentially be exploited if malicious modules or attributes are loaded. No explicit hardcoded secrets or malicious payloads are visible. No obfuscated code or suspicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides a framework for model instance creation via recipes, with dynamic imports and attribute handling. The use of 'inspect' to retrieve modules and attributes dynamically could be exploited if untrusted input is used to specify module or attribute names. However, in the current implementation, these are controlled internally or via user-defined strings that are expected to reference valid recipes. No network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification commands are present. No signs of malicious behavior such as backdoors, data theft, or code injection are detected. The usage of itertools.tee for iterator backups appears standard. The dynamic 'getattr' calls are typical for such frameworks and do not inherently pose a threat. Overall, the code appears to serve a legitimate purpose, with moderate dynamic features that, if misused externally, could be exploited, but no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a recipe management framework for creating model instances, with controlled dynamic module and attribute access. No malicious code, malware, or security risks are evident. The use of 'inspect' and 'getattr' for dynamic loading is typical and not inherently dangerous in this context. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}