{
  "purpose": "This code defines the setup configuration for the 'temporalio' Python SDK package, including metadata, dependencies, package data, and build instructions.",
  "sources": "The code reads package data, dependencies, and metadata directly from variables and functions such as 'packages', 'package_data', 'install_requires', 'extras_require', and the setup call with 'setup_kwargs'. It also imports 'build' and invokes it for building the package.",
  "sinks": "The setup process invokes external build functions and package installations but does not execute or embed any untrusted or user input data into code or commands.",
  "flows": "No untrusted data flow from sources to sinks. The code primarily supplies static data and calls external build functions without runtime data handling.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code appears to be a standard package setup script with detailed documentation and build steps.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive setup script for packaging the 'temporalio' SDK, with detailed package data, dependencies, and build instructions. It uses standard Python packaging practices, invoking 'setup' with static metadata and dependencies. There are no dynamic or external inputs processed at runtime that could be exploited. The script does import and invoke a build process, but this is a normal part of package compilation and does not involve untrusted data. The absence of user input handling, network activity, or embedded code execution indicates no malicious intent or behavior. Overall, this is a legitimate package setup script without security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard, well-structured package configuration file for the 'temporalio' SDK. It contains no malicious code or behavior, no hardcoded secrets, and no suspicious data flows. It simply defines package metadata, dependencies, and build procedures. No evidence of supply chain attack vectors or sabotage is present.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}