{
  "purpose": "The code appears to set up a message-consuming service using RabbitMQ (via pika) and integrates with Django settings, likely for processing tasks asynchronously.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data from Django settings (settings.frEdSXwndfEsmMUIpOXGAHfNktgQyKTn), imports modules dynamically, and retrieves connection parameters for RabbitMQ. It also imports modules and classes from local files.",
  "sinks": "Establishes a RabbitMQ connection and consumes messages, but does not directly write data or execute untrusted code beyond dynamic imports and message handling.",
  "flows": "Imports modules dynamically based on settings -> Connects to RabbitMQ -> Uses imported classes/functions to process messages -> Starts message consumption loop.",
  "anomalies": "Uses obfuscated variable names, including long, nonsensical names for functions and variables. Dynamic import within a try-except block that silently passes on ModuleNotFoundError may indicate obfuscation or attempts to load hidden modules. No explicit hardcoded credentials or malicious code is apparent, but the obfuscation and dynamic imports raise suspicion.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a messaging consumer via RabbitMQ, with configuration pulled from Django settings. The obfuscated naming and dynamic import pattern could be benign but often are used to hide malicious behavior or complicate analysis. No obvious malicious network activity or data leakage is visible. The message handling relies on imported classes and functions, which are not included in this snippet. The silent pass on import errors could be exploited to load malicious modules if not properly secured. Overall, the core logic seems to facilitate message processing, but obfuscation and dynamic imports warrant caution.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a message consumer setup with obfuscated naming and dynamic imports, which could be used for legitimate asynchronous processing or malicious purposes. There is no direct evidence of malicious activity within this snippet, but the obfuscation and silent import failures suggest potential hidden behaviors or attempts to conceal malicious code. Further investigation of imported modules and runtime behavior is recommended.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 1
}