{
  "purpose": "The code appears to manage web applications and their configurations via an API, including creating, reloading, and setting SSL for web apps, as well as handling static files and log retrieval.",
  "sources": "User environment variables (API_TOKEN), external API calls via pKOujZWScjSBphVzVDJxYIcFhPfbKFrj, input parameters such as domain, virtualenv_path, project_path, and certificate details.",
  "sinks": "Environment variable access (API_TOKEN), API requests with potential sensitive data (certificates, tokens), file system paths for logs, and network communications for web app management.",
  "flows": "Environment variables (API_TOKEN) used in API authentication flows, API calls (get, post, patch, delete) affecting web app configuration, log data retrieval from external API, SSL setup transmitting certificates, static/media mappings, and reload commands triggering web app reloads.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated import names and class names, minimal error handling with generic exceptions, some inconsistent variable naming, and a complex structure that could obscure malicious intent. The code reads environment variables and performs network requests but does not sanitize inputs or check responses thoroughly. Some error messages contain incomplete or placeholder-like text. The code retrieves logs and sets SSL certificates, which could be misused if combined with malicious external input, but no direct malicious code (e.g., reverse shell, data exfiltration) is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code manages web application configurations through API calls, utilizing environment variables and input parameters. It performs standard operations like creating, deleting, reloading web apps, and configuring SSL, static files, and logs. No hardcoded credentials are visible aside from environment variables. API tokens are fetched from environment variables, which is standard but should be secured. The use of obfuscated import names and class names could suggest an attempt to hide intent, but it may simply be code obfuscation or placeholder naming. The code handles log files and SSL setup securely over API, with no obvious data leaks or malicious file handling. The network interactions appear typical for cloud app management. There are no signs of backdoors, data exfiltration, or system sabotage. Overall, the code performs legitimate web app management functions without evidence of malicious behavior, but its obfuscated naming and minimal error handling warrant caution. There is a low to moderate suspicion level due to obfuscation but no direct malware detected.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a web application management utility that performs legitimate API operations for creating, updating, reloading, and securing web apps. It uses environment variables for sensitive data and interacts with external APIs in a standard manner. Although obfuscated naming raises suspicion, no malicious or sabotage behavior is evident. The overall security risk appears low, with some concerns about code clarity and error handling.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}