{
  "purpose": "The code appears to manage web application deployment and configuration via API calls, including setting up SSL, static/media files, reloading the app, and creating/deleting web apps.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables ('API_TOKEN'), user input (getpass.getuser()), and parameters passed to methods such as domain, paths, and certificates.",
  "sinks": "API calls to external URLs (self.files_url, self.webapps_url, self.domain_url), environment variables, and print statements for status updates.",
  "flows": "Uses environment variable 'API_TOKEN' as a source, which influences API requests. API responses determine subsequent actions such as errors or proceeding with configuration steps. No data from untrusted sources directly flows into sensitive sinks without validation.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated class and method names suggest possible code hiding or attempt to confuse analysis. The code raises exceptions with minimal context. The API calls use dynamic URLs constructed with user-controlled data (domain, paths). The code fetches environment variables and interacts with the filesystem, but no hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes with user-specific data and constructs API URLs dynamically. It reads environment variables like 'API_TOKEN' for authentication, which is standard for API access. Methods perform API requests to manage web app configurations such as creating, deleting, reloading, and setting SSL. Error handling raises custom exceptions, but error messages are generic. No suspicious code injection, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors are present. The code seems to execute legitimate deployment actions without malicious intent. The obfuscated naming could be an attempt to conceal malicious code, but no malicious logic such as network exfiltration or malicious file operations is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard web app management tasks via API calls, with no clear malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. The obfuscation is likely an attempt at concealment but does not appear to introduce malicious activities. The use of environment variables and external API requests is consistent with typical deployment scripts. Overall, the script appears benign but should be monitored for obfuscation patterns in a broader context.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}