{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to configure and build a Python package named 'mamba_ssm', handling dependencies, CUDA/ROCm compatibility, and wheel distribution.",
  "sources": "File I/O for README.md and __init__.py, environment variables (MAMBA_FORCE_BUILD, MAMBA_SKIP_CUDA_BUILD, ROCM_PATH), subprocess calls for nvcc and hipcc versions, network request to download prebuilt wheels.",
  "sinks": "urllib.request.urlretrieve for downloading wheel files, subprocess.check_output for retrieving version info from nvcc and hipcc.",
  "flows": "Download wheel URL -> Save to disk via urlretrieve -> Move downloaded wheel -> Build source if download fails; Read version info from files and environment variables -> Use subprocess for version info -> Environment variables influence build configuration.",
  "anomalies": "Usage of urllib.request.urlretrieve to download prebuilt wheel files from remote URLs; environment variables to force build behaviors; subprocess calls to external compilers; warnings related to missing tools. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The URL download and move may potentially be used to inject malicious prebuilt wheels, but this is consistent with package distribution practices.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages building and distributing a Python package with optional CUDA/ROCm support. It dynamically determines platform and library versions, and attempts to download prebuilt wheel files from a GitHub URL, which could pose a supply chain risk if the URL or wheel content were malicious. However, this pattern is standard in package distribution systems for efficiency. External subprocess calls are used only for version checks. No embedded or hidden malicious code, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The code's main purpose aligns with package setup and deployment, with some network activity for wheel retrieval, which could be exploited if the source URL is compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical setup and build script for a Python package, incorporating version checks, environment configurations, and prebuilt wheel retrieval. There are no signs of malicious intent such as hidden backdoors, data theft, or unauthorized remote control. The use of network download for prebuilt wheels introduces potential supply chain risks if the URL or files are compromised, but this is a common pattern in open-source package distribution. Overall, the script does not contain malware or malicious behavior based on its content and structure.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}