{
  "purpose": "The code appears to focus on extracting and processing TLS/SSL certificates from network responses, possibly for security verification or channel binding.",
  "sources": "Input is primarily from network responses, especially in function GGMkUkoKbcOSsjvwhdcZCJqqZCUSZNKt where it accesses raw HTTP response data, and in the last function which processes strings with backslash delimiters.",
  "sinks": "Processing of certificate data, hashing functions, and warnings indicate potential data handling, but no direct sink for untrusted data leading to critical effects like code execution or data leaks is evident.",
  "flows": "Certificate data is extracted from network response -> DER format certificate is processed -> signature hash algorithm used to select hashing method -> certificate DER data is hashed and hex-encoded.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic attribute access, verbose obfuscated variable names, and cryptographic handling suggest possible attempt to hide functionality. The function PEtlqdnCgZcLaXIqqNEBcZGEkMlrgOUf performs string matching on input; potentially for authentication schemes, but its purpose is not suspicious alone.",
  "analysis": "The code imports cryptography and requests modules, with functions that retrieve SSL/TLS certificates from network responses. It retrieves peer certificates via low-level socket attributes, processes DER certificates with cryptography library, and hashes them based on the signature algorithm. There are warnings for unsupported algorithms and handling of special cases like md5 and sha1, but no evident malicious payloads. The code appears to facilitate channel binding verification or fingerprinting, which is legitimate in security contexts. Obfuscation is minimal but variable names are deliberately obscure, possibly to hinder analysis. No signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or network malicious actions are detected. The function for parsing strings with backslashes appears benign, possibly for configuration parsing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is focused on extracting and processing TLS certificates from network responses for security verification purposes. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. Variable obfuscation is superficial and intended perhaps for concealment but does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code is legitimate for its apparent purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}