{
  "purpose": "The code appears to handle SSL/TLS certificate extraction and processing, possibly for verifying server identities or extracting channel bindings in secure communications.",
  "sources": "Data sources include network responses (HTTPResponse objects), TLS peer certificates, and input strings for protocols (e.g., 'ntlm', 'negotiate').",
  "sinks": "Sinks include cryptographic hashing functions, warnings, and potentially logging or handling of certificate data. No direct data leaks or insecure output mechanisms are evident.",
  "flows": "The code extracts network response objects, retrieves SSL/TLS peer certificates, processes these certificates for hash algorithms, and generates hash summaries. It also processes strings to identify protocols and splits data strings.",
  "anomalies": "The variable names are obfuscated and do not describe their purpose. There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious backdoors. The certificate handling includes hashing, but no malicious operations like data exfiltration or command execution are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code includes functions to retrieve peer SSL certificates from network responses, process and hash these certificates, and identify certain authentication protocols from strings. It uses cryptography to parse certificates and generate hashes, with appropriate exception handling for unsupported algorithms. The obfuscated variable names suggest an attempt to conceal intent, but the logic itself is consistent with standard certificate processing. No malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are observed. The code is primarily used for SSL/TLS channel binding and certificate fingerprinting, which is common in security tools. The presence of warning messages, hash calculations, and SSL peer certificate extraction are typical for secure communications verification.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard SSL/TLS certificate processing, extracting and hashing peer certificates for security verification purposes. It contains obfuscated variable names but no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. The only concern might be obfuscation, but the functionality appears legitimate and consistent with security-related certificate handling.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}