{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be designed for extracting and processing SSL/TLS certificates, specifically handling server certificate validation and fingerprint extraction, possibly for security or monitoring purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from network responses (HTTPResponse), socket objects, and input strings provided to functions.",
  "sinks": "The functions generate certificate hashes and perform warnings or logs, but do not directly leak data or perform malicious actions. No direct data sinks such as file writing or network exfiltration are present.",
  "flows": "Input data from network responses or strings is processed to extract certificates and their hashes; no untrusted data directly flows into sensitive sinks that could cause harm.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated class and function names, no clear documentation, and some code that manipulates network socket objects and SSL certificates suggest an attempt to hide purpose or bypass typical monitoring. The function that processes socket peer certificates may be used to fingerprint servers. The function FVWznskgshaqvaaiswnLCQEKoBgtbnuo splits strings with backslashes but seems benign.",
  "analysis": "The code imports cryptography and requests libraries, indicating SSL certificate handling. It defines obfuscated classes and functions for certificate fingerprinting, extracting peer certificates from SSL connections, and handling specific authorization headers. The 'GGMkUkoKbcOSsjvwhdcZCJqqZCUSZNKt' function retrieves peer certificates from network responses, extracts their signatures, and computes SHA256 hashes of the certificate DER bytes, which can be used for fingerprinting. The 'gMlvODhtgMKNfgEiNwzQAZwIzwaYCkqg' function handles certificate processing, including error handling for unsupported algorithms. The code also warns about potential weak hash algorithms ('md5', 'sha1') but does not perform any malicious actions such as data exfiltration, code injection, or system manipulation. The variable names and obfuscation might hint at an attempt to conceal its true purpose, but the actual functionality seems aligned with security monitoring or forensic activities rather than malicious intent. No suspicious network connections or data leaks are evident. The functions handle SSL certificates responsibly and do not contain any apparent backdoors or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily focused on extracting SSL certificate information and computing hashes for identification or validation purposes. It employs obfuscated naming, which could be an attempt to conceal its purpose, but it does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or supply chain attacks. Its activities align with certificate fingerprinting and network security monitoring, with no indication of harmful intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}