{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom Django model fields for storing pickled and encrypted data, with support for serialization, encryption, and key management.",
  "sources": "Data is read from model instances via methods like value_to_string and from_db_value; key, ttl, and field values are inputs for encryption/decryption.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if encrypted data is mishandled; the code interacts with database connections for data storage and retrieval.",
  "flows": "Input data is passed into _dump methods, then encrypted or pickled; data flows through get_db_prep_value to database; on retrieval, data flows through from_db_value and _load methods.",
  "anomalies": "Use of pickle for serialization poses security risks due to potential execution of malicious code during unpickling. The code encrypts data with Fernet but does not verify the integrity of pickled data before unpickling. No hardcoded credentials observed, but the use of pickle is inherently risky. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements custom Django fields for pickling and encrypting data. Pickling with pickle.dumps and pickle.loads is inherently unsafe if untrusted data is unpickled, as it can lead to code execution. The encryption mechanism uses FernetBytes, which provides cryptographic security; however, the code decrypts data before verifying its integrity, relying solely on Fernet's security features. The data flow involves serialization, encryption, database storage, and deserialization, all standard but with the risky use of pickle. No malicious or backdoor code is present. The code does not perform external network operations or handle secrets directly. Overall, the design appears focused on security but is undermined by the unsafe use of pickle.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily provides secure storage for encrypted data but contains a significant security flaw in its use of pickle for serialization, which can lead to remote code execution if untrusted data is unpickled. No malicious intent or malware is detected. The overall security risk is moderate due to pickle's inherent risks, despite proper encryption. The code does not exhibit obfuscation or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.55,
  "report_number": 5
}