{
  "purpose": "The code provides custom Django model fields for storing pickled objects and encrypted data, with mechanisms for encrypting/decrypting data using Fernet encryption and caching of encrypted field classes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from method parameters such as 'value' in 'from_db_value', 'get_db_prep_value', and 'value_to_string'. It also reads input data in 'pickle.loads', 'pickle.dumps', 'self._fernet.decrypt', and 'self._fernet.encrypt'. It uses 'force_bytes' for encoding conversions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include 'pickle.loads', 'pickle.dumps', 'self._fernet.decrypt', and 'self._fernet.encrypt' which process or handle sensitive data, including decryption/encryption routines. The base64 encoding/decoding functions are also involved in data handling.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data can flow from input parameters into 'from_db_value', 'to_python', 'value_to_string', and 'get_db_prep_value'. The data is then decrypted or deserialized, with potential for malicious data injection via pickling or cryptography if data is maliciously crafted.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'pickle' for serialization/deserialization, which is inherently insecure if handling untrusted data, as it can execute arbitrary code during unpickling. The use of 'pickle.loads' on data that may be untrusted is a serious security concern. No validation or sanitization of data is performed before unpickling.",
  "analysis": "The primary security concern is the use of 'pickle.loads' on data that may be from untrusted sources, which can lead to remote code execution if malicious pickle data is processed. The encryption functions use Fernet, which is secure, but decrypting untrusted or malicious ciphertext can still pose risks if combined with untrusted pickle data. The code appears to be designed for encrypted data storage, but the use of pickle serialization without validation presents a significant security risk. No input validation, integrity checks beyond Fernet encryption, or measures to prevent malicious data execution are present. The code does not seem to contain obfuscation or malicious backdoors, but its insecure handling of pickled data is dangerous.",
  "conclusion": "The code provides mechanisms for encrypted and pickled data storage in Django models but relies on 'pickle' for serialization/deserialization, which is unsafe with untrusted data. This introduces high security risks, especially regarding arbitrary code execution. No malicious intent is explicit, but the insecure handling of pickled data constitutes a critical security flaw that could be exploited if untrusted data is processed. Overall, the package is risky due to its insecure serialization practices.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.9,
  "report_number": 2
}