{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for type checking, data splitting, serialization/deserialization with 'dill', parallel processing, and function composition. The code facilitates data processing and parallel execution but involves deserialization of data which can be risky if untrusted data is processed.",
  "sources": "The 'unpack' function deserializes data using 'dill.loads'; data flows from 'result' through 'split_every', 'pack', 'unpack', and into function execution.",
  "sinks": "Deserialization in 'unpack' using 'dill.loads' can execute arbitrary code if the input data is malicious or untrusted.",
  "flows": "Data is serialized with 'pack', transmitted or stored, then deserialized with 'unpack', which executes the deserialized function; this flow can lead to code execution if data is malicious.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'dill' for serialization/deserialization without validation or sandboxing, which can execute arbitrary code during deserialization; no validation or security checks are implemented.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of utility functions and parallel processing routines. The key security concern is the use of 'dill' in 'pack' and 'unpack', which can serialize and execute code objects. If 'unpack' is used on untrusted data, it can lead to arbitrary code execution. The rest of the code appears benign and straightforward. The security risk stems from deserializing untrusted data, not from embedded malicious code. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, security risk: 0.2 to 0.75) are consistent with this analysis. The highest risk score (around 0.75) is justified due to the inherent danger of deserialization without validation. Overall, the code itself is not malicious but can be exploited in insecure contexts.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions with a significant security concern related to 'dill' deserialization. No malicious code or obfuscation is present. The main risk is the potential for arbitrary code execution during deserialization of untrusted data. The assigned scores are appropriate, with a moderate to high security risk if used improperly. Proper validation, sandboxing, or avoiding deserialization of untrusted data is recommended to mitigate this risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.7,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}