{
  "purpose": "The code provides various functions for analyzing the connectivity and centrality of street networks represented as NetworkX graphs, including calculations of node degree, meshedness, centrality measures, and subgraph-based metrics.",
  "sources": "Data is read from graph attributes, node and edge data within the NetworkX graph structure, and potentially from external parameters supplied to functions (e.g., radius, mode, attribute names). No explicit external input sources such as user input, files, or network connections are directly used.",
  "sinks": "Results are stored as node or edge attributes within the NetworkX graph. No sinks involve external data exfiltration, network communication, or modification of system files. There are no file write operations, network calls, or command executions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input graph's node and edge attributes through various analysis functions, which compute metrics and store them back as attributes. No external data flows or untrusted data sources are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward and well-structured for graph analysis. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or misleading variables are observed. The use of progress bars (tqdm) and data copying is standard. No apparent malicious intent or privacy violations detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs graph-based analyses, calculating metrics like node degree, meshedness, centrality measures, and subgraph properties. It utilizes networkx functions with typical data processing and attribute assignment. No external network communication, file operations, or command execution is present. The functions operate solely on the provided graph object and parameters, with no evidence of malicious behavior. The implementation appears to be a legitimate analysis toolkit for street network analysis, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a collection of legitimate network analysis functions for street networks, with no indications of malicious activity or sabotage. It processes and annotates graph data internally without external communication or data exfiltration. Overall, it appears safe and intended for analytical purposes.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}