{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for analyzing street network graphs using NetworkX, including calculations of node degree, meshedness, centralities, ratios, and other graph metrics. It operates solely on in-memory graph data without external data access or network communication.",
  "sources": "The functions read data from the graph's node and edge attributes, such as node degrees, edge lengths, and other properties. No external data sources or network inputs are involved.",
  "sinks": "The code writes computed metrics back into the graph's node and edge attributes. There are no external data transmissions, file I/O, or network communications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the graph's existing attributes (e.g., degrees, lengths) into calculations, and results are stored as new attributes within the same graph structure. No external data flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscation, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are detected. The code relies on standard libraries and performs typical graph analysis operations.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of functions that analyze NetworkX graph objects to compute various metrics relevant to street network analysis. It uses well-known libraries (networkx, numpy, pandas) and standard formulas. All operations are performed in-memory, modifying the graph's attributes directly. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication, or code obfuscation. The functions are straightforward, transparent, and designed for analysis purposes only.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, transparent set of network analysis functions operating solely within the scope of in-memory graph data. No malicious activity, sabotage, or external communication is evident. The low risk score (0.1) accounts for the potential misuse if parameters are exploited but does not indicate actual security threats.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}