{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to read and write spectrum data in ASCII and FITS formats, primarily for astrophysical data analysis.",
  "sources": "Input filename or file pointer for reading functions; environment variables indirectly via astropy.utils.data.get_readable_fileobj.",
  "sinks": "Output files for write_fits_spec; no data leakage or sensitive info output; no network activity or external connections.",
  "flows": "Input filename/file pointer -> data reading functions -> data processing -> output files; no untrusted data affecting system integrity beyond file I/O.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. Use of deprecated argument 'wave_unit' and 'flux_unit' is noted but not malicious. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution. No unusual system calls or network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions for reading spectrum data from ASCII and FITS formats and for writing FITS spectrum files. It utilizes standard libraries (numpy, astropy) for data handling. The functions include input validation, unit handling, and file I/O with appropriate error handling. No code indicates attempts to access external networks, manipulate system files maliciously, or include hidden behaviors. Use of deprecated arguments is documented and not harmful. All data processing appears to be controlled and straightforward. There are no signs of malware or malicious backdoors. The only potential concern is reliance on external libraries, which are well-established in the community.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured implementation for spectrum data I/O in astrophysics. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. The only notable aspect is the use of deprecated arguments, which does not affect security. Overall, the code appears safe with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}