{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for broadcasting shapes, iterating indices, and managing shape and index manipulations for array-like structures, supporting advanced indexing and shape compatibility operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input shapes and skip_axes parameters, and uses internal functions like asshape, ndindex, and associated_axis to process and validate shape data. It also processes iteration indices and shape parameters for broadcasting.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any obvious data sinks that could leak untrusted data or perform malicious actions. No network, file, or environment variable access is present.",
  "flows": "Input shapes and skip_axes are processed and validated by asshape and normalize_skip_axes functions. The main functions broadcast_shapes and iter_indices generate broadcasted shapes and iteration indices, respectively, following internal shape manipulations and validations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are detected. Usage of internal helper functions and exception classes appears consistent with a shape and indexing utility library. The only notable internal complexity is in functions like associated_axis, remove_indices, and unremove_indices, which perform shape and index manipulations but do not exhibit malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code performs shape broadcasting, index iteration, and shape manipulation with comprehensive validation and internal helper functions. Exception classes handle shape mismatches and axis errors appropriately. The functions use internal validation and conversion functions such as asshape, normalize_skip_axes, and associated_axis. There are no network calls, file I/O, or environment variable access. The overall design appears to be a shape and index utility library with no embedded malicious intent or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a shape and index manipulation utility module with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs shape broadcasting, index generation, and shape validation internally, with proper exception handling. No malicious or suspicious code, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or network access, is present.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 2
}