{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for broadcasting shapes and iterating over indices in arrays with support for skipping axes, primarily for tensor and array manipulations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function arguments such as shapes, skip_axes, and internal variables like shape tuples and indices. It also imports modules like numbers, itertools, and internal functions from other parts of the package.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data flows occur in functions that process shape and index data, such as broadcast_shapes, iter_indices, asshape, associated_axis, remove_indices, and unremove_indices. These functions handle shape tuples and indices, which are internal data structures rather than external untrusted inputs.",
  "flows": "Shapes and skip_axes are inputs that are processed and validated. These inputs flow through shape normalization, broadcasting, and iteration functions. For example, broadcast_shapes computes a broadcasted shape from multiple inputs, which is then used by iter_indices to generate index tuples that correspond to broadcasted array elements.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no obvious hard-coded credentials or backdoors. No suspicious network connections or malicious system commands are present. The only potentially suspicious aspect is the presence of internal helper functions that handle shape and index manipulations, which are standard for array broadcasting operations. No obfuscated code, code injections, or malicious payloads are detected. The use of internal functions like remove_indices and unremove_indices is consistent with array shape manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a well-structured utility module for broadcasting and indexing operations with extensive validation and normalization functions. It handles shape input validation, skipping axes, and broadcasting logic, relying on standard Python libraries and internal methods. No external data is fetched or sent, and no dynamic code execution or system commands are used. The import statements are benign, and the functions do not perform any I/O or network operations. The functions focus solely on shape and index computations, with safeguards and error handling in place. Overall, the code demonstrates typical array utility functions without signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard array shape and index utility module with no indications of malicious intent or harmful behavior. It securely handles input validation, broadcasting, and index iteration for array-like structures. There are no network connections, no obfuscated code, and no malicious payloads. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}