{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for processing 3D mesh data, mapping meshes to a sphere, and managing external binaries necessary for mesh operations, including downloading and executing external tools.",
  "sources": "Reads input mesh data, filesystem paths, environment variables, and external binaries; downloads binaries from GitHub; executes external commands via os.system.",
  "sinks": "External command execution with os.system, file read/write operations, external binary downloads without validation.",
  "flows": "Input mesh data -> external binaries (downloaded or local) -> command-line execution via os.system -> output files and processed mesh data.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated variable names, dynamic download of binaries without checksum or signature validation, construction of command strings without sanitization, reliance on external binaries fetched at runtime.",
  "analysis": "The code processes mesh data and interacts with external tools by downloading binaries from GitHub and executing them via os.system. The command strings are constructed dynamically without sanitization, posing potential command injection risks if inputs are manipulated. External binaries are fetched at runtime without integrity verification, creating supply chain security concerns. Variable names are obfuscated, which complicates code review and indicates possible obfuscation. No malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or cryptomining is evident. The primary security concern is the reliance on external binaries that are downloaded and executed without validation, which could be exploited if the source is compromised. The use of os.system with constructed strings further increases the risk if inputs are untrusted. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious intent but has supply chain and command execution vulnerabilities that should be addressed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is intended for mesh processing with external dependencies. It does not contain malicious code but poses supply chain security risks due to dynamic binary downloads and execution without validation. The obfuscated variable names and command construction practices increase the security concern. The overall malware likelihood is low, but the external dependency handling warrants caution. Recommended mitigations include verifying binary signatures, sanitizing command inputs, and minimizing runtime downloads.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}