{
  "purpose": "The code implements a progress bar handler for monitoring and updating progress in a multiprocessing environment, with optional dashboard integration.",
  "sources": "Imports modules, reads configuration parameters, reads progress bar options, reads event and thread states, accesses shared dictionaries for dashboard updates, reads environment variables (if any), reads traceback info during exceptions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes to shared dashboard dictionaries, calls progress bar update methods, signals kill or shutdown via worker communication objects, sets exception traceback strings, updates progress bar status.",
  "flows": "From progress bar event loops (monitoring worker progress) to shared dictionaries for dashboard updates; from exception handling to setting traceback info; from main thread to worker threads for progress updates and signals.",
  "anomalies": "Use of try-except for optional imports, but only raises NotImplementedError if dashboard functions are missing; no hardcoded secrets or credentials; no obfuscated code; no dynamic code execution, no suspicious variable names. The code handles exceptions and signals gracefully but does not contain hidden or malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured progress bar handler for a multiprocessing setup with optional dashboard support. It manages threading, updates progress, handles exceptions, and communicates via shared dictionaries. No hardcoded credentials, no dynamic code execution, and no suspicious imports are present. Optional dashboard functions are safely handled with try-except, and the code focuses on progress monitoring rather than data exfiltration or malicious actions. The use of threading, shared dictionaries, and progress updates appears consistent with normal multiprocessing and monitoring logic. No signs of malware or sabotage were detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a progress bar handler with optional dashboard integration, designed for multiprocessing environments. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The overall design is benign and focused on progress monitoring. The only minor concern is reliance on optional dashboard modules, but this is handled safely. Therefore, the code is considered safe with a low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}