{
  "purpose": "The code implements a progress bar handler for tracking and visualizing the progress of tasks in a multi-threaded worker pool environment, with optional dashboard integration.",
  "sources": "Reads include imports, environment for progress bar options, data received via worker_comms.get_tasks_completed_progress_bar(), and function details from map_params.func.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include updating shared dashboard dicts and progress bar updates, as well as thread communication signals.",
  "flows": "Progress updates flow from worker_comms (source) to the tqdm progress bar, then to shared dashboard structures (sink). The progress bar thread monitors task completion signals and updates the UI and dashboard accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors detected. The use of threading, condition variables, and optional dashboard import is standard. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a multi-threaded progress bar handler that manages progress updates and communicates with a dashboard if available. It uses threading, event signaling, and optional dashboard modules, but none of these are inherently malicious. The import structure includes a try-except for optional dashboard dependencies, which is standard. There are no indications of data leakage, code injection, or malicious behavior. The handling of exceptions and signals appears to be robust and intended for graceful shutdowns. Overall, the code maintains standard patterns for progress tracking and inter-thread communication without suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard multi-threaded progress bar handler with optional dashboard integration. No malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks are evident. The code functions as intended for monitoring and visualizing task progress without introducing security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}