{
  "purpose": "The code implements a progress bar handler for monitoring and displaying progress of worker tasks, with optional dashboard integration, within a multi-threaded multiprocessing framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from parameters (pool_params, map_params), worker communication objects (worker_comms), and potentially from the dashboard event and function details (get_function_details). It also reads progress bar state from tqdm instances and timestamp data from datetime.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or vulnerabilities could occur if untrusted data from progress bar details or traceback strings is mishandled. The code does not directly use untrusted input in insecure operations, but it serializes traceback strings and updates shared dashboard dicts. No explicit data sinks like network or file writes are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from worker_comms (task completion signals) to progress bar updates; from progress bar state to dashboard dictionaries; and from exception handling (traceback strings) to shared dashboard or logs. These flows are internal and controlled within the threading environment.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains conditional imports with fallback functions, which is standard; no hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible. The only minor concern is the potential for uninitialized shared dashboard dictionaries if dashboard imports fail, but this is handled gracefully. No obfuscated code, malicious backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution are present. The usage of threading and exception handling appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a ProgressBarHandler class for managing progress bar updates in a multi-threaded environment with optional dashboard integration. It imports standard modules, third-party tqdm, and conditional dashboard modules with fallback functions. No malicious code such as network transmission, reverse shells, or data exfiltration is evident. The traceback handling and shared dictionary updates are typical for status reporting. The code employs threading for progress updates and synchronizes shared state using locks and condition variables, which are standard practices. There are no signs of code injection, malicious side effects, or security misconfigurations. The only minor concern could be the handling of external dashboard modules, but fallback functions prevent any malicious impact.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a multi-threaded progress bar management system with optional dashboard integration. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks based on static analysis. Its design focuses on monitoring and reporting progress safely within the constraints of the multiprocessing environment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}