{
  "purpose": "Define custom scrolling widgets (ScrolledText and ScrolledFrame) for enhanced text and frame scrolling in Tkinter applications.",
  "sources": "Imports modules (ttkbootstrap, tkinter constants), class initializers, event bindings, and methods that read widget properties or user interactions.",
  "sinks": "Event handlers (e.g., _on_mousewheel, _on_enter, _on_leave) that respond to user input and modify scrollbar visibility or scroll position; methods that set or get widget attributes.",
  "flows": "User input events (mouse wheel, mouse enter/leave) flow through event bindings to methods like _on_mousewheel, which call yview_scroll, modifying scrollbar positions; autohide logic triggers show/hide methods based on mouse events.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls detected. The code uses standard widget and event handling with no obfuscated code or dynamic execution. The methods for managing scrollbars are straightforward. No external network communication or data exfiltration appears present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two classes, ScrolledText and ScrolledFrame, that enhance Tkinter's scrolling capabilities with optional autohide features. It carefully manages scrollbar visibility, event binding for mouse interactions, and geometry management. All imports are standard, and there are no indications of malicious behavior such as network activity, code injection, or data theft. The logic for scroll management is typical for GUI widgets. No anomalous or suspicious code patterns are observed. The implementation appears safe and consistent with intended functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The code provides custom scrolling widgets without any malicious intent or security risks. It is well-structured, uses standard practices, and does not contain hidden or malicious behavior. Overall, it is safe for use in applications.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}