{
  "purpose": "The code provides custom scrolling widgets (ScrolledText and ScrolledFrame) built with ttkbootstrap and tkinter, intended for enhanced GUI functionalities with scrollbars and auto-hide features.",
  "sources": "Data is read from widget event bindings, widget properties, and method calls related to GUI interactions (e.g., mouse events, configuration changes). It also reads style parameters and widget states.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include binding to mouse wheel events, widget property manipulations, and methods that alter scrollbar visibility or positions, which could be exploited for unintended GUI manipulation or event hijacking.",
  "flows": "Data flows from widget event bindings (sources) to scrollbar manipulations, event handlers, and configuration updates. Mouse events trigger scroll behaviors; configuration events update scrollbar positions; style and style-based attributes influence appearance.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are present. Usage of dynamic bindings and event handling appears standard for GUI widgets. The code dynamically manages scrollbars and widget layout without suspicious logic. No obfuscated code or hidden network activity is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements custom scrollbar-enabled text and frame widgets with features like autohide and dynamic binding of mouse events for scrolling. It uses standard tkinter and ttkbootstrap components, binding mouse wheel events to support scrolling on different platforms. The logic for showing/hiding scrollbars and managing scrollbar positions is straightforward. No indicators of malicious behavior, such as network communication, data theft, or backdoors, are evident. The functions serve GUI enhancement purposes, with no suspicious data flows or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The source code appears to be a legitimate implementation of custom scrolling widgets with autohide features, designed for improving GUI usability. It does not contain malware or malicious behaviors. The code is well-structured and adheres to common GUI programming practices. No security threats or malicious intent are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}