{
  "purpose": "The script automates the building and installation of dependencies 'oniguruma' and 'jq' for a Python extension module, facilitating their compilation and integration.",
  "sources": "Tarball files in dependencies directory, environment variables (e.g., MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET), and subprocess calls executing configure and make commands.",
  "sinks": "subprocess.check_call commands executing build scripts, environment variable modifications, and extraction of tar.gz files.",
  "flows": "Tarball extraction -> build configuration via subprocess -> compilation and installation -> setup of extension module",
  "anomalies": "Use of lib2to3 for code transformation on Python files, which is unusual in build scripts; no explicit user input handling or network activity. Environment variable setting conditioned on OS. No hardcoded credentials or secret data. Use of subprocess calls to run external commands, but they are standard build procedures. No obfuscated or suspicious code structures. Tarball files are extracted locally and used only within build process.",
  "analysis": "The code is a build script for dependencies oniguruma and jq, involving extracting tarballs, configuring, compiling, and installing. The use of lib2to3 is atypical but appears to be for code compatibility adjustments. The subprocess calls are standard for building C/C++ libraries. No network communication, data leakage, or malicious behavior detected. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious logic. The code relies on standard tools and environmental configurations for building dependencies. No evidence of malicious intent or malware behavior in the script.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate build script for dependency management, with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It performs typical setup tasks for building native extensions with no suspicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}