{
  "purpose": "Automates the extraction, configuration, compilation, and installation of dependencies (oniguruma and jq) for a Python extension module, facilitating build setup.",
  "sources": "Tarball files for oniguruma and jq, environment variables, subprocess calls executing './configure', 'make', and 'make install', and the lib2to3 processing of source files.",
  "sinks": "External subprocess commands that invoke system build tools; no data flows to external systems or network.",
  "flows": "Tarball extraction → directory cleanup → source code processing with lib2to3 → configuration and build commands executed via subprocess in specific directories.",
  "anomalies": "Use of lib2to3 on source files is unusual in build scripts but not malicious; extraction occurs without validation, which could be risky if tarballs are compromised. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The script performs standard dependency build procedures, including extraction, directory cleanup, environment variable setup, and subprocess calls for configuration and compilation. The use of lib2to3 is atypical but not malicious, likely for code compatibility. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious logic is present. The code is straightforward and aligns with typical build scripts. No signs of obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident. The subprocess commands are controlled and predictable. The extraction process lacks validation but is common in controlled environments. Overall, the code exhibits minimal security risk, primarily related to executing external commands, which is standard in build automation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate build automation script for dependencies with no malicious intent or suspicious activity. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: approximately 0.1–0.2) are appropriate and consistent with the code's behavior. No modifications are necessary; the supply chain security posture is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}