{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to create a web-based interface using Gradio with modal dialogs, tabs, and interactive components, likely for demonstrating or testing functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from user inputs in Textboxes and button clicks, and loads external CSS from a file. It also executes JavaScript via a load callback.",
  "sinks": "The code executes JavaScript code in the load callback, which manipulates DOM elements. It also creates modal components that generate HTML content dynamically.",
  "flows": "User inputs from textboxes can trigger events and potentially influence UI behavior. Button clicks trigger modal display via functions that instantiate modal components. The JavaScript code manipulates DOM elements, potentially based on dynamic references.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated variable names, dynamically constructs and executes JavaScript code in the load callback, and loads CSS from a path relative to the script. The JavaScript code appears to manipulate DOM elements and references but does not contain obvious malicious actions like data exfiltration or system commands. The use of obfuscated variable names and dynamic code hints at possible concealment but no direct malicious activity is evident.",
  "analysis": "The script imports the 'gradio' library and a modal component, sets up a layout with themes and CSS styling, and constructs a UI with tabs, buttons, and modals. The modal components are instantiated multiple times, but only seem to display static content. The JavaScript code within the load callback appears to modify DOM elements by replacing text with hyperlinks, which is a common UI enhancement. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoor behavior. The obfuscation seems to be for variable naming rather than malicious intent. The code primarily handles UI rendering and interaction, with no suspicious network activity, credential handling, or system modifications detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a UI demonstration script using Gradio, with some obfuscated variables and dynamic JavaScript injection. There are no clear indicators of malicious behavior or security risks. The use of dynamic JavaScript could be leveraged maliciously if combined with untrusted data, but in this context, it seems benign. Overall, the code has low likelihood of malicious intent, with no significant security threats detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}