{
  "purpose": "This code provides a wrapper class for sending emails via SMTP, primarily designed for Gmail, supporting OAuth2 and other authentication methods, and handling message preparation and transmission.",
  "sources": "Input data includes email addresses (user, to, cc, bcc), email content, headers, and attachments. Data is read during method calls like prepare_send, send, and login functions.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows into smtplib.SMTP's sendmail method, which transmits email data over the network, and into the login and OAuth functions that authenticate with external SMTP servers.",
  "flows": "Input addresses and message content are processed through resolve_addresses and prepare_message, then passed to sendmail in _attempt_send. Authentication data flows into login and OAuth procedures, then to the SMTP server.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials are detected; the code uses external functions for handling passwords and OAuth. No suspicious or unusual code constructs are present. The only notable feature is the comment about BCC handling, but no explicit BCC manipulation is shown in the code.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs an SMTP wrapper allowing email sending with support for OAuth2. It performs validation on email addresses and handles different authentication methods securely via external functions. The flow from input data (addresses, content) to SMTP's sendmail appears standard and does not show any suspicious behavior. There are no indications of backdoors, malicious network connections, data exfiltration, or obfuscation. The code handles logging and retries appropriately. The comment about BCC indicates a different message for BCC recipients but does not show actual implementation, which is benign. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate SMTP email sender without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a secure, standard email sending wrapper with proper validation, OAuth2 support, and retry logic. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. It appears safe and well-structured for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}