{
  "purpose": "The code implements a wrapper class for SMTP email sending, primarily to facilitate sending emails via Gmail with support for OAuth2, attachments, and email validation.",
  "sources": "User input parameters such as 'to', 'cc', 'bcc', 'subject', 'contents', and optional 'headers'; credentials such as 'password' or OAuth2 info; environment-based user info.",
  "sinks": "Sending email data through 'smtplib.SMTP.sendmail'; OAuth2 token generation; logging functions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are validated and processed to construct email messages, which are then sent via SMTP connection. OAuth2 info or passwords are used during login. Email addresses are validated before message preparation.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'get_oauth2_info' and 'get_oauth_string' suggests OAuth2 handling, but no clear malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials are present. No evidence of data leaks, system commands, or hidden network connections. Logging functions are standard. No suspicious code injection or obfuscation. The only notable feature is the 'feedback' function sending feedback emails, which is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard SMTP wrapper with support for OAuth2 and email validation. It correctly manages SMTP connections, login procedures, and email composition. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious network activity, or backdoors are detected. The presence of multiple imports from 'yagmail' indicates reliance on a third-party library, which is common. The use of 'prepare_message' and address resolution functions appear standard for email handling. No anomalies such as dynamic code execution, hidden behaviors, or malicious code patterns are identified. Overall, the code aligns with legitimate email-sending functions and shows no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate implementation of an SMTP email sender with OAuth2 support. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It performs standard operations related to email transmission and validation without suspicious features.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}