{
  "purpose": "Standard Python package setup script with obfuscated variables and embedded secrets.",
  "sources": "Reading README.md files, hardcoded strings in setup parameters",
  "sinks": "No direct data leaks or malicious actions observed; potential secrets embedded in code",
  "flows": "Obfuscated variables and strings used throughout setup(), with secrets possibly used for authentication or configuration",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable names and strings, hardcoded secrets ('pbvxxjSOtBOMUvEkspeeiQWjSJLJsqAZ', 'mQfriVkeddXOtDrPLZNcUdNcyeqLgWuU') in setup() parameters",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical setup script for a Python package, involving reading and writing README files and invoking setup() with package metadata. The notable concern is the presence of obfuscated variable names and strings, which are not standard practice and suggest concealment. The embedded strings resemble secrets or tokens, raising suspicion about potential credential exposure or malicious configuration. No network activity, code execution, or malicious payloads are evident. The obfuscation and embedded secrets justify a moderate security concern, but without active malicious behavior, the malware score remains low. The obfuscation score is high due to variable naming and string patterns. The risk score is moderate, primarily due to the embedded secrets that could be misused if sensitive. Overall, the code warrants further review to verify the purpose of the embedded secrets and ensure they are not malicious or sensitive credentials.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a standard package setup with obfuscation and embedded secrets. While no malicious activity is directly observed, the obfuscation and presence of secrets increase suspicion. The scores reflect moderate risk primarily due to potential secret exposure and concealment tactics. Further investigation is recommended to confirm whether the embedded strings are benign placeholders or sensitive credentials. The overall security posture is cautious but not definitively malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}