{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to model and calculate expected goals (xG) in football matches based on shot locations and historical data, including trend prediction using linear regression.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data in the form of shot coordinates and past xG values, primarily through function parameters such as 'shots', 'matches_shots', and 'past_xg_array'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct sinks that send untrusted data externally or perform network operations. No data leakage, system commands, or external communications are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (shot coordinates, past xG values) flows into calculation methods that process and compute xG scores, including averaging and trend prediction. These are internal computations with no external data flow or command execution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are present. The code uses standard mathematical operations and machine learning library functions without obfuscation or dynamic code execution. No signs of malicious intent or suspicious behavior are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for expected goals modeling using straightforward calculations for shot quality based on geometry and distance. It employs numpy for numerical operations and sklearn's LinearRegression for trend prediction. The methods are well-structured and do not perform any external network communication or system modifications. The commented example usage demonstrates typical data processing. There are no indications of malicious payloads, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The logic is transparent, and all external interactions are limited to mathematical computations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign implementation of a football xG model, utilizing standard libraries and techniques. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The purpose is modeling and prediction, with no suspicious or harmful features identified.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}