{
  "purpose": "The code defines various kernel functions and a Kernel class for density estimation or related statistical tasks. It includes implementations of common kernels and auxiliary functions for normalization and evaluation.",
  "sources": "Data inputs are from function parameters such as 'x', 'bw', and 'norm'. Data is read primarily in the 'evaluate' method of the Kernel class, where input arrays are processed.",
  "sinks": "Outputs are the computed kernel values returned by the 'evaluate' method, which could potentially be used in further computations or data transmission.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into the 'evaluate' method, where it is validated, scaled, and passed to the kernel function. The result is scaled by volume calculations and returned.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard mathematical operations for kernel density estimation; no hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious network calls are present. There are no hidden backdoors or unusual data handling. The code is straightforward, with no evidence of malicious data exfiltration or covert channels.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a set of kernel functions with proper normalization and support calculations. It includes a Kernel class that handles evaluation with support for finite and infinite supports, using scipy's brentq for support approximation. No external network calls, file operations, or system modifications are present. The code appears to be a clean implementation of kernel functions for statistical use, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of kernel functions and a kernel class for statistical or machine learning purposes. There is no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. It functions as a utility module for kernel evaluations. The security risk score is minimal, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}