{
  "purpose": "The code extracts node-level features from HTML documents for use in a neural network or machine learning model, focusing on structure, tags, and attributes.",
  "sources": "Reading HTML input strings, parsing with lxml.html, accessing node attributes such as custom node index attributes, and XPath queries.",
  "sinks": "HTML element manipulations, attribute access, and text extraction; potential for exposing sensitive information if embedded in input.",
  "flows": "Input HTML strings → parsing into HTML elements → XPath queries to locate nodes → traversal to build traces → text extraction based on source → feature dictionary creation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity observed. Usage of deepcopy, external libraries (lxml, html_alg_lib) appears legitimate. No obfuscated code or unusual control flows identified. The code performs structured HTML processing and feature extraction, which is typical for data preprocessing.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically processes HTML input for feature extraction, including XPath-based subtree pruning, node attribute retrieval, and text extraction. It employs standard libraries and practices for HTML parsing and traversal. There are no signs of malicious payloads, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. All functions serve legitimate purposes related to HTML analysis. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious external calls are detected. The use of copy.deepcopy, lxml, and custom HTML utility functions is consistent with typical data processing pipelines. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns are evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard feature extraction module for HTML documents, with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain malware or suspicious activities and is aligned with its intended purpose. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}