{
  "purpose": "The code extracts node-level features from HTML documents for use in a larger web scraping or analysis framework, specifically designed to process simplified HTML structures and generate features like text content, tags, XPaths, and attribute traces.",
  "sources": "Input HTML strings for pre_normalized_html and label_alg_readable_html, node attributes such as node_idx_attr and alg_idx_attr, and external item_id_map for mapping nodes.",
  "sinks": "None explicitly; the code primarily performs data extraction, transformation, and file output without executing system commands or network operations.",
  "flows": "Reads HTML strings -> Parses into DOM -> Traverses nodes -> Maps node IDs -> Extracts text and attributes -> Prunes trees based on XPaths -> Outputs JSON features.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No obfuscated code patterns. The only notable processing involves tree pruning based on XPath lists, which appears legitimate. The code performs validation on node attributes and raises errors if assumptions are violated.",
  "analysis": "The script performs standard HTML DOM processing, including deep copying, XPath querying, attribute extraction, and tree pruning. It uses well-known libraries (lxml, html_alg_lib) for HTML parsing and transformation. The feature extraction process aligns with typical web data extraction pipelines. No code sections indicate malicious intent such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. The only potential concern is that it manipulates HTML trees extensively, but this is a standard procedure. The output is written to a JSON file for further analysis. The logic appears to be a legitimate feature extraction pipeline without hidden or malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate feature extraction tool for HTML documents, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs structured data processing and output, adhering to typical web scraping practices. There is no evidence of malware or malicious activity within this code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}