{
  "purpose": "The code implements custom scikit-learn pipeline classes and functions for data transformation, cloning, refitting, and data processing within a machine learning workflow.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters, object attributes, and method inputs; no external network or file sources are accessed.",
  "sinks": "Data transformations and model fitting; no external data exfiltration, network communication, or system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows through class methods, functions, and internal transformations, from input parameters through processing steps to output predictions or transformed data.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation via nonsensical variable and function names; dynamic attribute checks; import from 'skits.preprocessing' which is non-standard and suspicious; complex dynamic method calls intended to conceal logic.",
  "analysis": "The code defines custom pipeline classes extending sklearn's Pipeline, with methods for fitting, transforming, refitting, and data processing. Obfuscated identifiers hinder readability but do not inherently indicate malicious intent. The import 'skits.preprocessing' is non-standard, potentially a typo or malicious module. No network activity, file I/O, or system modifications are present. The dynamic attribute checks and cloning are typical in complex ML pipelines but can be used to hide malicious behaviors. Overall, the code appears to be a heavily obfuscated ML pipeline with no concrete evidence of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a heavily obfuscated but legitimate-looking machine learning pipeline implementation. No active malware signals are detected. The primary concerns are the obfuscation and the suspicious import 'skits.preprocessing', which should be further investigated. The malware score is set to 0.2 to reflect cautious suspicion due to obfuscation and import anomalies. The obfuscation score remains high at 0.85, justified by variable naming and dynamic calls. The security risk score is moderate at 0.3, considering obfuscation and the suspicious import but no direct malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.85,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}