{
  "purpose": "The code manages job submissions, status updates, webhooks, and message approvals for UiPath automation workflows via a FastAPI backend, interacting with an external SDK for process invocation and job control.",
  "sources": "HTTP request inputs (API endpoints, webhook data), environment variables (not explicitly shown), external SDK method calls (invoke_async, request_async, resume_async).",
  "sinks": "Database updates (job status, output, error messages), external SDK calls (process invocation, job resumption), logging outputs (print statements).",
  "flows": "API endpoints receive data from clients; data flows into database updates; external SDK methods are invoked for process control; webhook data updates job states; message approval triggers job resumption; message content retrieval queries external SDK responses.",
  "anomalies": "Use of print statements for debugging, which could expose internal identifiers or sensitive info if logs are improperly secured; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard FastAPI application managing automation jobs with external SDK interactions. It performs database operations for job tracking, handles webhooks for job events, and manages message approvals. No malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious external calls are present. The print statements are typical for debugging but should be replaced with proper logging in production. The external SDK functions appear legitimate and are used as intended. No hardcoded secrets or malicious network activity are evident. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to logging practices, and the malware score is 0. The obfuscation score is 0 due to clear code structure. The overall confidence in these findings is high (0.9).",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured backend for managing UiPath automation jobs. It does not contain malicious behavior, obfuscation, or significant security vulnerabilities. The minor security concern relates to logging practices, not malicious intent. The assigned malware score of 0, obfuscated score of 0, and low security risk score of 0.2 are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}