{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python module to enable socket connections through various proxy types, including SOCKS4, SOCKS5, and HTTP proxies, primarily for tunneling network connections.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from method parameters such as destpair in connect(), proxy configuration in setproxy(), and potentially from external sources via socket.gethostbyname() and socket.gethostbyname().",
  "sinks": "Data sent over network connections through sendall() and connect(), especially HTTP headers, SOCKS negotiation packets, and proxy authorization headers; also, the use of socket functions to establish connections.",
  "flows": "Input parameters like destpair flow into connect() and setproxy(), influencing data sent during SOCKS/HTTP negotiation; proxy credentials and addresses flow into authorization headers and SOCKS handshake packets; socket data flows to network connections.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain obvious anomalies such as hardcoded credentials or backdoors. It handles proxy negotiation protocols correctly, uses standard libraries, and does not obfuscate logic or code. The use of the base64 module for encoding authorization headers is standard. No suspicious or malicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard SOCKS and HTTP proxy negotiation protocols. It manages proxy credentials, performs remote DNS resolution, and constructs protocol-specific handshake messages. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious data handling is evident. The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of proxy socket functionality with proper error handling and protocol compliance. The use of base64 encoding for proxy authorization headers is standard and not malicious. The structure follows typical network proxy handling patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate implementation of a SOCKS/HTTP proxy socket handler with no evident malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs proxy negotiations correctly and securely handles credentials. There are no signs of backdoors, hidden network activity, or malicious code. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}