{
  "purpose": "The code provides a collection of mathematical utility functions for numerical stability, tensor operations, and probabilistic computations within TensorFlow Probability. These functions are intended for internal use to ensure accurate and stable mathematical calculations.",
  "sources": "Inputs are tensor variables and constants within the functions, including tensor arguments, NumPy constants, and internal library functions. No external data sources or user inputs are directly read.",
  "sinks": "No external network, file I/O, or system modifications are present. Data flows are confined to tensor operations and internal computations.",
  "flows": "Tensor inputs are processed through mathematical functions, with results returned as tensors. There are no external data leaks or network transmissions; the flow is internal to tensor computations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious patterns are detected. Usage of deprecation warnings is consistent with ongoing maintenance and not indicative of malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of standard numerical functions such as log-sum-exp variants, soft thresholding, and tensor manipulations. These are well-documented, widely used in scientific computing, and do not contain any malicious payloads. The presence of deprecation warnings indicates maintenance rather than malicious activity. No external communication, backdoors, or suspicious constructs are found. The code's purpose aligns with legitimate mathematical utilities, and the implementation appears correct and transparent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-maintained set of numerical utility functions used in probabilistic and tensor computations. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, obfuscation, or security risks. The low risk scores assigned in the reports are justified by the code's nature and maintenance artifacts. Overall, the supply chain integrity is sound, and the code can be considered safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}