{
  "purpose": "The code provides visualization functions for 3D point clouds, volumetric images, and meshes using standard open-source libraries such as numpy, skimage, trimesh, SimpleITK, and plotly. It aims to facilitate interactive and static visualization of scientific and medical data.",
  "sources": "Input data includes numpy arrays (points, labels), sitk.Images (volumetric data), and mesh objects. Data is read from function parameters and external libraries (e.g., sitk.GetArrayFromImage).",
  "sinks": "Visualization outputs are rendered directly via plotly and matplotlib; no external data transmission, file writing, or network activity is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into visualization functions, with internal processing (e.g., marching cubes, PCA) and rendering via plotly or matplotlib; no external sinks or data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, obfuscation, dynamic execution, or hidden behaviors are detected. The code is straightforward, relying on standard libraries for visualization.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple visualization routines for 3D point clouds, volumetric images, and meshes. It uses well-known open-source libraries with no signs of malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or dynamic code execution are present. The functions process trusted data inputs and produce visual outputs for scientific analysis. External dependencies are standard and widely used in the community. No network activity or file operations suggest malicious behavior. The code is transparent and intended solely for visualization purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, with no evidence of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. It performs standard visualization tasks using open-source libraries. The security risk is minimal, and the malware likelihood is zero. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate; the code is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}