{
  "purpose": "The code provides various visualization functions for 3D point clouds, images, and meshes, primarily using Plotly, SimpleITK, trimesh, and sklearn for scientific and medical imaging visualization.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters such as np.ndarray objects (points, labels, vertices, triangles), sitk.Image objects, and external libraries like sitk and trimesh. There are no explicit network or file input operations.",
  "sinks": "The code calls functions like fig.show(), which render visualizations in a browser or GUI. No direct data leaks or malicious network communications are present. No file writing or network activities are detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through visualization functions, with no untrusted data being used to execute system commands, write files, or communicate externally. The only processing is visualization of data passed to the functions.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code are present. The functions are straightforward visualization routines. No hidden backdoors or malicious behaviors are evident. The use of third-party libraries is appropriate for visualization.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines multiple visualization functions that take in data such as point clouds, images, and meshes, and display them using Plotly and matplotlib. It uses standard libraries like numpy, scikit-image, trimesh, SimpleITK, and sklearn. No network access, file manipulation, or system command execution is present. The code does not include any suspicious code segments such as dynamic execution, obfuscated code, or hardcoded credentials. It performs data visualization tasks without any apparent malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a collection of visualization routines for scientific and medical imaging data, with no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It is safe based on the provided content, with no suspicious activities detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}