{
  "purpose": "Provide a web interface for viewing metrics, health checks, and managing caches, circuit breakers, and rate limiters for the WhiteBit MCP server.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (via os.path and potentially __file__), loads HTML templates from files, receives HTTP requests and URL parameters.",
  "sinks": "Render HTML templates with data, handle HTTP GET/POST requests, redirect responses, and invoke functions that reset caches and circuit breakers.",
  "flows": "Input from URL parameters or request data flows into functions that perform cache clearing or circuit breaker resets, and these actions are triggered by POST requests. Data from monitoring server and caches flows into HTML rendering for display. No untrusted external input directly influences system behavior other than user-initiated actions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets or credentials. Templates are loaded from files; no evidence of dynamic or obfuscated code. Use of open() with filenames is standard and does not appear malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a web interface for server metrics and health status, utilizing standard libraries and functions from imported modules. No input from untrusted sources is used to perform harmful actions; user actions trigger cache clearing and circuit breaker resets. No malicious network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The code's behavior appears consistent with its stated purpose, with proper handling of HTTP requests and responses. The functions called for resetting caches and circuit breakers are external and assumed safe. Overall, there are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a web management interface for server monitoring and control. It does not contain malicious or suspicious behavior, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors. It interacts with external modules for core functionality, which are assumed safe. The implementation is standard and secure in context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}