{
  "purpose": "The code defines a data source for Terraform to retrieve information about a New Relic Service Level Alert Helper, including configuration classes, properties, and import functions.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from constructor parameters, environment (via package imports), and method calls within the class. No untrusted input sources are explicitly present.",
  "sinks": "Data is assigned to internal class properties and used in Terraform resource creation, import, or attribute synthesis. No external data sinks such as network transmission, file writing, or system modification are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into class constructors and property setters; data is stored internally and accessed via getters for Terraform resource lifecycle management.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard boilerplate for Terraform CDK constructs; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are visible. The use of dynamic type checking and proxy references appears to be normal for CDK and JSII generated code. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Terraform data source class and associated configuration data classes for a New Relic alert helper. It uses standard patterns for CDKTF resource definition, including type checking, property setters/getters, and import generation functions. All data flow and property handling appear typical for infrastructure-as-code constructs. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communications, file system tampering, or covert data exfiltration. The use of jsii and dynamic proxies is consistent with generated SDK code. No anomalies or suspicious activities are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard, benign implementation of a Terraform CDK data source for managing New Relic alert configurations. No malicious intent or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}