{
  "purpose": "Encrypts or decrypts Python files using TokenCryptor; generates a main script that dynamically imports and executes decrypted code.",
  "sources": "File input reading; encrypted/decrypted code content; module import statements.",
  "sinks": "exec() function executing decrypted code; dynamic import via importlib.import_module.",
  "flows": "Input file read -> encryption/decryption -> code stored in variable -> main script imports module -> decrypts code -> executes via exec().",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on decrypted code without validation; dynamic import of modules based on filename; creation of a script that executes decrypted code dynamically.",
  "analysis": "The code employs dynamic import and execution, which are security-sensitive operations. It reads input files, encrypts/decrypts code, and creates a script that imports and executes decrypted code without validation. No hardcoded secrets or network activity are present. The pattern allows potential malicious exploitation if input files are malicious, but no malicious payloads are embedded. The use of exec() and dynamic import are the primary security concerns, increasing the risk of remote code execution. The code is not heavily obfuscated but uses encryption to hide code, which can be exploited for obfuscation purposes. The malware likelihood is low, but the potential for malicious use is high due to the pattern of dynamic execution. The security risk score should be elevated accordingly.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not contain explicit malware but employs risky dynamic code execution and import patterns that could be exploited maliciously. The security risk is significant, though no malicious payloads are evident. The malware score should be low but non-zero, and the overall risk should be high. Proper validation, sandboxing, or avoiding exec() would mitigate these risks.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}