{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to diagnose lock contention issues in a distributed system by querying lock information from a database.",
  "sources": "The code reads SQL script content via load_sql('locks/blocking_pids.sql') and retrieves data using execute_sql with a configuration obtained from get_data_api_config().",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the execute_sql function, which executes dynamically loaded SQL, potentially with untrusted content if the SQL script is maliciously replaced.",
  "flows": "The SQL script loaded is executed against the database; if the SQL script is malicious, it could lead to data exposure, modification, or damage. The data returned by execute_sql is processed further but not directly used in vulnerable ways in this snippet.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior or suspicious patterns are apparent. The SQL script is loaded from an external file; unless that file is maliciously modified, the code itself does not contain malicious behavior. Exception handling is broad but standard.",
  "analysis": "The function loads an SQL script from an external file and executes it against a database via execute_sql, using a configuration obtained from get_data_api_config(). It logs progress and handles errors broadly, re-raising them as DataApiError. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The use of dynamic SQL loading could be risky if the SQL file is tampered with, but this is a standard pattern and does not indicate malicious intent. The exception handling captures various errors but does not mask or hide malicious activities. Overall, the code appears to perform legitimate diagnostic operations without signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a lock contention diagnostic tool that loads and executes an external SQL script to gather lock information. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling within this snippet. The security risk is minimal, assuming the SQL script is trusted and unchanged. No malware or obfuscation is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}