{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to diagnose lock contention issues within a cluster by querying lock information from a database.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from an SQL script file ('locks/blocking_pids.sql') and fetches configuration data using 'get_data_api_config()'. It also reads input parameters 'target_pid', 'target_table_name', and 'min_wait_seconds'.",
  "sinks": "The code executes an SQL query using 'execute_sql()' which can potentially be dangerous if the SQL or configuration are maliciously altered, but in this case, the SQL is loaded from a file. The data returned is only processed and returned as a Python list of dicts; no untrusted data is directly executed or used in dangerous commands.",
  "flows": "The data flow starts from loading the SQL script, then fetching configuration data, executing the SQL query, and finally returning the results. No user-supplied data directly influences SQL execution beyond the optional filter parameters, which are not directly injected into SQL in this snippet.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are present. The script loads an SQL file and executes it without any evident obfuscation or dynamic code execution. Exception handling is standard. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code aims to retrieve lock contention data by executing a predefined SQL script. It handles errors gracefully and logs progress. The SQL script's content is external, loaded from a file, which reduces the risk of embedded malicious SQL. There is no indication of code injection, dynamic execution, or data exfiltration. The use of third-party libraries appears standard and secure. Overall, the code functions as intended with no malicious behavior or sabotage evident.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a straightforward diagnostic tool for database lock contention, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. The handling of external SQL files and configuration is standard, with no suspicious code patterns or backdoors. It appears safe and aligned with its described purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}