{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to diagnose lock contention in a distributed system by querying lock status information from a database.",
  "sources": "Reading SQL script 'locks/blocking_pids.sql' via load_sql, fetching configuration via get_data_api_config, and executing SQL query with execute_sql.",
  "sinks": "The execute_sql function executes dynamically loaded SQL which could be a sink if the SQL input is maliciously altered. Also, raising DataApiError with error details may leak information. Logging functions (ctx.info, ctx.debug, ctx.error) output potentially sensitive context information.",
  "flows": "load_sql retrieves SQL script -> execute_sql runs the SQL against the database -> error handling raises exceptions with error details, potentially leaking information.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. Use of dynamic SQL loading is standard but could be risky if the SQL script is tampered with outside of trusted sources. No evidence of obfuscation, code injection, or malicious logic. Exception handling logs and raises errors but does not seem malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code loads an external SQL script to query lock information and executes it via a configuration fetched dynamically. Error handling captures multiple exception types and logs error details before raising an exception. The functions used are from imported modules that appear to be legitimate. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The process flow is straightforward: load SQL -> execute -> handle errors. No suspicious behavior or malware indicators are present. The only concern might be if the SQL script 'locks/blocking_pids.sql' is maliciously altered, but this depends on external integrity, not code itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard diagnostic tool with no malicious intent or malware. It dynamically loads and executes SQL scripts, which could pose a risk if the scripts are tampered with outside of a trusted environment. No malware or malicious behavior detected within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}