{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom Python codec to handle and transform f-strings into .format() calls for backward compatibility or source code rewriting. It parses, tokenizes, and rewrites source code containing f-strings, relying on an external 'tokenize_rt' module for token operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input source code from a file specified via command-line argument, decodes it, tokenizes it using 'tokenize_rt', and identifies f-strings for transformation.",
  "sinks": "The transformed source code is written to standard output or a specified file, with no external network, file system, or environment modifications.",
  "flows": "Input bytes from file -> decode to string -> tokenize into tokens -> identify f-strings -> parse and transform into .format() calls -> output transformed source code.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'eval' solely for feature detection of native f-string support, which is limited and safe in this context. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are present. External dependency 'tokenize_rt' could be a concern if compromised, but within this code, it functions as intended for token handling.",
  "analysis": "The code performs complex string parsing and token manipulation to convert f-strings into format() calls, ensuring compatibility with older Python versions. It does not execute untrusted code or perform network activities. The use of 'eval' is confined to feature detection and is safe here. No hardcoded secrets, malicious payloads, or sabotage mechanisms are evident. The reliance on an external 'tokenize_rt' module is a potential external risk but not intrinsic to this code. Overall, the code is a benign source code transformation utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, well-structured source code transformer for Python f-strings, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security vulnerabilities. The minimal security risk stems from the use of 'eval' for feature detection, which is a common pattern and safe in this context. The assigned malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.1–0.2, reflecting very low risk. The code does not pose any significant security threat and is suitable for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}