{
  "purpose": "The code implements a simple substitution cipher for encrypting and decrypting strings, with an external call to RRUU() in the decrypt method. The purpose appears to be obfuscation or encoding of tokens.",
  "sources": "The input string to encrypt and decrypt methods; the call to RRUU() in the decrypt method after decryption.",
  "sinks": "The call to RRUU() potentially could be a sink if it performs malicious actions, but in this code, it has no direct data sink effect; the string itself is not sent or stored elsewhere.",
  "flows": "Input string -> replace characters in encrypt/decrypt -> call to RRUU() after decryption (no data flow from string to RRUU()).",
  "anomalies": "The call to RRUU() in decrypt() without parameters and its purpose is unexplained; the function is imported from an external module with unknown behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code performs a straightforward substitution cipher, which is not inherently malicious. The only suspicious element is the invocation of RRUU() after decryption, which is imported from an external module and whose behavior is unknown. No network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection is present. The call to RRUU() could be benign or malicious depending on its implementation. Given the lack of evidence of malicious activity in the code itself, the malware risk is low, but the external call warrants further investigation. The code is clear and not obfuscated. The security risk is moderate due to the unexplained external function call, but without further info, it cannot be classified as high risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple substitution cipher with a suspicious call to an external function RRUU() whose behavior is unknown. No malicious activity is evident from the code itself, but the external call introduces uncertainty. The malware score should be low, but the security risk warrants attention. Further investigation of RRUU() is recommended to confirm its behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}