{
  "purpose": "Provides human-readable representations of time differences between datetime objects or timestamps, such as '3 days and 4 hours ago'.",
  "sources": "Reads input from 'from_time' and 'to_time' parameters, which can be datetime objects or integer timestamps; also reads current time via time.time() when needed.",
  "sinks": "Constructs and returns strings describing time differences; no direct data leaks or external system interactions observed.",
  "flows": "Input timestamps or datetimes -> calculation of deltas -> processing carryovers and rounding -> string formatting of the time difference.",
  "anomalies": "Code performs complex date calculations, but no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external connections. Uses standard Python libraries only. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code computes time differences with detailed granularity, handling leap years and varying month lengths carefully. It relies on standard datetime and time modules, performs no network operations, file I/O, or system modifications. The functions are well-structured for time difference calculation and formatting. No signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or backdoors. The code appears to be a utility for human-readable time differences, with no hidden or malicious behaviors. It does not include any suspicious external calls, credential handling, or obfuscated code. The only potential concern could be if the input data is maliciously crafted to cause denial of service via extremely large date differences, but this is not malicious per se, just a robustness issue.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign utility for calculating and formatting time differences. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks present. It appears safe for use within larger applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}