{
  "purpose": "The script copies, renames, and zips test files from a Polygon project to a CMS format and generates a score parameters configuration string.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from the 'problem.xml' file, the 'tests' directory within the Polygon package, and external paths provided to the function.",
  "sinks": "Creates directories, deletes directories, copies files, renames files, writes the score parameters string to a file, and creates a zip archive.",
  "flows": "Parses XML from 'problem.xml' -> extracts test groups and tests -> processes dependencies -> copies and renames test files -> writes score parameters to a file -> creates a zip archive.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials present. Usage of dynamic templates for filenames is normal. No obfuscated code detected. The 'rename_tests' function includes an overwrite check and deletion, which is typical but should be used cautiously; no malicious intent apparent. No network, reverse shells, or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard file and directory manipulations, XML parsing, and string formatting. It copies test files, renames them based on templates, and archives them. The dependencies are processed to generate a scoring configuration. No suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms are detected. The use of 'shutil' for directory operations and 'zip' creation is normal for such scripts. The code's behavior aligns with its purpose of preparing test data for CMS, with no hidden or malicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility script for managing and packaging test files for a problem in a competitive programming or testing system. No signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks are evident. The operations are standard and relevant to the described purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}