{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to parse, represent, and manipulate linear constraints of the form Ax = b, primarily for use within the Patsy statistical modeling library. It handles input validation, expression parsing, and combination of constraints.",
  "sources": "Parsing constraint strings via regex and tokenization; reading variable names and constraint coefficients; input to functions like linear_constraint and parse_constraint.",
  "sinks": "Creation of LinearConstraint objects, validation checks, and evaluation of parsed expressions; no external data sinks or network activity.",
  "flows": "Input strings are tokenized, parsed into expression trees, evaluated into coefficient arrays, and then used to instantiate or combine LinearConstraint objects.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. The parsing is controlled and validated. No hidden or malicious code present.",
  "analysis": "The code employs regex-based tokenization to parse mathematical expressions representing constraints, with validation to prevent malformed inputs. It constructs numpy arrays for coefficients and constants, ensuring shape correctness. The evaluation functions handle various expression types, including variables, numbers, and binary operations, with safeguards against invalid operations such as multiplying variables or dividing by variables. The combination functions allow merging multiple constraints. Tests confirm correct behavior and validation. No network, file, or system modifications are present. The code is straightforward, well-structured, and uses standard libraries, indicating no obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, safe implementation for parsing and handling linear constraints in Patsy. It contains no malicious or obfuscated code, and the security risk is minimal. The main consideration is ensuring that user input is trusted or sanitized before parsing, but the code's validation mitigates potential risks. Overall, the code is secure and appropriate for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}