{
  "purpose": "Convert an Internationalized Resource Identifier (IRI) to a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI), handling encoding according to RFC 3987.",
  "sources": "Input data is the URI/IRI string passed to iri2uri(), particularly from function arguments, including Unicode strings.",
  "sinks": "Encoded URI string returned by iri2uri(), with potential manipulation via encode() which performs percent-encoding of specific characters.",
  "flows": "The function takes a Unicode URI/IRI, splits it into components, encodes the authority (IDNA encoding), then percent-encodes characters in the URI, and reconstructs the URI.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code observed. Use of deprecated 'urlparse' module in Python 2; no unsafe SQL or data leaks present. encode() performs standard percent-encoding, no obfuscation or misleading variables. The script contains a comprehensive set of test cases for validation, which is typical for standard libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code converts IRIs to URIs by parsing the URI components, encoding the authority with IDNA, then percent-encoding Unicode characters in the URI according to specified ranges. The encode() function applies percent-encoding to characters based on their Unicode code point. The script uses standard modules and functions, with no dynamic code execution or external network connections. The test cases verify correctness but do not perform any malicious actions. The code structure is straightforward, with no obfuscation or suspicious behavior. The usage of 'urlparse' indicates Python 2 code, but this does not impact security directly.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard utility for IRI to URI conversion, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It correctly handles Unicode to percent-encoding conversions and adheres to RFC 3987. The code appears safe for use, with no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}