{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to fetch content from a URL or process a prompt directly, potentially extracting text from files via the 'textract' library.",
  "sources": "The code reads input via the 'prompt' parameter, which could be a URL or a string; it also reads data from URLs through 'urllib.request.urlopen'.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow into 'textract.process' after downloading a file, or into the return value directly if not a URL.",
  "flows": "Input 'prompt' is checked if it's a URL; if so, the content is downloaded, saved temporarily, then processed with 'textract'. Otherwise, 'prompt' is returned directly.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically imports 'textract' only if a URL is detected; it downloads files without validation; uses temporary files without cleanup in case of exceptions. No explicit security controls or validation of input URLs beyond scheme and netloc.",
  "analysis": "The code first determines if 'prompt' is a URL. If it is, it attempts to find the 'textract' library dynamically. If 'textract' is available, it downloads the URL content into a temporary file, then processes it with 'textract' to extract text, which is returned. If not a URL, it returns 'prompt' directly. Exception handling is broad, returning 'prompt' on any failure. The dynamic import and conditional processing suggest cautious handling, but no malicious intent is evident. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are present. It mainly fetches and processes files, with potential security considerations around handling untrusted URLs and file cleanup.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a utility for fetching and extracting text from URLs, with standard practices and no signs of malicious behavior. It does not contain backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious code. Overall, it seems benign but should be reviewed for proper URL validation and secure handling of external data.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}