{
  "purpose": "To fetch content from a URL or return the input prompt if not a URL, and extract text from the URL content if possible.",
  "sources": "Reads URL input from the 'prompt' parameter; reads data from the URL via urllib.request.urlopen",
  "sinks": "Writes to a temporary file on disk; reads data from the URL; possibly calls textract.process which may perform text extraction from files",
  "flows": "Input prompt → is_url check → if URL, fetch data via urllib → write data to tempfile → textract.process on tempfile → return extracted text or original prompt",
  "anomalies": "Uses tempfile with delete=False, which could leave temporary files on disk; loads textract dynamically only if available; does not validate URL content or size; exception handling broadly catches all exceptions without logging or specific handling",
  "analysis": "The code begins by defining functions to check if an input string is a URL and to retrieve its contents. If the input is a URL, it attempts to fetch the content using urllib, saving it temporarily to disk with a suffix matching the URL's file extension. If the textract library is available, it processes the saved file to extract text. The temporary file is deleted after processing. The use of dynamic import and conditional processing based on textract presence indicates flexibility but does not inherently introduce malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials, data leaks, or suspicious network activity are evident. The broad exception handling could mask errors but is not malicious. Overall, the code appears to perform benign content fetching and text extraction, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility for fetching URL content and extracting text if possible. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain threats. It manages temporary files carefully, albeit with some minor concerns about leftover files if exceptions occur. Overall, it is safe with no immediate security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}