{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this code is to load, save, and manage GeoTIFF raster data files, providing a dataset interface compatible with Kedro for geospatial data processing.",
  "sources": "Code reads input paths via get_protocol_and_path and self._get_load_path(); reads file existence via fsspec filesystem; reads raster data using rasterio.open and rioxarray.open_rasterio; accesses data attributes and tags; reads data via load() method.",
  "sinks": "Data is written to disk in save() and _save_multiband() methods via rasterio's to_raster and write functions, using paths derived from get_filepath_str; metadata and attributes are updated during load; filesystem cache invalidation occurs after saving.",
  "flows": "Source: get_protocol_and_path and _get_load_path provide input paths; data is read via rasterio and rioxarray functions; data attributes and tags are fetched and updated; data is validated; data is saved via rasterio, with meta-information; cache invalidation occurs post-write.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No obfuscated code patterns observed. No hidden network activity, system modifications, or suspicious dynamic code execution. Usage of standard libraries and open-source packages is evident. No unusual or unexpected code constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles file input/output for geospatial raster data using established libraries like rasterio, rioxarray, and xarray. It performs standard checks such as CRS presence and supported dimensions. No indication of malicious code, network activity, or backdoors. The methods rely on well-documented libraries and perform typical filesystem operations. Cache invalidation and exception handling are appropriately implemented. There are no signs of hardcoded secrets, malicious data leaks, or suspicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate implementation for handling GeoTIFF raster datasets within a Kedro project. It employs standard libraries for geospatial data management and includes appropriate validation and cache management. No malicious or suspicious behavior was identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}