{
  "purpose": "The code appears to parse and process GraphQL schema definitions, including handling types, interfaces, enums, and schema components.",
  "sources": "Reads data from function parameters, GraphQL schema objects, and type attributes, such as 'RJEaDFsbChpzeZFCLauZJxEeFbykyUay' input, and schema's 'type_map' or 'query_type', 'mutation_type'.",
  "sinks": "Uses schema attributes and functions like 'graphql.parse' and 'graphql.build_ast_schema' to process schema definitions. Potentially dangerous if input is untrusted, as it could influence schema construction.",
  "flows": "Input schema (string or object) is parsed or used to build schema objects, then schema components are inspected and manipulated. Fields from schema types are read, and new schema objects are constructed. Interface implementations are set dynamically.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable names, which are unusual but not suspicious by itself. The code performs complex, layered processing with dynamic attribute access and manipulation, but no clear malicious activity. The only concern is processing untrusted schema input without validation, which could lead to schema manipulation or resource exhaustion if malicious input is provided.",
  "analysis": "The code processes GraphQL schemas, parsing strings into schema objects, extracting type maps, sorting types, and assigning schema fields such as 'query' and 'mutation'. It dynamically constructs internal data structures, including type categorization (scalars, interfaces, unions, enums, input objects). It also dynamically assigns interface implementations. No code indicates malicious intent; it mainly performs schema introspection and organization. The obfuscated style and dynamic attribute access could be used maliciously if combined with untrusted input, but this code alone appears to be a schema processing utility without malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a schema processing utility that organizes and modifies GraphQL schema components. It does not contain malicious behavior by itself; however, it processes untrusted input schemas without validation, which could be exploited to cause issues if used improperly. The overall risk is low but warrants careful input validation in production environments.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}