{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of methods to construct and modify transaction models for Avalara's AvaTax API, mainly focusing on building transaction data with various parameters.",
  "sources": "User input parameters in methods such as with_transaction_code, with_address, with_latlong, with_line, with_exempt_line, with_parameter, with_line_parameter, with_line_tax_override, with_tax_override, and with_separate_address_line.",
  "sinks": "The create() method which sends the constructed model to the client.create_transaction function; potential data leakage if the model contains sensitive info, but the code itself does not handle or process sensitive data directly.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into the create_model dictionary via setter methods, which are then used in create() to invoke external API calls. No direct data flow to external systems within the code itself.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or suspicious code patterns. The code is primarily standard SDK-like builder methods with no obfuscated or malicious logic. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or data theft mechanisms are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a TransactionBuilder class with various methods to set transaction parameters, addresses, lines, and overrides. All methods modify an internal model dictionary. There is proper handling of different input types, with no evidence of malicious or suspicious behavior. No data is sent or received in the code itself; external API calls are encapsulated in the create() method, which relies on an external client. No hardcoded secrets, environment variable misuse, or code injection points are visible. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate SDK component designed for transaction data construction, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard SDK-like builder for constructing transaction models for Avalara's AvaTax API. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. The structure and content are consistent with legitimate SDK code, and no security risks or malware indicators are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}