{
  "purpose": "The code manages pseudo-terminal (PTY) operations for Docker containers, enabling interactive terminal sessions and command execution within containers.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include signals (signal handlers), container information via Docker client methods, and user input streams (stdin). Data is read from system signals, Docker API responses, and user input streams.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks are Docker API calls (start, resize, attach_socket, exec_create, exec_start, exec_resize), signal handling functions, and I/O streams (stdout, stderr, stdin).",
  "flows": "Data flows from user/system inputs (signals, stdin) to Docker API functions (e.g., start, resize, attach_socket). Signals trigger PTY resizing. User inputs are pumped through io.Pump to container streams. Container responses flow back to stdout/stderr via pumps.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Use of warnings for deprecation indicates maintenance notes rather than malicious intent. No obfuscation or hidden code features are present. Signal handling is standard. The code relies on external Docker API and io modules, which appear to be standard or intended.",
  "analysis": "The code facilitates PTY management for Docker containers, including signal handling, stream piping, and container interaction via Docker API calls. It employs standard Python modules and well-known design patterns. No suspicious data leaks, external communications, or malicious activities such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system modifications are evident. All external interactions are via Docker API and system signals, with no evident malicious side effects. The use of warnings for deprecation suggests ongoing maintenance rather than malicious intent. The overall structure and content point to legitimate container management functionality without malicious or sabotage intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate PTY management for Docker containers, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It correctly handles signals, I/O streams, and Docker API interactions without exposing system or user data to external malicious actors. No malware or malicious intent is evident based on the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}