{
  "purpose": "The code is a Python wrapper for tmux, managing sessions, windows, and panes by executing tmux commands via subprocess calls and parsing outputs into objects.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (e.g., TMUX, TMUX_TMPDIR), method parameters such as session names, commands, environment dicts, and target identifiers.",
  "sinks": "Subprocess command executions, environment variable modifications, and output parsing into Python objects.",
  "flows": "Inputs from environment variables and method parameters are used to construct command arguments; commands are executed via subprocess; outputs are processed into Session, Window, Pane objects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code detected. Use of subprocess with user-controlled inputs could pose command injection risks if inputs are not sanitized externally.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-structured API wrapper for tmux, executing trusted commands based on provided parameters and environment variables. No signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration are present. The main security concern is potential command injection if inputs are untrusted, but the code itself does not perform any malicious operations or obfuscation. It relies on external validation for inputs. The subprocess calls are constructed as lists, reducing but not eliminating injection risk. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscation are present. The code manages resources properly and includes deprecation warnings for legacy methods.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, benign tmux management wrapper with minimal security risks. The primary concern is ensuring that inputs passed into subprocess commands are validated externally to prevent command injection. No malware or obfuscation is detected. The overall security risk score should be around 0.2, reflecting the typical risks associated with subprocess execution with user-controlled inputs, but no active malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}