{
  "purpose": "This code initializes and runs a WebSocket server, allowing custom callback functions for client connection, disconnection, and message reception.",
  "sources": "Reads command-line arguments for server configuration; uses 'WebsocketServer' class from an imported module; dynamically executes an interactive console.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'globals()' to create server instance; invokes callback functions; launches an interactive console that can execute arbitrary code.",
  "flows": "Command-line args -> server setup via 'globals()' -> callback assignments -> 'console.interact()' which executes arbitrary code.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'globals()' to create and assign server instances dynamically, and 'code.InteractiveConsole' which can execute arbitrary user input. No hardcoded credentials or obfuscated code are present. The script's design allows execution of arbitrary code through the interactive console.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a WebSocket server with configurable host and port via command-line arguments. It assigns callback functions for client events. The use of 'globals()' for server instance management introduces dynamic behavior but isn't inherently malicious. The critical point is launching an interactive console with 'code.InteractiveConsole', which permits executing any code entered during the session. While this is a feature often used for debugging, it can be exploited if misused or if unauthorized users gain access. No malicious code, data exfiltration, or network communications to suspicious domains are present. The code's primary security concern lies in its capacity to run arbitrary code via the interactive console, which could be exploited maliciously if the environment is not properly secured.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a WebSocket server setup script with dynamic server instance creation and an embedded interactive console. It does not contain malicious code or malware signatures but does allow execution of arbitrary code through the console, posing a significant security risk if improperly protected. The overall malicious behavior score is low, but the security risk is high due to the console's potential misuse.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 4
}