{
  "purpose": "To set up and run a WebSocket server with customizable callback functions for client connection, disconnection, and message receipt.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from command-line arguments (server_name, host, port), and possibly user input in the interactive console.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include the dynamic creation of a global variable with a server instance and the interactive console that allows arbitrary code execution.",
  "flows": "Command-line arguments are used to create a WebSocket server object, which then has callback functions assigned. The interactive console allows the user to execute arbitrary Python code in the current context.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'globals()[server_name]' for dynamic server object creation and launching an interactive console that grants the user full code execution capabilities in the server context. No validation or sanitization of command-line inputs is performed. The code imports 'WebsocketServer' as 'ws' but does not verify its source or security.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by importing modules, including a potentially malicious 'WebsocketServer' module. It defines callback functions for client events. In 'main()', it uses argparse to parse user input for server configuration, then dynamically creates a server object in the global namespace using user-provided 'server_name'. It assigns callback functions to this server. Finally, it opens an interactive console, providing full access to the program's local and global state, which can be exploited to execute arbitrary code. The use of dynamic globals and an interactive console that can run any code makes this highly risky. There are no explicit security checks or restrictions, making this susceptible to misuse or malicious exploitation.",
  "conclusion": "The code itself does not contain malicious payloads, but it creates a highly insecure environment by allowing arbitrary code execution through an interactive console and dynamic global variables. This setup can be exploited to execute malicious code if misused. It appears intended for development or debugging purposes rather than secure deployment.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.9,
  "report_number": 3
}