{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom debugging and inspection constructs (Probe and Debugger) for use in data parsing and building frameworks, primarily to aid debugging and introspection during development.",
  "sources": "The code reads data streams in the 'Probe' class (_parse, _build, printout methods) and exception details during debugging in the 'Debugger' class (_parse, _build, handle_exc methods). It also accesses context data through the 'into' callable.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data from input streams is peeked at in 'Probe.printout' via stream.read, but no data is written or sent elsewhere. Exception tracebacks and context are printed to standard output or logs, not to external destinations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input streams into 'Probe' during parsing and building, with potential context data accessed via 'into'. Exception handling in 'Debugger' captures and outputs traceback info. No data flows into network or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data manipulations. The code is standard for debugging purposes, with no unusual or misleading constructs. The use of 'pdb.post_mortem' is for debugging and not malicious. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides debugging utilities for parsing frameworks, allowing developers to inspect data streams and context at runtime. 'Probe' peeks into the stream and prints data, while 'Debugger' enables interactive debugging on exceptions. There are no signs of malicious intent, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The use of standard debugging tools and printing to stdout is typical for development support. Overall, the code appears safe and intended for debugging purposes only.",
  "conclusion": "This code is designed for debugging and introspection during development. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data handling. No security risks are evident beyond normal debugging output, which is non-intrusive and safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}