{
  "purpose": "The code is designed for running and visualizing experiments involving various comparison methods, handling data storage, and plotting results. It supports parameter matching, data calculation, saving, and plotting functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from parameters (params_dict, config_dict), reads existing CSV files if save_data is False, and possibly reads external modules (imported functions and libraries).",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially be written into CSV files or plotted figures. The code also calls external functions that may accept untrusted input if misused, but from this code, data flow is mainly from local variables and function outputs.",
  "flows": "Parameters and configuration data flow into calculation functions; computed data flows into saving functions or visualization functions; reading existing data from CSV files is also part of the flow when data is reused.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hard-coded secrets, or backdoors are evident. Cache clearing functions are standard; no obfuscated or unusual language features are present. The use of external modules appears legitimate; no signs of malicious obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code performs data computation, caching clearance, file I/O, and plotting, all of which are typical in data analysis pipelines. The functions handle parameters carefully, with validation checks. No code injection or data leakage points are apparent. There are no indications of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, network communication, or hidden backdoors. Cache clearing before computations prevents stale data but is a standard practice. Reading and writing data to CSV, generating plots, and dynamic plotting are normal operations. No suspicious or malicious behaviors are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate data analysis and visualization utility for experimental results. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It follows standard practices for handling data, caching, and plotting without any suspicious or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}