{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to perform experiments involving statistical or computational methods, process data, generate plots, and save or display results. It facilitates parameter configuration, data calculation, and visualization for analysis purposes.",
  "sources": "Data inputs are read from parameters passed into functions, including 'params_dict' and 'config_dict'. External data is read from CSV files when 'save_data' is False, specifically from a constructed path within an 'examples/data' directory.",
  "sinks": "Data outputs are saved as CSV files in a specified directory, and plots are saved as PNG files. Additionally, plots can be displayed interactively if 'save_plots' is False.",
  "flows": "Data flows from parameter inputs and optional existing CSV files (source). Calculations generate data stored in memory, then optionally saved to CSV (sink). Plots are generated from this data and either saved to disk or displayed (sink).",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior such as obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic execution, or misleading variables is evident. Usage of external libraries appears standard. Cache clearing explicitly targets known modules and functions with 'cache_clear'. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or privacy violations are detected. No suspicious network activity or malware-like behavior is present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily involves data processing, plotting, and file management. It clears caches in known modules, calculates data through function calls determined dynamically, and manages data persistence with standard pandas I/O. Data is read from and written to predictable paths, and plotting functions use standard matplotlib-based functions. No dynamic code execution or network activity is observed. The functions and data flows are typical for experimental or analytical scripts, with no suspicious or malicious behavior evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard scientific or data analysis script, with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It handles data securely and predictably, performs expected operations, and does not contain obfuscated or malicious code segments. Its purpose aligns with data analysis and visualization tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}