{
  "purpose": "The code defines multiple custom exception classes, primarily subclasses of CINIvDOeOiANRGcIOBCWVKjMvUANFSfF, with a class-level attribute NXCSIMpjPfOBioHUsPmPFfhrWQFAowGs set to different integer values.",
  "sources": "Class definitions and class-level attributes. No input reading or external data sources are present.",
  "targets": "No explicit sinks or data output points are present. The code only defines classes without invoking or utilizing them.",
  "flows": "No data flow from sources to sinks is observed; the code is purely class definitions with no execution or data handling.",
  "anomalies": "Class and attribute names appear to be random, obfuscated, with no meaningful identifiers. The code is heavily obfuscated, with no comments or descriptive variable names. No credentials, secrets, or suspicious code patterns are directly observable.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a base exception class with an unusual name and a class-level attribute initialized to zero. Several subclasses extend this base class, each overriding the attribute with different constant values from 4 to 17. The naming conventions are nonsensical, which suggests obfuscation. There are no functions, data processing, network calls, or file operations. The pattern resembles obfuscated code that may be intended to hide malicious behavior or simply serve as a decoy. Since there is no actual execution, data handling, or network activity, no malicious actions are directly observable. The structure alone does not indicate malicious intent, but the obfuscation raises suspicion that this may be part of a larger, concealed malicious scheme.",
  "conclusion": "The code consists of obfuscated class definitions with no functional behavior, input, output, or external interactions. While no direct malicious activity is evident, the heavy obfuscation and nonsensical identifiers are typical of malicious or maliciously intended code designed to evade detection. Without additional context or code execution, this appears to be benign but suspicious obfuscation rather than confirmed malicious code.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}