{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom Hashid-based Django model fields for obscuring integer identifiers with Hashids, including mixins, validators, and integrations with Django admin and REST Framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration settings (settings), user input via model field values, and class attributes. It also imports Hashids library and project-specific modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or effects could occur in methods that return encoded hashes, validators, or interact with database values. Specifically, 'from_db_value', 'to_python', and 'get_prep_value' transform or encode data, and 'contribute_to_class' assigns descriptors.",
  "flows": "Data from user input (e.g., model creation or update) flows through 'to_python' and validators, possibly encoded via 'get_hashid' and 'encode_id'. Encoded hashes are used in database storage and retrieval. The encoding process involves Hashids with configurable salt and alphabet.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The only potentially sensitive info is in 'settings' variables, but they are standard config variables. The code includes commented-out code for dynamic prefix computation but is not active. No obfuscated or malicious code appears.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines custom fields for Hashids, with validations, encoding, and integration into Django models. It checks for proper alphabet length, salt presence, and supports various lookups. No signs of malicious data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors are present. The code relies on external libraries (Hashids, Django) and appears to be well-structured for secure data obfuscation. The only potential concern is reliance on configuration values, but this is standard practice and not malicious. There are no code injection points, network calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, security-conscious implementation of Hashid-based Django model fields. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. It’s a typical extension of Django ORM for obscuring identifiers with Hashids, with proper validation and safe handling. Overall, low suspicion of malware or security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}