{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python web application framework class named Starlette, which manages routing, middleware, exception handling, and event handling for web applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from module imports, class initializations, method parameters, environment variables (via sys.version_info), and potentially from any user-supplied parameters such as routes, middleware, exception handlers, event handlers, and URLs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the construction and invocation of middleware classes, route handlers, exception handlers, and event handlers, which can execute arbitrary user-supplied code. Also, the code may process untrusted data when calling these handlers or routes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs through parameters like routes, middleware, and exception handlers into the middleware stack and route handlers. These handlers are invoked within the ASGI application context, and untrusted data can flow into application logic or be used to generate responses.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains deprecated decorator methods (`exception_handler`, `route`, `websocket_route`, `middleware`) that issue warnings but do not perform malicious actions. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious dynamic code execution is present. The code relies on external libraries (Starlette) and standard Python features. No obfuscated or misleading code structures are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a web application framework class with methods for configuration and middleware stack building. It primarily manages routing, middleware, and exception handling through well-structured, standard Python code. No direct indications of malicious activity, backdoors, or covert data exfiltration mechanisms are found. The presence of deprecation warnings for certain functions indicates maintenance and API evolution but does not suggest malicious intent. The import statements are standard, and no unsafe or dynamic code execution is present. The code operates within the expected pattern of a web framework without executing user code directly in unsafe ways.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate framework class implementation for a web application, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles user data in a controlled manner, with no hardcoded secrets or malicious features. The deprecated methods only issue warnings and do not perform harmful actions. Overall, the code is safe for use within the context of a web framework.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}