{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for parsing ISO 8601 durations, dates, datetimes, and converting SQL-like patterns to regex patterns.",
  "sources": "Input strings for duration, date, datetime, and pattern strings provided to functions like parse_duration, parse_date, parse_datetime, like_pattern_to_re_pattern, and like_pattern_to_re.",
  "sinks": "Regex pattern compilation and matching operations, especially in like_pattern_to_re, which could be exploited via ReDoS if patterns are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Input strings are parsed or converted into regex patterns; patterns are compiled and used for matching. No external data flows or network activity are present.",
  "anomalies": "Regex pattern construction involves complex substitutions that could be vulnerable to ReDoS if user-controlled patterns are maliciously crafted. The approximation of months and years to fixed days in parse_duration may lead to inaccuracies but not security issues.",
  "analysis": "The code provides standard utility functions with careful handling of escaping in regex pattern conversion. No malicious code, obfuscation, or external data access is present. The only potential concern is the regex pattern matching, which could be exploited via ReDoS if patterns are crafted maliciously. The parse_duration function approximates months and years to fixed days, which could cause inaccuracies but is not a security flaw. The IdempotentDict class is benign and serves as a simple placeholder. Overall, the code is straightforward, well-structured, and free of malicious intent, with a very low security risk primarily related to pattern matching performance.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility module with no signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The only minor security consideration is the potential for ReDoS in pattern matching if user input is maliciously crafted, which is a known and manageable risk. The malware score remains at 0, obfuscated at 0, and the security risk at approximately 0.1, reflecting this minor concern. Overall, the code is safe and suitable for use in supply chain contexts with standard precautions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}