{
  "purpose": "The code provides higher-level functions for data preparation and manipulation in Azure Machine Learning, including string trimming, stream info retrieval, datetime creation, regex matching, and stream info creation.",
  "sources": "Input expressions for various functions such as 'value', 'trim_left', 'trim_right', 'base_path', 'pattern', and 'value' parameters in 'create_stream_info', 'create_http_stream_info', and regex methods.",
  "sinks": "The functions do not include explicit sinks; no code writes untrusted data to system resources or external endpoints. The regex functions invoke external engines but do not contain network or file I/O code directly.",
  "flows": "Input expressions are validated and processed into invocation expressions that call functions or methods (e.g., 'GetResourceName', 'GetStreamProperties', 'RegexIsMatch'). There is no evidence of data flows from untrusted sources to sinks that would cause harm.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for a data transformation library; no hardcoded credentials, suspicious data leaks, or backdoors are present. The regex class initializes with regex patterns but does not execute any malicious code; regex execution is handled externally. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily composed of functions that construct expression objects for data processing in Azure ML environments. Input parameters are validated for type correctness, and functions invoke well-defined external expressions for string trimming, stream metadata retrieval, datetime creation, and regex operations. There are no indications of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage mechanisms. The regex class encapsulates pattern matching logic without executing any code itself. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious behaviors are detected. The functions seem intended for legitimate data preparation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard set of helper functions for data processing within Azure Machine Learning workflows. There is no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. The functions are designed for safe expression construction, and no suspicious activity or malicious behavior is observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}