{
  "purpose": "The function generates a 3D mesh, applies normal calculations, and creates surface data for visualization or further processing, likely in a scientific or visualization context.",
  "sources": "Reads data from input parameters: mDFiiuHdyxlHXfPCrDZQiEnzcPPyvQvx (SurfaceData), BYuGzTJvhxAKTqoCJGHWRoPatYwdtFeW (np.ndarray), kEPHjdVNjRlTclGAOjBRQqldpnHMcrjr (np.ndarray), mode (int), envelope_sigma (float), amplitude_scale (int). Uses imported modules vedo and napari_stress.",
  "sinks": "Uses imported functions and modules to process and generate surface data; no clear sink involving untrusted external data or network activity. No functions that send data externally or write to files are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into mesh construction and normal computation, then into mathematical transformations involving numpy arrays and parameters, resulting in a list of surface data objects created and returned.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic imports within the function; usage of numpy's exponential and square root functions, and multiple mathematical operations are standard. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code is complex but appears typical for visualization workflows.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a mesh with vedo, calculates normals, extracts normals and points, and performs complex mathematical transformations involving sinusoidal and Gaussian functions. It scales and combines data to produce surface data for visualization. The code does not perform any network communication, data exfiltration, or malicious actions. Use of external modules appears to serve legitimate visualization or scientific purposes. No obfuscated or malicious patterns are evident. The overall flow is consistent with scientific visualization tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate, serving visualization and data processing functions. No malicious intent or malicious behavior detected. It employs standard scientific Python libraries for mesh and surface data creation without any suspicious or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}