{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to convert HTML to plain text and to sanitize HTML by removing tags. It is intended for rendering and sanitizing HTML content for display or processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input HTML data via the 'html_to_text' function parameters and through 'sys.stdin' in the main routine.",
  "sinks": "The data is processed internally within functions like 'handle_data', 'sanitize', and 'html_to_text'. The 'sanitize' function outputs sanitized HTML, and 'html_to_text' outputs formatted text. No direct data sinks for untrusted data outside the functions are evident.",
  "flows": "Input HTML flows into 'html_to_text' or 'sanitize', where it is parsed by 'HTMLRenderer' or 'HTMLSanitizer'. Data from tags, entities, and attributes flow through various handlers and are either converted to text, formatted, or stripped, with no external data exfiltration or malicious transmission occurring.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls are present. The code uses standard HTML parsing and text processing libraries. There is no evidence of obfuscation, malicious data exfiltration, or destructive operations. It does contain extensive comments and license info, but nothing malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a safe HTML parser and sanitizer, transforming HTML into formatted text and stripping tags for security. It uses Python's standard 'html.parser' from the 'six' library, with no dynamic code execution, network calls, or malicious payloads. The main routine reads from stdin and processes input HTML, which is typical for such utilities. The functions do not store, transmit, or misuse data; they simply parse and return processed results. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior in structure, flow, or content.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility for rendering and sanitizing HTML content. It performs safe parsing, formatting, and stripping of HTML tags without any malicious intent or harmful behavior. It is suitable for use in security-sensitive contexts without concern for supply chain attacks.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}