{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions to remove directories, kill processes by name, and unzip files, likely for system management or cleanup tasks.",
  "sources": "os.listdir, os.path.join, os.remove, os.rmdir, psutil.process_iter, process.name, subprocess.check_call",
  "sinks": "os.remove, os.rmdir, process.kill, subprocess.check_call",
  "flows": "Reading directory contents and process names (sources) can lead to deletion or termination commands (sinks) when conditions match.",
  "anomalies": "Use of shell=True in subprocess, which can be dangerous if input is not sanitized; no explicit input validation or sanitization evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for deleting directories, killing processes, and extracting ZIP files using 7-Zip via subprocess. The remove_folder function recursively deletes files and directories, with warnings on failures. The kill_process function searches for processes matching a name or regex and kills them, with logging. The unzip_file function extracts archives using 7z, with error handling. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are present. Use of shell=True in subprocess poses security risks if inputs are uncontrolled. The functions rely on trusted inputs, but if inputs are manipulated, they could cause unintended deletions or process terminations. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware. The overall behavior appears intended for system cleanup or management tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for system maintenance activities, such as deleting directories, killing processes, and extracting archives. No malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected. However, the use of shell=True in subprocess without input validation could pose security concerns if inputs are untrusted. Overall, the code appears benign and purposeful, with low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}