{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom wrapper around Click's version_option decorator to include colorized messages for version display in CLI applications.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters such as version, prog_name, message, message_color, prog_name_color, and version_color. Also, the regex split on the message string processes static message templates.",
  "sinks": "The code generates a formatted message string that is passed to click_version_option. No direct untrusted data sinks are present; the message is constructed from controlled parameters.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (version, prog_name, message, colors) are used to create a formatted, colorized message string, which is then passed to the click_version_option function.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. The _colorize function is imported but not defined here, so its implementation is unknown. If _colorize executes code or handles untrusted data insecurely, it could pose a risk, but based on standard use, it likely just applies styling.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a message string with colorization for CLI output, based on parameters. It uses regex to parse the message template for placeholders, then replaces these with colorized versions of the input strings. It performs input validation by raising errors if required parameters are missing when placeholders are used. No dynamic code execution, network operations, or data leaks are present. The _colorize function could be a concern if malicious, but it is a common pattern for styling text.\n\nOverall, the code appears to be a benign utility wrapper, with no indication of malicious intent or behavior. The only point of uncertainty is the implementation of _colorize, but it likely just applies styles.\n\nGiven the analysis, the code is a standard decorator wrapper with no malicious elements.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, standard wrapper for Click's version_option decorator that adds color styling to messages. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident. It is well-structured and performs input validation appropriately.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}