{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a static code analysis tool built using libcst to traverse Python AST nodes, specifically for tracking imports, classes, functions, and assignments in Python code.",
  "sources": "Imports (handle_import), class definitions (iEgEuwWgVVRlmlIpTKRDcLWYxoyEILwq), function definitions (XgFzrnutUkNdIrhdvokViYwTTYUzaALx), and assignments (NNzyStAthsDDAFkrfEcqSJNSkPvvTIWx).",
  "sinks": "The code updates internal data structures based on imports, class, function, and assignment nodes; these are internal operations rather than data leaks. No external sinks such as network, file, or environment variable access are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from imported modules, class and function definitions, and assignments into internal state (stack and scope). There are no data flows leading to external systems or outputs.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable and method names (e.g., gXNLlhfLSRVSqofqVVOMZKaDvPwQtxAT, AragsidDmGwNekQMrySzrsiRNqYMVvWg). The code uses complex, non-descriptive naming conventions that obscure intent. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior is directly visible.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured as a static analysis visitor for Python code, tracking imports, class, function, and assignment nodes. It updates internal data structures with references to code nodes and names. The variable and method names are intentionally obfuscated, which could be a sign of attempt to hide malicious intent. However, the code itself performs typical static analysis tasks without executing or transmitting data. There are no network calls, file writes, or environment manipulations. The logic appears consistent with a tool meant for code introspection or transformation rather than malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a static code analysis tool that tracks imports, classes, functions, and assignments in Python code. Although the naming conventions are heavily obfuscated, the code does not exhibit malicious behavior, external data exfiltration, or harmful operations. The obfuscation could be an attempt to conceal malicious intent, but based solely on this code fragment, there is no evidence of malware or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}