{
  "purpose": "This module provides decorators for dependency injection and resource management within an application, specifically targeting container integration, including context managers.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the import statements, function parameters (e.g., container, shared, func), and reflection utilities to determine types and dependencies.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calls to container methods like 'define', 'partial', 'magic_partial', and 'resolve', which could be misused if container implementations are insecure. Additionally, reflection to obtain return types could be exploited if reflection is manipulated.",
  "flows": "Input parameters such as container and functions are processed through decorators that invoke container methods to register or resolve dependencies, with type reflection determining behavior. Reflection results influence container configuration.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are present. The code utilizes standard dependency injection patterns and reflection utilities without suspicious logic. The reflection usage is typical for type-based dependency registration. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines decorators to register dependencies and context managers within a container. It performs reflection to determine return types, uses container methods to register functions, and applies standard pattern practices. The container interactions appear legitimate and typical for dependency injection frameworks. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors are present. Reflection usage could be a concern if container implementations are insecure, but within this code, it appears standard.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of dependency injection decorators leveraging reflection and container registration. There are no indications of malicious behavior or security risks within this module. The patterns and methods used are typical for such frameworks and do not suggest sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}