{
  "purpose": "This module provides decorators for hooking an application into a dependency injection container, enabling automatic registration and resolution of dependencies.",
  "sources": "Function decorators such as bind_to_container, magic_bind_to_container, dependency_definition, and context_dependency_definition which process user-defined functions for dependency registration; imports from internal modules for reflection, container, and exceptions.",
  "sinks": "Calls to container.partial, container.magic_partial, container.define, and container.resolve methods, which could potentially be misused if the container implementation is insecure. Reflection and inspection methods for return types and function signatures. Usage of inspect.isgeneratorfunction, reflect, and context managers.",
  "flows": "Input functions are decorated which invoke container methods for registration or resolution; reflection extracts return types; decorators convert functions into definitions which are registered into the container; context managers are wrapped for dependency scope.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. The code uses standard Python introspection, reflection, and container registration mechanisms. No external network access, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present. The comments and structure suggest typical dependency injection decorators. No obfuscated code or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several decorators for dependency injection, utilizing reflection and container methods to register or resolve dependencies. These decorators include input validation (checking for FunctionType), error handling via custom exceptions, and support for generator and async generator functions. The usage of reflection for return type extraction appears standard. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data leakage, network activity, or system compromise. All code interacts solely with the container and reflection utilities. The code appears to be well-structured, aiming to facilitate dependency management without any evident security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a dependency injection utility module with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs standard reflection and container registration functions without any suspicious or harmful actions. Overall, the code is safe and intended for dependency management in Python applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}