{
  "purpose": "This module provides decorators for integrating functions and classes into a dependency injection container, supporting binding, singleton management, context management, and reflection-based dependency registration.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function definitions, type annotations, and container method calls (e.g., container.define, reflect). It also accesses function return types and generator functions.",
  "sinks": "The code calls container methods such as container.partial, container.magic_partial, container.define, and container's subscript notation. It also invokes reflection and wrapping functions, but no direct sink that handles untrusted external input or executes untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Sources include function annotations, decorated functions, and reflection data; flows lead into container method calls like define and partial, and into reflection utilities. These flows facilitate dependency registration and resource management but do not involve external data manipulation.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward, with standard use of decorators, reflection, and container interactions. There are no hardcoded secrets, unusual dynamic code execution, or suspicious patterns such as network communication, file manipulation, or cryptographic operations. The only potential concern is the use of reflection and dynamic dependency registration, but these are standard in DI frameworks.",
  "analysis": "The code implements dependency injection decorators with reflection support, context managers, and container registration mechanisms. It validates function types and return types, raising errors if necessary. No obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. All functions operate within expected patterns for a DI framework. No external data is processed in an unsafe manner, and the reflection usage is typical for such systems. Overall, the code appears safe and well-structured, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard dependency injection decorator implementation for a container, with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It uses reflection and container methods appropriately for dependency registration and resource management. There are no signs of sabotage, malware, or dangerous operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}