{
  "purpose": "This code implements a comprehensive utility for handling tabular text data, including CSV parsing, table formatting, sorting, filtering, and row/column manipulation. It is designed for data display and management without executing external code or network operations.",
  "sources": "Reads CSV data from file-like objects, processes data internally within functions like CsvToTable, and accesses data via internal data structures such as self._table and row objects.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sinks are present; the code does not write to files, execute commands, or send data over networks. It only formats and manipulates data internally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input buffers into internal data structures via CsvToTable, then through various methods like Append, Filter, Map, and sort, and finally to formatted string outputs via FormattedTable.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation. The code uses standard Python idioms and external modules for terminal formatting, with no suspicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-structured utility for tabular data management. It handles CSV input safely, performs data manipulation, and produces formatted output. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or malicious patterns are present. The external dependency 'textfsm.terminal' is used solely for terminal formatting. The code does not process untrusted data in a way that could lead to injection or exploitation. All functions and data flows are consistent with benign data handling. The absence of obfuscation, malicious code, or external interactions indicates a low security risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard implementation of a tabular data utility with no signs of malicious activity or security vulnerabilities. It is safe for use in supply chain contexts, with no evidence of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}