{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and methods to manipulate tabular text data, including reading CSV, filtering, sorting, and formatting tables.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from file-like objects via the CsvToTable method and possibly from external data sources provided to various methods such as Append, NewRow, and CsvToTable.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow into the table via CsvToTable, Append, or direct row modifications. However, there are no explicit unsafe operations such as executing code, network access, or system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file-like objects into table structures via CsvToTable; from external sources into rows via Append or NewRow; and into formatted output via FormattedTable and other display methods. There is no indication of untrusted data being used in a way that can cause harm.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hard-coded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious operations are present. The code is standard for data parsing and formatting. There are no backdoors, network connections, or system modifications. The use of exception handling appears standard and unrelated to malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation for handling tabular text data with features like CSV parsing, table merging, filtering, sorting, and formatting. It uses standard Python idioms, standard libraries, and external modules (like textfsm.terminal) without performing unsafe operations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. No hardcoded credentials, system commands, or network activities are detected. The overall structure and logic are consistent with a legitimate data handling library.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard implementation of a tabular data manipulation library with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It appears to be a benign utility for processing and formatting text-based tables, with no suspicious or harmful code segments.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}