{
  "purpose": "The code implements a module for representing and manipulating tabular text data, supporting CSV parsing, table display, sorting, filtering, and row/column operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from file-like objects (via buf.readline() and for line in buf). It also accesses class attributes and method parameters, but no untrusted external sources or network input is evident.",
  "sinks": "The code writes output to string representations for display (e.g., _GetTable, FormattedTable). It processes input data and produces formatted table strings but does not write to files, networks, or execute untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Input data from buf.readlines() flows into parsing functions (CsvToTable), which populate internal data structures. These structures are then used for display and manipulation, with no evident data leaks or code injections.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. No use of eval, exec, or dynamic code execution. No obfuscated code or misleading variable usage is observed. Error handling uses custom exceptions but nothing unusual.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a tabular data handler with CSV parsing, table formatting, sorting, and filtering capabilities. It does not contain network operations, dynamic code execution, or access to sensitive environment variables. The functions for reading input and producing output are straightforward and do not perform any malicious actions. Error handling is implemented with custom exceptions without exposing or mishandling data. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility module for table data management, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign table manipulation utility with no evident malicious intent or security risks. It performs expected operations such as parsing CSV, formatting tables, sorting, and filtering without interacting with external untrusted sources or executing dynamic code. There are no signs of supply chain attacks or malicious modifications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}