{
  "purpose": "Convert CET-*.csv files to descriptive names using a mapping and move them into a single folder, then remove the original directory.",
  "sources": "Reads CSV files from CETperceptual_csv_0_1_v2 directory, reads mapping dictionary from CET_to_py.py",
  "sinks": "Uses subprocess to execute 'git mv' commands for renaming and moving files, and 'git rm' to remove directory",
  "flows": "Reads file paths -> uses mapping to determine new filenames -> constructs new paths -> executes 'git mv' commands to rename files -> removes original directory",
  "anomalies": "Uses subprocess with shell=True for executing git commands, which could be risky if inputs are malicious, but in this context, inputs are controlled filenames. No evidence of hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No obfuscated code or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The script reads CSV filenames from a specific directory, then maps each filename stem to a descriptive name via the imported mapping. It modifies the name based on certain conditions and constructs new filenames. It then uses subprocess to run 'git mv' commands to rename and move files within the repository, and finally removes the original directory with 'git rm'. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections, or backdoors. The use of subprocess with shell=True is potentially dangerous in untrusted contexts, but given the controlled environment and intended use, it appears safe. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a file renaming and restructuring task using standard subprocess calls to git commands. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The only minor concern is the use of subprocess with shell=True, but given the controlled filenames, this is not malicious. Overall, the script appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}