{
  "purpose": "Configuration constants and regex patterns for web scraping and media processing, including URL prefixes, regex for parsing HTML and JavaScript obfuscation, and some static parameters.",
  "sources": "Constants and regex patterns used for parsing HTML content, matching URLs, and analyzing obfuscated JavaScript code.",
  "sinks": "No active data sinks or data flow; code does not process untrusted input or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Static definitions with no runtime data flow; regex patterns may be used in analysis but do not execute or process data directly.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of regex patterns targeting eval-based JavaScript suggests handling of obfuscated scripts; 'MAGIC_NUMBER' is an arbitrary constant but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of static configuration and regex patterns for parsing HTML and JavaScript, with no functions, data processing, or network activity. Regex for eval scripts indicates some handling of obfuscated code but does not imply malicious intent. Domains used are related to media content and are not inherently suspicious. The 'MAGIC_NUMBER' is a cultural meme number and not malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious URL domains are present. The malware score is 0, as there is no evidence of malicious behavior. The obfuscated score is moderate (around 0.4), justified by regex patterns that could be used for analyzing obfuscated scripts. The overall security risk is very low (around 0.2), consistent with the code's static, configuration-only nature.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, serving as configuration for web scraping/media processing with regex patterns that may handle obfuscated scripts. No malicious activity, backdoors, or security risks are evident. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate, with slight adjustments in obfuscation suspicion justified by regex patterns. Overall, the code appears safe and the supply chain integrity is intact.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}