{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be part of a web scraping or media processing script, involving URL management, regex patterns for parsing HTML and media streams, and configuration constants for processing video files.",
  "sources": "Data sources include URL strings, regex patterns for parsing HTML content, and configuration constants such as file paths and headers. No external or untrusted input handling is explicitly shown.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the usage of URL prefixes, regex extraction results, or file path variables, which could lead to data leaks if misused, but no direct data transmission or malicious sink is present in the snippet.",
  "flows": "The flow involves parsing HTML with regex to extract links and titles, constructing URLs with prefixes, and using configuration constants for processing media streams. There are no complex data flows or untrusted data paths visible.",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, suspicious URL domains, or malicious code snippets. The presence of regex patterns and URL prefixes suggests data extraction rather than malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code defines constants and regex patterns for web scraping or media processing. No untrusted input handling, network communication, or system modifications are evident. The regex patterns are used for parsing HTML and media URLs, which is common in scraping scripts. No suspicious functions or obfuscated code are present. All URL domains seem intended for media streaming or content collection, not malicious purposes. The 'MAGIC_NUMBER' and other constants do not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be for legitimate content parsing and management.",
  "conclusion": "This code is likely part of a web scraping or media processing utility and does not exhibit any malicious behavior or supply chain threats. It contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The risk of malware or malicious intent is very low based on this snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}