{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define constants and regular expressions for web scraping or media processing related to downloading videos or movies from specific URLs.",
  "sources": "Constants defining file paths, URL prefixes, regex patterns for parsing HTML and JavaScript, and some configuration parameters such as retry counts and headers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the usage of URLs, file paths for saving downloaded content, and regex matches that could be used to extract and process potentially malicious scripts or data.",
  "flows": "Data may flow from HTML content (sources) to regex extraction (pattern matching) and then to file storage or URL processing, but no explicit data manipulation or execution is present.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of a 'MAGIC_NUMBER' set to 114514, a number sometimes used as an in-joke or for obfuscation, but not inherently malicious. No code execution, input handling, or network transmission code is present. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The regex patterns suggest parsing of potentially obfuscated JavaScript or HTML.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines constants and regex patterns for processing HTML and JavaScript content related to video URLs and titles. There is no active code or functions executing any logic. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious commands are evident. The presence of regex for matching eval-based JavaScript functions could hint at deobfuscation efforts but does not indicate malicious intent by itself. The use of static URLs and parameters appears typical for web scraping workflows. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious payloads are found.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be part of a web scraping or media processing tool with no signs of malicious intent. It only contains constants and regex patterns used for parsing web pages. No malware, suspicious behavior, or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}