{
  "purpose": "The code defines a BIC (Bank Identifier Code) class for validating, parsing, and managing BICs according to ISO 9362:2022, with methods for creating BICs from bank codes and country codes, and for retrieving associated bank and country information.",
  "sources": "Reads input from constructor parameters (bic string), class method inputs (country_code, bank_code), registry data (bank code and BIC registry), and environment via country data (pycountry).",
  "sinks": "Uses validation functions, regex matching, and registry lookups; no direct data sinks or output flows to untrusted sources are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data (bic, country_code, bank_code) flows through validation and lookup functions to produce parsed attributes and registry lookups. No external or network data flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior observed. The code relies on registry data and standard validation; no hardcoded credentials or backdoors present. Warnings warn about deprecated properties but do not imply malicious intent. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or suspicious string manipulations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs data validation, registry lookups, and data parsing for BIC codes, adhering to standard formats and country-specific rules. It uses regex patterns for validation, registry for data retrieval, and warnings for deprecated properties. No evidence of malicious code, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors, is detected. The code is well-structured with validation, exception handling, and registry indexing. There are no signs of obfuscated or malicious intent; all operations are typical for data validation and management modules.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for BIC validation and parsing with registry lookups. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or suspicious anomalies. The apparent purpose is to facilitate BIC handling according to standards, with no indicators of security risks or malicious sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}