{
  "purpose": "Define and validate a BIC (Bank Identifier Code) class with validation, lookup, and related functionality for financial institutions.",
  "sources": "Regular expressions for BIC pattern matching, registry lookups for BIC-related data, country code validation, and input parameters to class methods.",
  "sinks": "Instantiation of BIC objects, validation methods, registry data access, and property accessors that may process input data.",
  "flows": "Input parameters to constructor and methods → validation and registry lookups → properties/methods retrieving data or performing validation.",
  "anomalies": "Use of compiled regex patterns for BIC validation; reliance on external registry data which could be manipulated if registry contents are compromised; deprecation warnings that do not pose security risk but suggest legacy code; no direct code execution, eval, or unsafe string handling observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a BIC class with validation, lookup, and property functions. Validation involves regex matching, length checks, and country code validation against the 'pycountry' database. Data is fetched from a registry object, which is external but not shown to execute any untrusted code. All data processing involves standard attribute access, lookups, and validation without executing or evaluating untrusted input dynamically. The code uses regular expressions to validate BIC format but does not perform any unsafe operations such as code injection, system commands, or file operations. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The only notable behavior is the use of warnings for deprecation, which does not pose security risks. The reliance on external registry data could be a concern if the registry is compromised, but this is outside the scope of this module and not malicious by itself. Overall, the code appears to implement a validation and lookup system with standard Python features and no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured implementation of a BIC validation and lookup class. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It relies on regex validation, country code verification, and external registry data. No signs of supply chain attack, backdoors, data leakage, or malicious code are evident. The only potential concern is the external registry data source, which should be secured and validated outside this module. Overall, the code appears safe and non-malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}