{
  "purpose": "The code defines a BIC (Bank Identifier Code) class for validation, creation, and lookup of BICs in financial contexts, including validation, parsing, and registry interactions.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from class initialization parameters, method arguments, regex matches, and registry lookups.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points include registry lookups and property methods returning registry data; no untrusted data directly used for critical operations or system commands.",
  "flows": "Input data (BIC strings, bank and country codes) flow through validation and parsing functions, with registry data used for lookup and validation. No external system commands or network operations are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. Usage of regex for validation is straightforward. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors detected. Deprecation warnings are present but benign. Registry access is standard and appears to be a data structure lookup.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a BIC class with validation and lookup functionalities, relying on regex validation, registry data, and country code validation. The validation procedures are standard. The registry interactions are for lookup purposes only and do not involve external communication. There are no signs of malicious code, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. Usage of warnings and properties appears benign. The class methods and properties are typical for data validation and parsing with no suspicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a BIC validation and lookup class, with no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It functions solely as a data validation and registry interface, with no network, system modification, or covert operations observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}