{
  "purpose": "Web scraper and command-line interface for retrieving current and historical song information from the Muzak WPN website.",
  "sources": "Requests to the base URL for directory and channel HTML pages, responses from grequests for multiple channels, parsing HTML via BeautifulSoup, and reading package version via importlib.metadata.",
  "sinks": "Reading website content for scraping; no writing to external systems or executing untrusted code; output to JSON files and console.",
  "flows": "Requests to website -> HTML parsing -> extraction of song and channel data -> output to JSON or console; no untrusted data flow to external systems beyond data retrieval and display.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. Use of external libraries (grequests, BeautifulSoup, fuzz) appears legitimate for web scraping and fuzzy matching. No obfuscated or dynamically executed code. No unusual network activity besides standard web requests. Package version retrieval is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs web scraping: fetching HTML pages, parsing song data, and providing CLI commands for data retrieval. It uses requests and grequests for network calls, which are standard for web scraping. HTML parsing relies on BeautifulSoup, and fuzzy matching with thefuzz is used for flexible channel name recognition. There are no signs of data exfiltration, remote code execution, or malicious payloads. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The only data transmitted externally are GET requests to known URLs, which are typical for scraping. No suspicious network activity or file system modifications are evident. The logic appears solely focused on extracting and displaying song data, with no indication of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard web scraper and CLI tool for retrieving publicly available data from a website. There are no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior, no suspicious data flows, nor any malware-like activities. The use of libraries and network interactions are consistent with legitimate web scraping operations. Overall, the package appears benign and safe to use.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}