{
  "purpose": "The code modifies the Stripe SDK to override OAuth token and deauthorize methods with custom asynchronous implementations.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to token_patch and deauthorize_patch functions, specifically 'params' which are used in API requests.",
  "sinks": "API requests to '/oauth/token' and '/oauth/deauthorize' endpoints, which involve sending sensitive data such as credentials or tokens.",
  "flows": "Params are passed into custom async functions, which create an APIRequestor instance, then make POST requests to OAuth endpoints with the parameters, returning response data.",
  "anomalies": "Use of asynchronous functions in a context where the standard Stripe SDK is typically synchronous; modification of Stripe's OAuth class by assigning static methods is unusual. No explicit input validation or sanitization of 'params' is shown. No hardcoded secrets are present, but the code could potentially be used maliciously to intercept or manipulate OAuth tokens if misused.",
  "analysis": "The code redefines Stripe's OAuth token and deauthorize methods with custom async versions that perform API requests directly. It manipulates the Stripe SDK to change OAuth behavior, potentially enabling asynchronous OAuth operations. The code itself does not contain malicious actions such as data exfiltration or system compromise but does modify core SDK behavior, which could be used maliciously if integrated into a malicious application. There are no signs of embedded backdoors, hardcoded credentials, or malicious data leaks in this snippet. The main concern is the override of SDK methods, which could be used to intercept or manipulate OAuth tokens if misused. Overall, the code appears to be an implementation of async OAuth operations, with no direct malicious behavior but with potential for misuse.",
  "conclusion": "The code overrides Stripe's OAuth methods with custom asynchronous functions that perform OAuth token and deauthorization requests. While the code itself does not exhibit malicious intent or malicious behavior, its modification of SDK methods could be exploited in a malicious context. No hardcoded credentials or malicious payloads are present. The overall security risk is low but warrants caution due to the SDK manipulation.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}