{
  "purpose": "The code overrides the OAuth token and deauthorization methods of the Stripe library to use custom asynchronous implementations.",
  "sources": "The code reads API keys and parameters from function arguments, and the parameters passed to OAuth methods.",
  "sinks": "The request method in APIRequestor sends data over the network; the code also sets OAuth client IDs.",
  "flows": "Input API keys and parameters -> invoke request methods -> send data over network to OAuth endpoints",
  "anomalies": "Overrides Stripe's default OAuth methods with custom async functions, which is unusual; no validation of input parameters; no error handling shown.",
  "analysis": "The code imports the Stripe library and defines asynchronous functions to replace the default OAuth token and deauthorize methods. These functions create an APIRequestor with the provided API key and a specific API base. They then perform POST requests to OAuth endpoints with given parameters. The methods are assigned as static methods to stripe.OAuth, replacing existing implementations. There is no input validation, sanitization, or error handling shown. The functions perform network requests with parameters, but the parameters are directly passed from caller inputs. The code itself does not contain any hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic. It appears to modify the standard library's OAuth methods, which could be used maliciously if the caller supplies malicious parameters, but the code itself does not exhibit malicious intent. The use of asynchronous functions and direct method overriding is somewhat unusual but not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code replaces Stripe's OAuth methods with custom asynchronous implementations, which could be used maliciously if misused, but the code itself does not contain malicious or suspicious behavior. It appears to be an override for custom async handling. No signs of malware, hardcoded secrets, or malicious payloads are present.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}