{
  "purpose": "This code customizes the Stripe API OAuth token management by overriding the default token and deauthorize methods with custom asynchronous functions.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to token_patch and deauthorize_patch functions, especially api_key and params",
  "sinks": "Network requests to /oauth/token and /oauth/deauthorize endpoints, and setting client_id via stripe.OAuth._set_client_id",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> Custom request functions -> Network requests to Stripe OAuth endpoints",
  "anomalies": "Use of asynchronous functions for OAuth token management, overriding Stripe SDK methods with static methods, potential reliance on external params for sensitive data",
  "analysis": "The code imports the Stripe library and overrides its OAuth token and deauthorize methods with custom asynchronous functions. These functions initialize an APIRequestor with the provided api_key and a custom api_base. They then make POST requests to Stripe's OAuth endpoints, passing parameters for token or deauthorization. The functions appear to be designed for flexible OAuth handling, potentially to facilitate custom OAuth flows or testing. The use of async functions indicates an intention for non-blocking network calls. The code directly sets static methods on stripe.OAuth, replacing default implementations. There is no indication of data leakage, hardcoded credentials, or malicious network activity within this snippet. The only potential concern is the handling of parameters, which could be exploited if external input is not sanitized, but this is typical in API integrations. Overall, the code aligns with standard OAuth management practices, with no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code customizes Stripe OAuth token management functions with asynchronous network requests and method overrides. No malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage is evident. It appears to be legitimate OAuth handling code, although care should be taken to ensure parameters are properly sanitized externally.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}