{
  "purpose": "The code defines an abstract syntax tree (AST) structure for representing and manipulating query expressions, predicates, spatial and temporal conditions, and logical combinations, primarily for geospatial filtering and query parsing.",
  "sources": "The code imports modules such as 'dataclasses', 'enum', 'typing', and a local module '.values'. No user input, external data, or untrusted sources are explicitly read within this code.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present in this code; it is solely defining data structures and utility functions for representing query components, with no execution or data handling logic that could lead to data leaks or injections.",
  "flows": "The code creates objects representing query nodes, which can be used elsewhere for constructing query strings or execution plans. There are no active data flows or untrusted data propagation within this snippet.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard and well-structured for AST representation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are detected. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns are present. The only minor note is the presence of a 'get_repr' function for debugging, which is harmless.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly defines data classes, enums, and base classes for representing complex query expressions. It does not execute external commands, handle untrusted input, or perform network operations. No dynamic code execution, reflection, or suspicious behavior is evident. The structure appears clean and appropriate for its purpose. The code’s purpose is purely to model query ASTs; thus, no malicious intent is inferred.",
  "conclusion": "Based on thorough analysis, the code is a well-structured module for query representation with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It only defines data models and formatting functions for debugging. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}