{
  "purpose": "This code defines an abstract syntax tree (AST) structure for representing query languages, specifically for spatial, temporal, comparison, and logical conditions used in geospatial filtering.",
  "sources": "The code imports external modules such as 'dataclasses', 'enum', 'typing', and a local module '.values'. There are no external data input points such as network or file reads, nor user input handling. The only dynamic data involved is the 'arguments' attribute of Function nodes and the pattern string in Relate nodes, which are used for constructing query representations.",
  "sinks": "The code generates string templates via 'get_template' methods and a 'get_repr' function that formats nodes and sub-nodes into strings. These templates could be used to generate query strings or debug representations, but there are no evident sinks like system commands, network calls, or database queries directly embedded in this code.",
  "flows": "The flow involves constructing AST nodes representing query components, which are then converted into string representations via 'get_template' or 'get_repr'. These functions recursively process the nodes and their sub-nodes, forming query expressions or debug info. No execution of untrusted data or code occurs within these functions.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code contains comprehensive class definitions and string formatting for query templates. There are no dynamic code execution functions like 'exec' or 'eval'. The pattern string in 'Relate' is user-provided but only included in the query string, not executed. No network, file, or system commands are invoked.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a structured representation for complex geospatial query logic, with multiple classes encapsulating conditions, predicates, and spatial relations. The implementation relies solely on data modeling and string formatting for query assembly. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident. The only potential concern is that string templates could be used maliciously if improperly utilized downstream, but within this code, no such use is shown. The functions and classes are purely for data modeling and visualization.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a well-structured, purely declarative framework for representing spatial and logical query conditions as an AST. There is no evidence of malicious intent, hidden backdoors, or malicious data handling within this code snippet. The primary risk could stem from misuse of the string templates in an unsafe context outside this code, but within the provided code, no malicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}