{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of classes and enums to construct an abstract syntax tree (AST) for a query language (likely CQL). It provides data structures for logical, comparison, spatial, temporal, array, and expression predicates, along with utility functions for representation.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from class initializations, attribute accesses, and method calls within the classes (e.g., get_sub_nodes, get_template). It also imports external modules (dataclasses, enum, typing, and a relative import 'values').",
  "sinks": "Potentially, the get_template() methods produce string representations of nodes, which could be used insecurely if incorporated into code execution or evaluated as code, but by itself, they are just string templates. No actual data is executed or passed to system commands.",
  "flows": "The code constructs an AST from node classes and uses get_template to generate string representations. These strings could be concatenated or formatted into further code or queries but do not directly execute or evaluate input data.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of an AST structure for query representation. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. The presence of detailed docstrings and standard class patterns suggests no obfuscation or hidden malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data classes for various predicate types, logical operators, spatial, temporal, array, and expression constructs, all using standard Python features. No dynamic execution, eval calls, or insecure handling of data are present. The functions mainly generate string templates based on internal attributes. The imports are standard and do not suggest malicious behavior. No code injection or data leakage mechanisms are visible. The get_repr() function formats node representations but does not execute code. Overall, the code appears to be a normal AST modeling library without suspicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "This code serves as a modeling framework for query ASTs with no evidence of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It appears to be a clean, well-structured library for representing query logic in Python, with no indicators of sabotage or malicious code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}