{
  "purpose": "This script formats Python source code using the 'black' code formatter, wrapping and unwrapping code blocks to ensure syntactic validity, and handling command-line inputs and outputs.",
  "sources": "Input reading from sys.stdin, lines from the input file pointer, tokens generated from the first line of code, environment variables (implicitly via os and sys modules), tempfile for temporary file storage.",
  "sinks": "Writing formatted code back to output file pointer, passing temporary file paths to black's main function, raising exceptions, and potential token analysis in _fake_before_lines.",
  "flows": "Input lines -> wrap_lines() (which generates fake code for structure) -> format_lines() (which calls black with temporary file) -> unwrap_lines() -> output lines to sys.stdout.",
  "anomalies": "Use of tempfile for formatting, indirect invocation of black via its main() method with command-line args, no obvious hardcoded secrets, no suspicious network activity, no dynamic code execution, no obfuscated code detected. The token analysis in _fake_before_lines is standard for structural code handling.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily wraps input Python code with synthetic code segments to ensure structural integrity before formatting with black. It manages indentation levels, creates fake control flow lines (like 'if True:'), and ensures syntax correctness for black formatting. The 'black' formatter is invoked via its main() method with arguments constructed programmatically, which is a controlled way to run the formatter. There are no signs of malicious network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The tokenization process is standard for structural code analysis. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious patterns are observed. The code appears to be a legitimate code formatter utility with wrapping logic.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate utility for formatting Python code using 'black' with added logic to wrap and unwrap code blocks for structural integrity. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The use of temporary files and black's main() function is appropriate and safe. Overall, the code appears secure with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}