{
  "purpose": "This script formats Python code by wrapping, unwrapping, and reformatting source files using the Black formatter, with some additional text processing to create syntactically valid code snippets.",
  "sources": "Input is read from sys.stdin; data is processed in memory, with the first line of input serving as the initial code block to be wrapped and reformatted.",
  "sinks": "Output is written to sys.stdout after processing; no untrusted data is directly sent to external systems or network.",
  "flows": "Input from sys.stdin -> wrapped and reformatted in memory -> output to sys.stdout; the process involves reading input lines, wrapping with fake code lines, passing to Black for formatting, then unwrapping and outputting.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The code employs standard libraries and well-known packages like 'black' without unusual dynamic code execution or obfuscation. The functions handle code wrapping, formatting, and unwrapping in a straightforward manner. The only dynamic operation is calling 'black.main()' with arguments, which is standard for formatting code.",
  "analysis": "The code reads input code lines, wraps them with synthetic 'if True' or 'try' blocks to ensure syntactic correctness, then formats the code using 'black'. After formatting, it unwraps the fake lines to produce clean output. No network activity, system modification, or suspicious behavior is evident. The use of 'black' is standard, with proper exception handling. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware within the code. The code is well-structured, with clear separation of concerns, and does not include obfuscated or malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate utility for formatting Python code, adding synthetic context to facilitate formatting, and does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks based on its content. The use of 'black' for formatting is standard practice. Overall, it appears safe and purpose-driven.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}