{
  "purpose": "The code is a Python script that reads source code, wraps it with fake lines, formats it using the 'black' code formatter, and then unwraps and outputs the formatted code. It appears designed for code preprocessing and formatting automation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input lines from a file or stdin via in_fp.readlines() and uses the 'tokenize' module to analyze tokens for indentation and control structures.",
  "sinks": "The code writes output lines to a file or stdout via out_fp.write(). It invokes 'black.main' to format code, which internally may involve executing subprocesses or modifying files, but does not explicitly execute untrusted code or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Input data (source code) flows from in_fp.readlines() through wrap_lines() and format_lines() (which calls 'black'), then through unwrap_lines(), finally to out_fp.write(). Tokenization is used internally to analyze syntax for fake line generation.",
  "anomalies": "The code constructs fake control flow lines to wrap code blocks, which may be unusual but is not inherently malicious. There are no hardcoded credentials, network operations, or system commands that could be malicious. Use of 'black' is standard for formatting. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are present. No suspicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or code injection is evident.",
  "analysis": "The script processes source code by adding synthetic control flow lines to ensure syntactic completeness before formatting with 'black'. It manipulates blank lines and indentation levels to create fake control structures where needed, then removes these wrappers after formatting. Tokenization is used to identify control structure keywords to generate appropriate fake lines. The primary activity is code formatting automation with no apparent intent of malicious activity. The 'black' formatter is invoked in a controlled manner, and no external network or file operations beyond formatting are performed. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. The code functions as a code beautifier or formatter with additional pre- and post-processing steps.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate code formatting utility that prepares source code for formatting, applies 'black', and restores the original structure. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. Its purpose is to ensure consistent code style, and it operates within expected parameters without security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}