{
  "purpose": "Dependency checking for Python modules, verifying availability and version compliance.",
  "sources": "importlib.import_module for dynamic import, version(self.package_name) for version retrieval.",
  "sinks": "Exceptions raised when dependencies are missing or outdated, which could potentially leak information if error messages are exposed.",
  "flows": "Source: importlib.import_module or version parsing; Sink: exception handling and error messages.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic import based on dependency names, which could be risky if dependency names are untrusted; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs dependency checks by dynamically importing modules and comparing their versions to required minimums. It raises exceptions with helpful hints if dependencies are missing or outdated. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. The main concern is the use of dynamic import, which could be exploited if dependency names are supplied from untrusted sources; however, in this code, dependency names are controlled or predefined. The version parsing and comparison are straightforward. No network activity or data exfiltration occurs. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious intent. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), reflecting the minimal risk associated with dynamic import in a controlled environment. Overall, the code is a standard dependency checker with no signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation, and the scores are justified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, standard dependency verification utility with no malicious intent or obfuscation. The minor potential risk from dynamic import is controlled and acknowledged. The malware score remains 0, obfuscated score 0, and the security risk score is very low (~0.1). No changes are necessary; the current scores and assessment are appropriate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}