{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface for the AWS Shield service in boto3, providing method signatures and documentation links for interacting with AWS Shield resources.",
  "sources": "The code reads class definitions, method signatures, and import statements. Data inputs occur through method parameters such as **kwargs and specific request type definitions. No explicit external input parsing is present.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or security impact could occur if untrusted data is passed into methods that may execute network requests or handle sensitive information, but the code itself does not show direct data processing or output. No explicit sinks executing untrusted code are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method parameters (kwargs) into the API calls, but the code is primarily interface definitions and does not include actual implementation or data processing logic.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard stub/interface for AWS SDK, with no suspicious code, backdoors, or hardcoded secrets. No obfuscation, unusual language features, or dynamic code execution are detected. The extensive use of type annotations and documentation links is typical for stubs.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured interface for the boto3 Shield client, with method signatures, type annotations, and documentation references. It imports standard libraries and conditionally imports based on Python version for typing enhancements. The 'Exceptions' class maps AWS error types to their respective error classes, and 'ShieldClient' extends 'BaseClient' with methods representing API operations. There is no runtime code, no data processing, and no network or file operations. The code is purely declarative, serving as type annotations and documentation for the client interface.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured set of type annotations and interface definitions for the AWS Shield boto3 client. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. It is intended as a static typing stub for safer development and code completion. No security risks or malware indications are present.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 1
}