{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface for AWS Shield service, used for managing DDoS protection resources.",
  "sources": "Imports from sys, typing, botocore, and local modules; class definitions and method signatures defining AWS Shield client operations.",
  "sinks": "Methods that perform actions or retrieve data from AWS services, such as associate_drt_log_bucket, create_protection, delete_protection, describe_attack, list_attacks, etc., which involve handling parameters and returning responses.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method input parameters (kwargs or specific arguments) to AWS API calls; responses are returned as dictionaries or specific types. No direct code execution, network calls, or untrusted data handling is shown explicitly in the code snippet.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious URLs, or obfuscated code present. The code is predominantly type definitions, method signatures, and property declarations. No unusual or suspicious logic, backdoors, or malicious constructs are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of a class defining an interface to AWS Shield with method signatures and type annotations. It imports standard libraries, type definitions, and AWS SDK components. No executable or runtime code logic is present that could be malicious. The class methods are mostly placeholders with documentation links, indicating they are wrappers or interface definitions rather than functional implementations. The structure and content align with a type stub or API client interface, not executable malicious code. No anomalies, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are identified.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a type-annotated interface for AWS Shield client operations, primarily used for static type checking or IDE assistance. It contains no executable or malicious code. The absence of runtime logic, suspicious URLs, or hidden behavior suggests it is safe and intended solely for typing and documentation purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}