{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to read a Python file, encrypt its contents (excluding import statements), and generate a new script that decrypts and executes the original code at runtime.",
  "sources": "Reads input Python file content via open(input_path, 'r') and content within encrypt_code(). No untrusted external input sources detected.",
  "sinks": "Writes output encrypted or original code to output file. Uses exec() to run decrypted code at runtime.",
  "flows": "Reads file content -> encrypts/decrypts code -> generates new Python script with embedded encrypted code -> at runtime, decrypts and executes code via exec().",
  "anomalies": "Uses runtime decryption with exec(), which can obscure malicious payloads. The encryption and decryption process itself is benign; however, decrypting and executing code dynamically can be misused to conceal malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs code obfuscation by encrypting code segments (excluding import statements) and then dynamically decrypting and executing them at runtime. It leverages the 'notoken887.encryptor.TokenCryptor' class for encryption/decryption. The process involves reading input files, transforming content, and generating scripts that execute decrypted code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity is present. The use of exec() to run decrypted code can be exploited to hide malicious payloads, but this behavior is not inherently malicious. No external network calls, file manipulations outside the scope, or credential theft are observed. The code appears to be a generic obfuscator/deobfuscator utility.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a code obfuscation tool that encrypts Python scripts and executes them dynamically at runtime. While its purpose is benign, its use of runtime decryption and exec() could be exploited maliciously if used to hide harmful code. There are no explicit malicious actions or suspicious behaviors embedded within the provided code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}