{
  "purpose": "The code provides a command-line utility to encrypt or decrypt Python code files using the TokenCryptor class from the notoken887.encryptor module. Its main function is to obfuscate code for security or confidentiality purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input files specified by the user via command-line arguments, specifically reading entire file contents for processing.",
  "sinks": "The code writes output files based on the processing mode. It also executes decrypted code via exec within a dynamically created function.",
  "flows": "Source: Reading input file -> encrypt_code() processing (possibly encrypting each line) -> outputting encrypted code as a string -> passing encrypted string to decrypt() method -> executing decrypted code via exec.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec to run decrypted code introduces potential security risk. The decryption process is hidden inside a string, which could be exploited if the decrypt method is malicious or compromised. The code dynamically decrypts and executes code, which could be used to hide malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The script is designed to encrypt Python code lines, embedding the encrypted code in a new script that decrypts and executes it at runtime. The core operation involves reading a file, encrypting lines except import statements, and wrapping the result in a decryption and exec call. The process allows hiding the original code, which may be suspicious if the decrypt method or the encrypted payload is malicious. The use of exec on decrypted code is a significant concern, as it can execute arbitrary code, especially if the decryption function is compromised. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets or obvious malicious logic but employs obfuscation techniques that can be used maliciously. No network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors are directly visible. The pattern of decrypting and executing code at runtime is often used in malicious obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "While the code itself does not exhibit overt malicious behavior or supply chain attacks, its design to encrypt, decrypt, and execute code dynamically raises suspicion. It could be used legitimately for code obfuscation but also for malicious purposes such as hiding harmful code. The use of exec on decrypted code is a security risk if the decrypt function or encrypted payload is malicious. Overall, moderate concern due to obfuscation and dynamic execution, with potential for malicious use if misused.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "report_number": 1
}