{
  "purpose": "The code reads a Python file, encrypts or decrypts its content using TokenCryptor, and wraps the encrypted code in a script that decrypts and executes it at runtime via exec().",
  "sources": "File input read with open(input_path, 'r') as infile; encrypted code generated in encrypt_code(); decryption via cryptor.decrypt() in runtime script.",
  "sinks": "exec(decrypted_string, globals()) which executes decrypted code at runtime.",
  "flows": "Source: file read -> encryption/decryption -> runtime decryption -> exec() on decrypted code.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exec() on decrypted code, which can execute arbitrary code; no hardcoded secrets or network activity; encryption pattern suggests obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The script reads a Python file, encrypts lines (excluding import statements), and wraps the encrypted code in a runtime decrypt-and-execute pattern. The use of exec() on decrypted code introduces security risks, as it can run malicious payloads if the encrypted content is compromised. The code employs straightforward obfuscation via encryption, but no malicious activity or backdoors are evident. The pattern of runtime decryption and execution is common in obfuscation but also exploited maliciously. The malware score is low (around 0.2-0.3), reflecting the potential risk but absence of evidence of malicious payloads. The obfuscation score is moderate (~0.6), considering the encryption pattern. The overall security risk score is moderate (~0.6), due to the danger inherent in dynamic code execution. The confidence in these conclusions is high (around 0.8), given the code's behavior and the pattern's known risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code pattern involves runtime decryption and execution of code, which is inherently risky and can be exploited maliciously, though no malicious payloads are present in the snippet. The use of exec() on decrypted code warrants caution. The scores should reflect moderate obfuscation and security risk, with a low to moderate malware likelihood. Overall, the pattern is suspicious but not definitively malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}