{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to encrypt or decrypt Python source files using the TokenCryptor class from the notoken887.encryptor module, wrapping the encrypted code in a decrypt-and-execute structure.",
  "sources": "Reading input file with open(input_path, 'r') as infile; reading entire file content into 'content'.",
  "sinks": "Writing output file with open(output_path, 'w') as outfile; executing decrypted code with exec(decrypted_string).",
  "flows": "Input file is read into 'content' -> if encrypt mode, content is encrypted and wrapped in decryption/execution structure -> output written to output file -> during execution, 'exec' runs decrypted code.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically decrypts and executes code at runtime, which can be used to hide malicious payloads. The use of 'exec' on decrypted code can be risky. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily functions as a wrapper for encrypting and decrypting Python code. It reads input files, processes them with TokenCryptor, and outputs modified files that decrypt and execute code at runtime. The process itself is benign but inherently risky because executing decrypted code dynamically can facilitate malicious payloads if the input is malicious or if the TokenCryptor is maliciously designed. There are no signs of embedded backdoors, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious network activity. The code structure is straightforward, and the use of 'exec' is a potential security concern but not malicious per se. It relies on external module 'notoken887.encryptor', which could be malicious if intentionally designed for nefarious purposes, but no evidence of that is present in this snippet.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an encryption/decryption wrapper around Python scripts, enabling runtime decryption and execution. While not inherently malicious, the pattern of decrypting and executing code dynamically is often associated with obfuscation and malicious hiding techniques. No explicit malicious behaviors or backdoors are detected in this code fragment, but the use of 'exec' with decrypted content warrants caution.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 3
}