{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for string manipulation, HTML sanitization, URL-safe transformations, and text formatting. It is intended for safe text processing in web applications.",
  "sources": "Reads input from function parameters, HTML content via strip_tags, and external libraries (unidecode).",
  "sinks": "Outputs from functions such as literal() and return statements; no dangerous sinks identified. No untrusted data is written to files, network, or system commands.",
  "flows": "Input strings flow through regex-based replacements, string slicing, and formatting functions. No flow leads to network or system calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. No use of eval, exec, or dynamic code execution. External libraries are used for URL encoding and transliteration, which are standard and safe in this context. The functions are standard text utilities.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions for text processing, HTML tag stripping, entity conversions, URL-friendly string creation, and string formatting. It employs regex replacements for entity conversion and whitespace collapsing, and straightforward string slicing and concatenation. External dependencies like unidecode and webhelpers2.html are used for transliteration and HTML handling, respectively. All operations are typical for text sanitization and formatting. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as code injection, data exfiltration, or network activity. The only external network-related function is url_escape, which is used for URL encoding, a standard practice. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of safe, utility functions for string and HTML processing with no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. It primarily performs regex replacements, string truncations, and formatting, all of which are typical for this kind of library.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}