{
  "purpose": "Provides a class to manage and interact with a single worksheet in a Google Spreadsheet, including operations like reading, updating, formatting, merging, and managing cells, ranges, and properties.",
  "sources": "Reads from imported modules, method parameters (e.g., range names, cell labels, IDs), and API responses via the client.",
  "sinks": "API calls via self.client methods such as batch_update, values_get, values_update, etc., which send data and commands to Google Sheets API.",
  "flows": "User inputs (ranges, labels, data) flow into methods, which process and format these inputs before calling API methods (sinks). API responses are used to instantiate objects, update internal state, or return data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns. No use of dynamic code execution or obfuscated logic. All external calls are to well-documented Google Sheets API endpoints. No data leakage or privacy violations detected.",
  "analysis": "The code offers a comprehensive set of functions for managing a Google Sheet worksheet, with standard API interaction patterns. No code appears to perform unauthorized data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden malicious activities. The module uses API calls to manipulate spreadsheet data, cell formatting, and properties in a manner consistent with legitimate use. There are no signs of hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The only potential concern could be if the API client was compromised, but such risk is outside the scope of this code fragment. The logic is structured and documented, following standard practices for Google Sheets API integrations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, feature-complete implementation of worksheet management functions with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It mainly interfaces with Google Sheets API to perform user-requested operations. No security threats or malware signals identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}