{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and functions for handling language codes and conversions according to ISO standards, including loading language data from a resource file.",
  "sources": "The code reads from a resource stream 'data/iso-639-3.tab' via resource_stream, which loads language data from a packaged data file.",
  "sinks": "The code uses __getattr__ to dynamically invoke converters for language attributes, which could potentially be exploited if the converter mappings are manipulated. No other sinks appear to handle untrusted input directly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the resource stream loading language data into the LANGUAGES set and LANGUAGE_MATRIX list. The fromcode and fromietf class methods convert external codes into Language objects via converter lookups. The __getattr__ method dynamically calls converters based on attribute names.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials. Usage of resource_stream appears standard for package data access. No obfuscated code or malicious patterns identified. No network activity or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code loads ISO language data from a package resource file into internal data structures, then defines classes for representing and converting language codes. The dynamic attribute access (__getattr__) resolves to converter methods, which could be a potential attack surface if converters are malicious, but this depends on external converter implementations. No network calls, system modifications, or suspicious behavior detected. The code appears to perform legitimate data handling and object modeling based on standards.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate language data handler with dynamic conversion capabilities. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The use of resource streams and dynamic attributes is standard and controlled through external converter modules, which are not included here. No malicious intent is evident based on this fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}