{
  "purpose": "This code manages MySQL database connections, including connection creation, retries, URL parsing, version parsing, and Alembic configuration, primarily for use in the Dagster data orchestration framework.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include connection strings from configuration objects, environment variables via URL parsing, and function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Data flows to database connection objects, retry mechanisms, and configuration functions; no direct untrusted data sink appears to lead to data exfiltration or code execution.",
  "flows": "Input (connection parameters) flows through URL parsing to connection creation functions; retries handle transient errors; connection objects are returned and used within context managers.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, such as obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious dynamic code execution, are present. Usage of standard libraries and safe practices are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard, well-understood libraries for database connections, retries, and configuration management. It includes retry logic for handling transient errors, which is typical. The functions for parsing URLs and versions are straightforward. No code injection, malicious network activity, or backdoors are evident. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. All operations are consistent with expected database connection management, with proper error handling and retries. The use of 'cast' is safe and standard in Python typing contexts. The code appears to be a typical database utility module with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical database connection management module without any signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles retries and connection parsing securely and transparently. No evidence of malware, backdoors, or security breaches was found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}