{
  "purpose": "Serialization utilities for YAML with custom numpy support and pickle-based object attribute serialization, primarily for data storage and retrieval.",
  "sources": "File I/O operations, loading and dumping YAML files, reading numpy array files, pickle dump/load for object attributes.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted pickle files during load, which can execute arbitrary code; filenames manipulated externally; data read from files.",
  "flows": "Data is serialized with pickle or YAML, stored in files, and later deserialized, potentially executing malicious code if pickle files are untrusted.",
  "anomalies": "Use of pickle for deserialization without validation; numpy array files named with UUIDs that could be manipulated; no validation or sandboxing for pickle loads.",
  "analysis": "The code provides serialization methods with YAML and pickle. YAML serialization appears safe and straightforward. The primary security concern is the use of pickle for serializing object attributes, which can execute arbitrary code during untrusted loads. The code does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation. The filenames generated for numpy arrays are standard UUIDs, but if filenames are externally influenced, this could pose a risk. Overall, the code is standard serialization utility code with inherent pickle risks. The risk of malicious activity depends on whether untrusted pickle files are loaded; if so, this can lead to remote code execution. No evidence of malicious intent or malware signatures is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign in its structure but carries inherent security risks due to pickle deserialization of untrusted data. No malicious code or obfuscation is detected. The primary concern is the potential execution of arbitrary code during untrusted pickle loads. The overall security risk score should reflect this, with a moderate to high value (around 0.5), acknowledging the known dangers of pickle. Malware score remains 0, and obfuscation is absent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}