{
  "purpose": "This code defines a CKAN plugin class for the DataGov theme, adding templates, public assets, and facets configurations, and importing external helper functions.",
  "sources": "Imports from ckan.plugins, sqlalchemy.util, and internal module 'blueprint'. Data imported within the method WnEeJOXeNiuNrDMrVoQhqVwNopdVqjAV from a helper module in ckanext.datagovtheme.",
  "sinks": "The code mostly interacts with CKAN plugin interfaces and helper functions; no direct sinks for untrusted data are evident.",
  "flows": "Configuration and facet customization flow from the plugin class methods, calling helper functions and returning data structures. No evident data flow from external untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "Use of highly obfuscated method names and variable names, which is unusual for typical code. The method WnEeJOXeNiuNrDMrVoQhqVwNopdVqjAV imports numerous helper functions and constructs a large dictionary, which might be considered complex but not necessarily malicious. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible. The overall structure appears consistent with a plugin setup.",
  "analysis": "The code is a CKAN plugin implementation that integrates various facets, templates, and helper functions. The obfuscated method and variable names suggest an effort to obscure intent, which could be suspicious. However, the code's logic is limited to plugin configuration, helper imports, and return of data structures. There are no network connections, data exfiltration, command execution, or manipulation of system files. The imported helper module is from a trusted extension (ckanext.datagovtheme), and no direct user input handling or dangerous functions are used.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a complex but benign CKAN plugin setup with obfuscated naming. No clear malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage detected. The obfuscation raises some suspicion but may be a result of code style or minification. Overall, no malicious intent or security risks are evident from the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}