{
  "purpose": "The code defines a CKAN plugin for a datagovtheme, adding templates, public resources, and configuring facets and helper functions for datasets.",
  "sources": "Reads input from package_type, organization_type, package_type, and organization_type parameters; imports from ckanext.datagovtheme; accesses group_dict['id']; imports modules and helpers.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks such as network, file system, or execution functions are evident. No untrusted data is used in sensitive operations like system commands or network calls.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to determine return values for facet configuration functions; data flows from parameters through conditional logic to returned OrderedDicts; helper functions are imported and used for configuration, with no untrusted data processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated class and method names, which appear intentionally obscure but do not themselves indicate malicious intent; no hardcoded credentials or secret tokens are present; complex import statements could be used to hide malicious code, but here they seem to import legitimate helper functions. The large, nested helper configuration object may be a red flag for obfuscation, but it appears to be just a configuration dictionary.",
  "analysis": "The code is a CKAN plugin implementing multiple interface methods for theme customization and facet configuration. The plugin adds template and resource directories and defines functions to customize facet display based on package and organization types. It imports helper functions from a specific module within ckanext.datagovtheme, which are used to build a large configuration dictionary. The obfuscated naming convention is suspicious but may be an artifact of code generation or minification. There are no evident malicious behaviors such as network communications, data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection. The code primarily handles configuration and interface implementation with no direct security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate CKAN plugin for a datagov theme, focusing on UI configuration and dataset facet customization. No malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks are evident. The obfuscation of class and method names is suspicious but seems benign in context. Overall, the code is safe based on available content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}