{
  "purpose": "This code defines a CKAN plugin for a datagov theme, adding templates, public directories, and various facet configurations, along with importing helper functions.",
  "sources": "Imports from ckan.plugins, ckanext.datagovtheme, and package configuration variables such as group_dict['id']. No direct input sources like user input or external data are present.",
  "sinks": "Uses of imported helper functions and configuration variables are for data processing within the plugin; no untrusted data is written to files, network, or system in an insecure manner.",
  "flows": "The code primarily reads configuration and helper functions, then returns modified dictionaries for facets or configuration data. No external data flows or untrusted data to sensitive sinks are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code or unusual code constructs are used. The code appears straightforward, implementing a plugin interface.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a CKAN plugin with methods for setting up template directories, adding resource files, and configuring facets based on package or organization types. It imports helper functions from another module, which could contain further logic but are not visible here. The code reads configuration data, such as 'group_dict['id']', and constructs dictionaries for facet configurations. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. The only external dependencies are standard plugin methods and helper functions which seem legitimate.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard CKAN plugin implementation aimed at customizing facet filters and template setup for a datagov theme. There are no signs of malicious behavior or security risks within this module. The code is well-structured, with no obfuscated or suspicious parts. Based on the visible code, the malware score is low, and the security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}