{
  "purpose": "The script provides command-line utilities for manipulating and analyzing FASTA files, such as extracting sequences, showing info, splitting files, and flattening files inplace.",
  "sources": "The code reads command-line arguments (sys.argv), input FASTA files, and environment via imported modules.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data processing are present; outputs are primarily printed info and processed files.",
  "flows": "Input arguments -> function dispatch -> file processing (reading FASTA files) -> output (print statements, file modifications).",
  "anomalies": "The function names are obfuscated (e.g., MOVIREoSjDcgXxBnAakGKXjsFiptnveX), which is suspicious. No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No malicious code like network connections, reverse shells, or data exfiltration observed. The code mostly performs file analysis and modification.",
  "analysis": "The script defines multiple functions with obfuscated names, which handle different command-line actions for FASTA file operations. It imports modules, processes arguments, and performs standard bioinformatics tasks such as sequence length calculation, GC content, and in-place file flattening. No dynamic code execution, no network operations, and no suspicious behavior identified. The obfuscation could be an attempt to hide malicious intent, but based on the provided code, all operations are related to file processing. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The overall behavior appears to be legitimate bioinformatics utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily designed for manipulating FASTA files and contains obfuscated function names, which is suspicious. However, there is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication, or system sabotage. The functions perform standard file analysis and modification tasks. Given the obfuscation and no external malicious actions, I assign a low likelihood of malware, but the obfuscation warrants caution.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}