{
  "purpose": "This script provides command-line utilities for processing FASTA files, including extracting sequences, showing info, splitting, flattening, and analyzing GC content.",
  "sources": "User inputs via command-line arguments, file paths passed as arguments to functions, and imported modules.",
  "sinks": "Reading files from disk; printing output to stdout.",
  "flows": "Command-line arguments determine function calls; functions read FASTA files; data is processed and then printed.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated function and variable names, which is unusual. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activities are apparent. The functions perform legitimate bioinformatics operations. The 'MZHtbhXTEnyKZuwrWkpqrWeSrXnxeOVq' function hints at in-place file modification, but no malicious actions are evident. The code does not include any network activity, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The script is primarily a command-line interface for FASTA file processing, with functions for extracting info, splitting, flattening, and analyzing GC content. It uses standard file I/O and data processing methods. The obfuscated function names suggest an attempt to obscure intent, but their operations are standard bioinformatics tasks. There are no signs of malicious code such as network communication, credential theft, or system damage. The use of in-place file modification could be potentially risky if misused, but it is a common feature in bioinformatics workflows. Overall, the code appears to serve legitimate purposes without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate bioinformatics utility with obfuscated naming. No malicious behavior or security risks are detected. The obfuscation does not indicate malicious intent but may hinder readability. It is safe to use, assuming the external libraries ('fasta', 'records', etc.) are reputable.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}