{
  "purpose": "Obfuscated class designed to forward event data via a session object, likely for logging or event reporting.",
  "sources": "Input parameters 'event_name' and 'event_data'; the session object method 'qUpYGYRxHFoRwfxaAglvJjsQxPpbwTZf'.",
  "sinks": "The session method could potentially transmit data externally if implemented maliciously, but not explicitly shown.",
  "flows": "Event data from method parameters flows into the session method call, which may send or process data.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation of class name, method name, and imported module; no descriptive identifiers; potential concealment of malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an obfuscated class that forwards event data through a session object method. No hardcoded credentials, malicious payloads, or system modifications are visible. The obfuscation suggests an attempt to conceal purpose, which warrants caution. The session method's implementation is unknown; thus, potential data exfiltration cannot be confirmed. The code is syntactically correct and appears to serve as an event publisher. Given the obfuscation, suspicion is justified, but no direct malicious activity is evident. Malware scores are low (around 0.2), reflecting the lack of concrete malicious indicators. Security risk scores are moderate (~0.4), considering potential misuse due to obfuscation. The overall assessment is that this code is an obfuscated event logger with no explicit malicious behavior, but further investigation of the session method and network activity is recommended.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily an obfuscated event publisher with no direct evidence of malicious activity. The high obfuscation raises suspicion, but without additional context or dynamic analysis, malicious intent cannot be confirmed. The scores assigned are appropriate, with low malware likelihood, high obfuscation, and moderate security risk. Continued monitoring and further analysis of the session method are advised.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}