{
  "purpose": "The code implements a graphical user interface component for managing and displaying tabular data, including features like sorting, filtering, pagination, and column visibility controls.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from internal data structures (_model._data), user interactions through UI elements (searchInput, pageSpinBox, buttons), and external modules/classes imported at the beginning.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with the Qt framework to update the UI and delegate data display. No external untrusted data sinks or network operations are present.",
  "flows": "User inputs (search text, page changes, column toggles) influence internal model state and visual presentation, primarily through method calls like _applySearch, setPage, setVisibleColumns, which update the proxy model and view.",
  "anomalies": "There are no evident hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The code does include standard UI logic; no suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual constructs are present. Importantly, the code primarily manages UI interactions and data display without evident malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Qt-based UI component for tabular data management, with features like sorting, filtering, and pagination. It uses signals and slots for event handling and delegates for custom cell rendering. No malicious code, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors, is detected. The logic appears consistent with a typical data table widget implementation. The use of relative imports and UI control functions is standard for such applications. Overall, the code does not contain malware or malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured implementation of a data table interface with typical features. No suspicious or malicious behavior is identified. It is a standard component with no evidence of supply chain attacks or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}