{
  "purpose": "This code implements a GUI data table component with functionalities similar to jQuery DataTables, including pagination, sorting, filtering, and column visibility controls, intended for use within a PySide6 (Qt for Python) application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via setData method, reads user interactions such as clicks, text input, and selection via connected signals, and reads model state information from the DataTableModel.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage could occur if search terms or selected data are exposed or transmitted insecurely outside the application; however, no explicit network or external data transmission code is present. No dangerous sinks such as system commands or network connections are invoked. User input is only used to filter data locally within the model.",
  "flows": "User inputs (search, pagination, column toggles) are processed via signals connected to internal methods that update the model and UI, with no evident external data flows or untrusted data leaving the system. Sorting and filtering are performed within the application, with no external side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. All functions and method calls appear standard for GUI table handling. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution constructs are present. The comments and code structure are clear. The code lacks any suspicious network activity or system modification commands.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a comprehensive GUI table component, utilizing standard PySide6 widgets and models. It handles user interactions for sorting, filtering, pagination, and column visibility, with signals emitted for integration into larger applications. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as network access, data exfiltration, or system compromise mechanisms. All data manipulation occurs locally, and no external dependencies or unsafe code patterns are identified. The code appears well-structured, with no obfuscation or suspicious constructs. It mainly facilitates user interaction with data in a secure, typical manner for a GUI application.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard GUI data table implementation for a PySide6 application, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles data display and user interactions securely without external data leaks or malicious side effects. The code is trustworthy based on the provided snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}