{
  "purpose": "The code primarily provides utility functions for handling image paths, generating URLs, finding images, extracting model slugs, roles, and exporting topology data to XML format for visualization, likely in a network management context.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data from django.conf.settings, request.GET parameters, filesystem for images, and external URLs for images and static files.",
  "sinks": "Uses the django 'static' function for URL generation, reads image files directly from the filesystem, and generates XML data output.",
  "flows": "Input data from request.GET and configuration files flow into decision logic for image paths, model slug/role generation, and XML export. Filesystem reads occur during image encoding for XML nodes.",
  "anomalies": "Uses deprecated string removal functions (removeprefix) based on Python version. Reads image files directly in export_data_to_xml without sanitization, which could be risky if filenames are manipulated externally. No obvious hardcoded secrets or credentials. No network connections or reverse shells are present. The code reads local files and generates XML without user input sanitization, but no injection vulnerabilities are directly evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily utility functions and an XML export routine. It does not execute untrusted code or run commands. It reads configuration, request parameters, and filesystem data. There is no evidence of code injection, reverse shells, or data exfiltration. The filesystem reads are constrained to local image files, and no command execution or network connections are directly performed based on untrusted input. The use of 'static' for URL building is standard, and the filesystem reading for images appears limited to static assets. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. Some version-dependent string handling (removeprefix) is present but not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be standard application logic with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code performs utility and data export functions typical in web applications, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles local files and generates XML for visualization without executing untrusted code or establishing network connections. No malicious signals or supply chain threats are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}