{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for handling images, generating model roles, retrieving query settings, defining line patterns, and exporting network topology data to XML format, primarily for visualization and configuration within a Django application.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include request.GET parameters, data dictionary in export_data_to_xml, and file contents read from static image files.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include file reading operations (base64 encoding image files), string concatenation for generating XML, and returning static URLs. The file read operations could lead to data leakage if image files contain sensitive information, but this appears unlikely and intended.",
  "flows": "Data flows from request.GET parameters or data inputs into internal variables and logic, culminating in file reads (for images) or XML generation. No untrusted external network input is evident, and data is mostly used for generating static URLs or XML content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspiciously obfuscated code are present. The code handles version compatibility with sys.version_info, which is standard. The use of dynamic string formatting and file I/O appears routine. No malicious behavior such as network connections, data exfiltration, or code injection is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is straightforward, handling image file discovery, URL manipulation, and XML document creation for visualization purposes. Functions like get_image_from_url and find_image_in_dir involve filesystem access but no malicious intent. The export_data_to_xml function reads image files from static directories, encodes images in base64, and constructs XML, all of which are standard operations for export features. There are no signs of obfuscated code, external network calls, or hidden behaviors. The code relies on Django settings and standard libraries only, with no evidence of malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard utility module for managing images, generating model info, handling query parameters, and exporting topology data to XML. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code appears safe and well-structured for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}