{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client interface for interacting with the TatrapayPlus API, handling authentication, payment processing, and related operations.",
  "sources": "Reads include environment configurations, API responses (via handle_response), reading a public key file, and user-provided data in requests.",
  "sinks": "Sensitive data such as access tokens, payment details, and cryptographic operations like public key encryption and API responses. Potential data leaks occur through logging and response handling.",
  "flows": "Sensitive data flows from data inputs (user requests, API responses) through encryption, request preparation, and API calls, with some cryptographic operations and response parsing.",
  "anomalies": "The generate_signed_card_id_from_cid method reads a public key from a file and encrypts a card ID, which is standard cryptography. No hardcoded secrets are evident. The logging of responses could potentially leak sensitive info if not sanitized, but no explicit sensitive data is logged. The use of print statements for error reporting in encryption is not typical for production security and could leak info if captured.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical API client for payment processing, including token management, request signing, and payment operations. The cryptography usage appears standard, with proper RSA encryption and Base64 encoding. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible, and environment variables are not directly accessed. The logging function could be a concern if logs are improperly stored, but this is a standard feature. No malicious backdoors, data exfiltration, or suspicious network behaviors are evident. The public key encryption function is standard, and the code's structure suggests legitimate use. However, the presence of print statements for error handling instead of secure logging is a minor concern, but not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate client library for interacting with the TatrapayPlus API with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It correctly handles cryptography, request management, and error handling, with no indications of backdoors or malicious data exfiltration. The only minor concern is error printing, which could be improved, but does not constitute malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}