{
  "purpose": "The script provides enhanced IPython integration with Maya, including tab completion, color schemes, and command hooks for a better workflow within Maya's scripting environment.",
  "sources": "User input comes from IPython event objects (e.g., event.symbol, event.text_until_cursor), options parsing, and environment variables such as optionVar (for recent files and projects). External modules like maya.api.OpenMaya and IPython provide runtime data.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could reach evaluation functions (eval), especially in functions like pymel_name_completer, which evaluate expressions to complete node attributes. Also, shell commands or IPython 'ex' executions may execute dynamically built code. However, these are controlled by the user or environment, not directly from untrusted external sources.",
  "flows": "Sources such as user input (event objects, options parsing) are processed and often evaluated or used to generate completions, possibly involving eval() for expressions. For example, pymel_name_completer evaluates expressions to retrieve object attributes, then constructs completion strings. Data flows into the evaluation or command execution pathways.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains minimal anomalies; it mainly configures IPython hooks and Maya interactions. It avoids importing pymel at startup, delaying its import until needed, which is standard for safety. The eval() calls are potential points of concern but are used within a controlled context with expression parsing.",
  "analysis": "The code enhances IPython with custom completers and command hooks for Maya nodes and attributes, managing environment-specific behaviors. It uses eval() for attribute and node expression evaluation, which can be risky if expressions originate from untrusted sources; however, in this context, inputs are from the user interacting with the environment, not external untrusted sources. The code modifies signal handlers to prevent Maya's SIGINT from terminating the session, which could be abused if misused, but appears intended for workflow stability. No network activity, file system sabotage, or system damage code is present. The import and dynamic code execution pathways are carefully controlled and specific to user commands.",
  "conclusion": "The script is primarily a complex setup for enhanced Maya-IPython interaction, including custom tab completion and command hooks. There are eval() calls used for expression evaluation, which could be a concern if misused, but in this controlled environment, they serve legitimate purposes. No malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms are evident. The code appears safe and consistent with its purpose, with a low malware score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}