{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for string manipulation, validation, and formatting, including email validation, type conversions, IBAN validation, IP address validation, and byte size formatting.",
  "sources": "Data read from package resource files (e.g., 'data/iban.csv') using mpu.io.read.",
  "sinks": "No sinks involving untrusted input processing leading to security vulnerabilities are present; the functions mainly perform validations and conversions without executing or storing untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input strings from function parameters are processed through validation functions; no untrusted data flows into system commands, network operations, or storage that could cause harm.",
  "anomalies": "Use of pkg_resources to load a CSV file ('iban.csv') for IBAN validation; the code performs data validation based on external data but does not include suspicious or malicious code patterns. No hard-coded credentials or backdoors are evident. No obfuscation or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements validation functions for email, integers, floats, IBANs, IP addresses, and string-to-None or Boolean conversions. It relies on external resource files for IBAN validation, which is standard for such checks. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior was detected. The use of pkg_resources to load external data is typical for validation purposes. The functions are well-structured, perform input validation, and do not execute untrusted code or perform network operations. The only external data access occurs during IBAN validation, which is a legitimate check. No suspicious or malicious patterns, such as code injection, backdoors, or system compromise attempts, are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of validation and formatting utilities with no malicious intent or security threats. It performs input validation and formatting tasks safely, with standard use of external resources for data validation. There is no evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}