{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for string validation, conversion, and formatting, including email validation, number checks, IBAN validation, IP address validation, and byte size formatting.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to functions (e.g., potential_email_address, potential_int, potential_float, potential_ipv4, potential_iban, string_); external resource file 'iban.csv' for IBAN validation.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sinks or data leaks; functions process input data locally; external resource 'iban.csv' used for validation but not for executing code or network activity.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are validated or converted within functions; 'iban.csv' is read for IBAN validation; no data flows to external systems or network.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies detected; no obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious data flows; external resource dependency is standard for validation data.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises standard validation and formatting functions with straightforward logic. It reads an external CSV resource for IBAN validation, which is typical. No network activity, code injection, or malicious patterns are present. The functions handle untrusted input safely, and no obfuscation or backdoors are detected. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious behavior. The security risk score is very low (~0.1), primarily due to reliance on external data, which is common in validation routines. All reports correctly identify the benign nature of the code, and the scores assigned are appropriate. No logical flaws or suspicious activity are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured utility library for string validation and formatting. It contains no malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms. The use of external resource files for IBAN validation is standard practice. The security risk is minimal, primarily due to external data dependencies, which are typical for such validation functions. Therefore, the malware score remains at 0, obfuscated score at 0, and the overall security risk score at approximately 0.1. The code is safe for supply chain inclusion and poses no security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}