{
  "purpose": "This code implements a customizable data table model for a PySide6 Qt application, including features like sorting, filtering, formatting, row collapsing, and data aggregation.",
  "sources": "Input data is set via setData() method; configuration of columns, formatting, search, and sort functions through various setter methods; data retrieval occurs in data() and related methods.",
  "sinks": "No clear sinks for untrusted data that could lead to security issues are present. No network operations, file writes, or code execution based on untrusted input are observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the internal _data list, set through setData(), and is formatted or filtered via user-defined functions; user interactions trigger data updates via setData, setColumns, or toggling row expansion, but no untrusted source directly influences system-critical operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a Qt table model with dynamic configuration capabilities. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are identified. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code offers a comprehensive, flexible data model for a GUI application. It includes methods for data setting, column configuration, formatting, searching, sorting, aggregation, and row collapsing. All methods use standard Python and Qt mechanisms without executing external or dynamic code based on input data. No network activity, no suspicious string operations, and no code injection points are found. The data flows are controlled through explicit method calls and do not involve untrusted input sources in a way that could lead to malicious behavior. The implementation appears legitimate and focused on UI data management without hidden or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured implementation of a Qt-based data table model with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It lacks any network activity, code injection, or hidden backdoors. The functions serve legitimate data management purposes, and there are no suspicious code patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}