{
  "purpose": "The code implements a command-line interface for the plan-linter tool, which validates plans against policies and schemas, applying rules and generating reports.",
  "sources": "Reads plan file, policy file, schema file, and rule modules from the filesystem; loads modules dynamically using importlib; reads command-line arguments and options.",
  "sinks": "Outputs report to stdout or a specified output file; potentially writes errors or warnings to console; may close output file stream.",
  "flows": "Loads plan and policy -> Loads rules dynamically -> Validates plan -> Applies rules -> Calculates risk -> Determines status -> Writes report to output -> Exits with status code.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic importlib to load modules from the rules directory could be exploited if malicious modules are placed there. No input validation on files beyond existence checks. No suspicious code in report generation or exit codes. No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. No network or system modification activities detected.",
  "analysis": "The script loads configuration files, dynamically imports rule modules, and processes plan validation, all of which are standard operations for a CLI tool. The dynamic import of modules from the 'rules' directory could be a vector for malicious code if untrusted modules are present, but this is a common extensibility pattern. No network connections, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are visible. The report generation and exit behavior are straightforward. Overall, the code appears to be a standard CLI implementation with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard CLI for plan validation with dynamic rule loading. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The primary risk is the potential loading of malicious rule modules if untrusted files are added to the rules directory. Overall, the code appears safe but should be used in trusted environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}