{
  "purpose": "The code imports various classes or functions from multiple modules, likely to be used elsewhere in the application.",
  "sources": "Import statements from local modules (.PreviewGet, .Async, .BulkDownload, .DataAvailability, .Metadata, .SUV, .AIS). These are sources where the code reads dependencies or code definitions.",
  "sinks": "There are no direct sinks such as network connections, file writes, or system calls; the code only performs imports.",
  "flows": "The flow is limited to importing symbols from various modules, establishing dependencies without executing or manipulating data.",
  "anomalies": "The imported names are seemingly random strings, which could suggest obfuscation or generated code. No explicit hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No dynamic execution or suspicious constructs are evident. The naming pattern could be benign or suspicious, but without further context, it is not definitive.",
  "analysis": "The code solely consists of import statements from local modules with obfuscated-looking class or function names. There are no visible functions, data processing, network operations, or data leaks. The use of multiple modules with similar naming patterns and nonsensical identifiers raises suspicion of obfuscation, possibly to conceal malicious intent or code behavior. However, based on the provided snippet alone, there is no active malicious behavior or malware. The randomness of identifiers suggests potential obfuscation or code generation, which warrants further investigation in the larger context.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily imports a series of modules with obfuscated names, with no evident malicious activity or security risks within this snippet. The unusual naming could be an attempt at obfuscation, but there is no direct evidence of malicious behavior. Overall, it appears as a dependency setup with potential obfuscation, requiring more context for definitive assessment.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}