{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to provide an interactive SQL parser tester that reads SQL input from the user or piped data, parses it using the openlineage_sql.parse module, and displays metadata about the input SQL statements.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from sys.stdin, which could be from user input via terminal or piped data from other processes.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs information to the terminal using print statements; no data is written to external networks, files, or other systems. No untrusted data is sent or stored elsewhere.",
  "flows": "Input data from sys.stdin flows into the parse function after concatenation into 'sql'. Parsed metadata is then used for display purposes. There are no dangerous flows such as executing untrusted code or sending data externally.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The code performs standard input/output operations, and the parse function's implementation is external and assumed safe. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "analysis": "The script facilitates user interaction for SQL testing, reading input via sys.stdin, which is standard. It optionally accepts a dialect argument. It processes input and outputs parsed metadata. There are no evident malicious or suspicious operations, no network activity, code injection, or data exfiltration observed. The external dependency openlineage_sql.parse is assumed to be legitimate, but its implementation is unknown; however, calling a safe, well-defined parsing function does not inherently pose a risk. No hardcoded secrets, malicious code, or obfuscation are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign SQL parser tester utility with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs straightforward input reading, parsing, and output, with no external network activity or sensitive data handling. Based on the provided code, it is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}