{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for encoding, decoding, and navigating geohashes, which are spatial encoding mechanisms used for geographic location representation and spatial queries.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'geohash' strings, latitude and longitude values, and direction strings; it also reads the base32 encoding string and the input parameters for encoding and adjacency calculations.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that lead to data leakage, system commands, network connections, or other side effects. The code does not write data or invoke external processes.",
  "flows": "Input data (geohash strings, coordinates, directions) are processed within functions to produce outputs such as bounds, decoded points, new geohashes, and neighbors; no external data flows or malicious data flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspiciously unusual code patterns are present. The code is straightforward, well-structured, and follows standard geohash encoding/decoding algorithms. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is observed. No external network or file I/O is performed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard geohash encoding, decoding, and adjacency functions. It uses basic arithmetic, string manipulations, and lookup tables. The '_indexes' function validates geohash characters, raising errors for invalid input. The '_fixedpoint' function sets decimal precision based on bounds but defaults to 12 if calculation fails. The 'bounds' function calculates geographic bounds based on bitwise decoding of geohash characters, returning structured coordinate bounds. The 'decode' function derives the center point of a geohash cell with fixed decimal precision. The 'encode' function converts coordinates to geohash strings with specified precision. The adjacency functions determine neighboring geohashes in four directions, handling border cases recursively. Overall, the code is a standard implementation of geohash algorithms without any suspicious or malicious modifications.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of geohash encoding and decoding algorithms without malicious intent. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data flows. The code is clean, well-documented, and aligns with standard geohash processing practices.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}