{
  "purpose": "The code implements geohash encoding, decoding, and adjacency functions for spatial data representation and manipulation.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as geohash strings, latitude, longitude, and direction. The encode function converts lat/lon to geohash; decode and bounds functions read geohash strings; adjacent/neighbours read geohash and direction inputs.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data that could cause security issues are present; the code primarily processes and returns geohash strings and coordinate bounds without executing external commands or handling untrusted data in a vulnerable way.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (geohash, lat, lon, direction) flow through functions to produce outputs such as new geohash strings or coordinate bounds; no data flows into potentially dangerous system commands or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard mathematical and data processing techniques without obfuscated language features or unnecessary dynamic execution. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious patterns are observed. The functions are straightforward and primarily mathematical/geospatial operations.",
  "analysis": "The code performs geohash encoding and decoding using standard algorithms based on binary space partitioning. It includes functions for adjacency and neighbor calculations, relying on well-defined base32 encoding. There is proper validation for input geohash strings and directions. No suspicious or malicious logic, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors, is present. The code handles all inputs safely, with exception handling for invalid geohash characters. No evidence of malware or malicious behavior is detected. The functions are well-structured, with clear purpose and no obfuscated code or hidden behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This Python code is a standard implementation of geohash spatial encoding/decoding with adjacency functions. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It appears safe and suitable for spatial data applications without security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}