{
  "purpose": "Generate an Excel file with various formulas using the xlwt library, including arithmetic operations, references, functions, and string concatenations.",
  "sources": "Hardcoded formula strings within ws.write() calls; no external data or inputs.",
  "sinks": "The formulas are written into the Excel file; no external sinks or data leaks involved.",
  "flows": "Formulas are static strings assigned directly to cells; no dynamic data flow or external data processing.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies; formulas are standard Excel expressions, no obfuscation or suspicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code creates an Excel workbook, adds a sheet, and writes multiple formulas, including arithmetic, references, functions like SUM, SIN, NOW(), IF(), and string concatenation. All formulas are hardcoded, with no external inputs or dynamic evaluation. The formulas use semicolons as parameter separators, consistent with localized Excel syntax. The script is straightforward, with no signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or external communication. The formulas are standard and intended for spreadsheet calculations. No vulnerabilities or malicious behaviors are evident. The code's purpose appears to be utility-based, generating a spreadsheet with various formulas. The risk of formula injection or malicious behavior is minimal given the static nature of the formulas.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, straightforward, and does not contain malware, obfuscation, or significant security risks. The formulas are standard Excel expressions, and the script performs a simple task of writing these formulas into an Excel file. The low security risk score (around 0.1) is justified but could be considered zero since there is no external input or dynamic evaluation involved. Overall, the script is safe and suitable for use as a utility for generating spreadsheets with formulas.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}