{
  "purpose": "This code manages Kubernetes resources, specifically pods and services, including creating and deleting NodePort services, for Spark applications.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (HOSTNAME), Kubernetes API calls (list_pod_for_all_namespaces, list_service_for_all_namespaces), and input parameters for service creation and deletion.",
  "sinks": "Potentially modifies Kubernetes services via create_namespaced_service and delete_namespaced_service; reads environment variables; accesses environment variables (HOSTNAME).",
  "flows": "Uses environment variable HOSTNAME to identify current pod, retrieves pod specs, then uses labels and API calls to manage services and ports, including creating NodePort services with specified ports.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Use of environment variables and Kubernetes API is standard. No obfuscated code detected. Ports are randomly allocated within a range; no signs of malicious port manipulation. The code allows dynamic creation and deletion of services, but this is typical for Kubernetes operators or controllers.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a Kubernetes controller for managing Spark-related services, primarily handling NodePort services for drivers and block managers. It loads kubeconfig from a provided path, retrieves pod information based on environment variables, manages port allocations, and creates/deletes services as needed. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or covert data leaks. The code does perform operations that could affect cluster networking, but these are legitimate for cluster management tools. The use of environment variables and API calls is standard; no secrets or credentials are hardcoded. No obfuscation or malware-like behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a Kubernetes management utility for Spark applications, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It provides controlled resource management and port allocation within Kubernetes. While it can modify cluster services, this is consistent with its intended purpose. No malicious or suspicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}