{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to parse specific directive patterns from text input, likely used for code formatting or configuration.",
  "sources": "The get_directives method reads from the input parameter, which is expected to be a text string passed to the method. The readUntilAfter method in readIgnored reads from an input stream.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any explicit sinks that could lead to data leaks or security issues. It primarily processes text with regex matching.",
  "flows": "The get_directives method searches for directives within the input text, extracting key-value pairs; readIgnored reads data from an input stream until a specific pattern is matched.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses regex patterns that may be susceptible to ReDoS (Regular Expression Denial of Service) if provided with maliciously crafted input, especially with complex or maliciously constructed input strings. However, no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class to parse directives in text based on regex patterns. It compiles regex patterns in the constructor and uses them to match and extract directives from input strings. The get_directives method returns a dictionary of directives or None if no match is found. The readIgnored method reads from an input stream until a specific ignore pattern is matched. The implementation appears straightforward and intended for parsing configuration or code annotations. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The only concern is potential regex performance issues with malicious input, but this is a known risk of regex usage, not malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs parsing of directive patterns with regex and does not contain malicious code or behaviors. It appears to be a utility for configuration or code parsing. No malware or security risks are evident beyond the inherent regex performance concern with crafted input.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}