{
  "purpose": "Provide functions to send ICMP echo requests (ping) both synchronously and asynchronously to check host availability and measure response times.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as address, source, payload, and other options; hostname resolution functions; socket send and receive methods.",
  "sinks": "Socket send and receive methods, which could potentially transmit or receive data over the network.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> hostname resolution -> socket creation -> packet construction -> send request -> receive reply -> process response -> return host statistics.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code detected. Payload parameters allow custom data but are standard for ping tools. No obfuscated code or unusual control flow. The code handles network communications securely via socket management, with privilege control. No suspicious external network calls or data exfiltration mechanisms identified.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard ICMP ping functionality with options for custom payloads, source addresses, and privileged control. It uses proper socket handling and exception management. The hostname resolution and network communication procedures follow common patterns. No signs of malicious behavior such as unauthorized data transmission, command execution, or backdoors. The functions are well-structured, and there are no hidden or obfuscated parts. The use of a standard library approach for ICMP requests aligns with typical network diagnostic tools. The presence of both sync and async functions is normal for modern network libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate ICMP ping library with no signs of malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It provides useful network diagnostic functionality without embedding malware or malicious data handling. It does not include any hidden network communications or credential theft mechanisms.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}