{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and custom waiters for the RDS service client in boto3, providing typed interfaces for various database-related wait operations.",
  "sources": "Constant imports from botocore.waiter, type definitions imported from local type_defs module, and the class methods which invoke parent class wait functions.",
  "sinks": "The wait methods are the primary sinks; they invoke the parent Waiter.wait with potentially untrusted keyword arguments. The code does not process untrusted data directly but passes it to external library methods.",
  "flows": "Input data (kwargs) flows into wait methods, which pass these to the parent Waiter.wait implementations. No other data flows or processing occurs within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious code constructs observed. The code consists of class definitions with straightforward method overrides and imports, no dynamic code execution, obfuscated logic, or hidden backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code defines typed subclasses of boto3's Waiter class for specific RDS resource states, providing annotated wait methods that pass arguments to the parent class implementation. The import statements include type definitions, but these are used for static type checking only and do not contain executable logic. The wait methods merely override the parent method with type annotations, offering improved type safety. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. All code appears standard and legitimate, focused solely on providing typed interfaces.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward, well-structured set of typed subclasses for boto3 RDS waiters. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. The code is intended to improve type safety and clarity for developers interacting with RDS waiters. No malicious intent or security threat is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}