{
  "purpose": "Setup script for building and publishing a Python package, including version handling and custom build commands.",
  "sources": "Reads README.md file, version info from a file or variable, and executes shell commands via os.system() for build, upload, and git operations.",
  "sinks": "os.system() calls executing 'setup.py sdist bdist_wheel', 'twine upload', and git commands; no external input validation or sanitization.",
  "flows": "Reads version info and README, then runs build/upload commands and git tagging/pushing through os.system() calls.",
  "anomalies": "Use of os.system() without validation; presence of random variable names and strings; hardcoded string 'gg60emnkvznphxsb' that appears as noise or identifier but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard setup.py with a custom command class for building and publishing. It employs unsafe practices by executing shell commands via os.system() without input validation, which could be exploited if environment variables or external inputs are manipulated. No malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration routines are evident. Variable names and strings appear obfuscated or noisy but are not malicious. The hardcoded string 'gg60emnkvznphxsb' is suspicious but not used maliciously. The malware score is 0, as no malicious intent is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, as no malicious obfuscation is present. The security risk score is around 0.3-0.4, reflecting the unsafe command execution practices but no active malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a typical build and upload setup with some unsafe command execution practices but no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The main concern is the use of os.system() without validation, which should be replaced with safer subprocess calls. The random strings and variable names are noise rather than malicious obfuscation. Overall, the code is benign but should be reviewed for safer command execution.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.35,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}