{
  "purpose": "Provides Python bindings for PPMd compression and decompression algorithms, enabling data compression and decompression operations.",
  "sources": "Input data for compression/decompression functions (`compress`, `decompress`, `decompress_str`, etc.), environment variables (indirectly via imported modules), version information from package metadata.",
  "sinks": "Return values of compression and decompression functions, data passed to encoding/decoding functions, exception raising points.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed by `compress` or `decompress` functions, passed to encoder/decoder classes, then results are returned. No external data flows or network connections are directly involved.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns. Use of dynamic imports and fallback mechanisms is standard for optional C extensions. No obfuscated code, no unusual variable names or misleading constructs. No code injection, network activity, or data exfiltration detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard compression/decompression with optional C extension support, with fallback import error handling. It includes input validation, supports multiple variants, and provides utility functions for encoding and decoding data. The import logic, class definitions, and functions follow expected patterns for a compression library. No signs of malicious behavior such as network access, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The dynamic import and version retrieval are typical for optional C modules. The overall structure appears clean and purposeful, with no suspicious anomalies or obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a Python binding for a compression library, with proper input validation and modular design. No malicious activity or malicious behavior indicators are present. The supply chain risk appears minimal, provided dependencies are trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}