{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for encoding, decoding, and cryptographic operations related to tokens, keys, and data transformations, primarily for use in security and authentication workflows.",
  "sources": "Functions reading data include 'base64.urlsafe_b64decode', 'base64.urlsafe_b64encode', and input parameters such as 'access_token', 'data', and 'key'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are encoding/decoding functions, hash computations, and string manipulations where untrusted input could be processed insecurely. Notably, the code does not execute or invoke system commands, network operations, or write to files.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows through encoding/decoding functions, hashing, and conversion functions, such as 'long_to_bytes', 'base64url_encode', 'calculate_at_hash', and 'base64_to_long'. These transform data for cryptographic or storage purposes but do not involve executing code from untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors observed; the functions perform standard cryptographic and encoding operations. The code contains standard cryptography helpers and regex-based format detection, with no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated logic.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides encoding, decoding, and cryptographic utility functions. It safely handles input data, performing base64url transformations, integer-to-byte conversions, hash-based token processing, and format detection for PEM and SSH keys. It includes fallback mechanisms for dependencies, which is standard for compatibility. No code indicates network access, data exfiltration, or malicious control flow. The presence of regex matching for PEM and SSH formats is standard in cryptographic tooling and does not indicate malicious intent. The functions rely on standard libraries and follow conventional cryptographic practices without any suspicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of cryptographic utility functions with no evidence of malicious behavior or backdoors. It appears to be a standard, well-structured support library intended for token handling and key format recognition. There are no signs of malware, malicious data leaks, or sabotage. Overall, the code poses no security threat based on the provided snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}