{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for encoding, decoding, cryptographic operations, and format checks related to security tokens, keys, and binary data handling.",
  "sources": "Reading environment variables, input data for encoding/decoding, and cryptographic key bytes for format detection.",
  "sinks": "Encoding functions output data, format detection functions return boolean values, and the calculate_at_hash function returns a hash string.",
  "flows": "Input data such as tokens or key bytes are processed through encoding/decoding or hashing functions, with no external network communication or data exfiltration present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. Functions perform standard cryptographic and encoding operations. The base64 and hashing functions are standard and well-defined. No obfuscation or malicious code structures are present.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises utility functions for encoding/decoding data, cryptographic hash calculation, format detection for PEM and SSH keys, and type coercion. The functions employ standard libraries (base64, re, struct, hashlib) and perform typical operations associated with secure data handling. No code injection, data leaks, or malicious network activity are observed. The code handles cryptographic data formats safely and does not execute or evaluate untrusted code dynamically. The function calculate_at_hash correctly implements a standard hash truncation method. Overall, the code appears to be part of a cryptographic utility library with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of utility functions for cryptographic encoding, decoding, and format verification. It operates using standard libraries and practices, with no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data flows. It is a benign module intended for cryptographic processing tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}