{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be an extension or customization of Django admin widgets and filters, possibly for creating dynamic dropdowns and filters in the admin interface.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from request objects, parameters, and model fields, especially in functions like autNzTQjGosPCCPxoQzXgMCnZvKMWtSj and LPlrGrsigvEtVyztnjbddJmLeAMDFJAI.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include rendering widgets, reverse URL lookups, and model field queries which could be misused if untrusted data influences queryset filtering or widget rendering.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from request or parameters flows into URL reversal, widget rendering, and model queryset filtering, especially through dynamic parameter handling and the custom filter class.",
  "anomalies": "The code heavily uses obfuscated class and variable names, dynamic class creation, and conditional logic that complicates understanding, which could be suspicious. There are no hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors. The complex dynamic class creation and obscure naming could be an attempt at obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily extends Django admin functionalities by creating custom list filters and widget wrappers, with dynamic class creation based on parameters, and flexible queryset filtering. The obfuscation of class and variable names makes it difficult to understand intent, but no direct malicious actions such as network communication, file operations, or credential access are present. The code uses standard Django patterns for widget customization and URL reversal. The dynamic handling of form fields and filters is complex but appears aligned with typical Django admin extension techniques. No evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage was found. The obfuscation and complexity could be a tactic to hide malicious intent, but given the content, it appears more likely to be an attempt at obscurity rather than malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is an obfuscated Django admin extension for dynamic filtering and widget customization. It does not contain clear malicious behavior or malware, but its obfuscation and complexity warrant caution. There are no signs of malicious activity like data exfiltration, network communication to suspicious domains, or backdoors. The security risk is low, though the obfuscation could hinder security review.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}