{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for numeric calculations, statistical analysis, and data size formatting, primarily for use in data analysis or reporting contexts.",
  "sources": "The functions read input data from parameters such as sequences of numbers (`r`), sizes (`size`), units (`unit`), and optional flags for formatting (`binary`, `full_name`, `precision`).",
  "sinks": "The code outputs formatted strings representing data sizes, statistical results, or numerical calculations. No direct data leaks or system effects are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through calculations (mean, median, standard deviation) or formatting functions, resulting in formatted string outputs. There are no external or network data flows or untrusted data manipulations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior observed. The functions perform standard statistical and formatting operations without hidden or obfuscated code. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple mathematical and statistical functions with clear, documented purposes. The formatting functions convert sizes to human-readable formats with support for SI and binary units, with options for full names or abbreviations. The statistical functions handle common cases and include error handling for empty data. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated logic, or suspicious behavior is present. External inputs are only used for calculations or formatting, with outputs being straightforward strings. There is no indication of malicious intent or malicious side effects.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard set of numeric utilities for statistical calculations and data size formatting. It contains no malicious or suspicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is safe for use and contains no indicators of obfuscation or malware.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 1
}