{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for creating and configuring HTTP requests sessions with optional authentication, certificates, and Google Cloud credentials.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from parameters such as 'auth', 'username', 'password', 'ca_bundle', 'cert', and 'google_credentials'. It also reads environment variables in 'add_certs_to_session'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data like 'ca_bundle' and 'cert' paths, and 'google_credentials' are used internally but are not directly transmitted or exposed outside the functions.",
  "flows": "Credentials ('auth', 'username/password', 'google_credentials') flow into session creation. File paths for CA and cert are expanded and verified, then assigned to the session's verify and cert attributes. The session is returned for use in network requests.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, unusual code constructs, or obfuscation. The code performs standard session configuration with optional credentials and certificates. Usage of a deprecated method and an external import is noted but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code provides various functions for creating requests sessions, handling authentication via different methods, and adding security certificates. It performs proper existence checks for certificate files, logs debug info, and warns about deprecation of a function. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. Use of environment variable expansion is standard but warrants cautious handling to avoid path injection. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code injection is observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility module for session management with no evidence of malicious intent. It follows typical patterns for secure session handling but contains a deprecated function warning. No malicious behaviors or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}