{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for data mapping, object searching, asynchronous handling, change detection, and case-insensitive dictionary management, likely intended for general application logic.",
  "sources": "Function parameters, input data structures, environment checks for async context, and internal state attributes.",
  "sinks": "Callback invocations, logging statements, JSON serialization, and data retrievals from dictionaries.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed through functions such as map_reading, find_object_with_key, find_path_to_key; async functions handle coroutines or run code in executors; on_change monitors function output for changes; data is retrieved, possibly transformed, and callback functions are invoked based on results.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Use of logging is standard; no code injections or obfuscated patterns present. No external network communications or data exfiltration routines identified.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions that facilitate data processing, asynchronous task management, and change detection, along with a case-insensitive dictionary implementation and custom JSON encoding. All functions perform standard operations such as iteration, data access, and callback invocation without executing untrusted code, handling sensitive information, or engaging in network communications. The change detection decorator maintains internal state per instance or closure, which is typical. Async handling functions appropriately check for coroutine status and execute functions accordingly. No signs of malicious activity or sabotage are observed, and third-party library usage is standard. Overall, the code appears to be intended for application support with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a collection of utility functions and classes for data manipulation, asynchronous execution, change detection, and case-insensitive dict handling. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, data exfiltration, or malware. The code performs legitimate operations typical of application support modules. Based on this, the overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}