{
  "purpose": "A Python class wrapping API calls to Coinbase Pro, providing methods to retrieve product info, ticker data, candles, and stats.",
  "sources": "HTTP request methods (requests.Session.request, requests.Session.get), input parameters such as product_id, start/stop times, and API endpoints.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to external API endpoints, potential JSON parsing, and exception raising on error responses.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., product_id, start, stop) are used to construct API request URLs and parameters, then data is retrieved via HTTP calls, parsed, and returned. No untrusted data flows directly into dangerous sinks like system commands.",
  "anomalies": "Use of heavily obfuscated variable and method names, which may suggest intent to hide code purpose. The class includes a static method that raises exceptions based on HTTP error codes, but no evidence of malicious actions like data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity. No hardcoded credentials are present. The imports include suspicious-looking exception classes with random names, but they are only raised upon errors, consistent with standard API error handling.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a wrapper around Coinbase Pro API endpoints, implementing functions to fetch market data, product info, and trading data. The obfuscation of variable and method names could be suspicious, but the code logic is consistent with typical API client design. There are no hardcoded secrets, no network connections initiated outside of legitimate API requests, and no code indicating malicious payloads. Error handling raises exceptions based on response status codes, which is standard. Overall, the structure and behavior do not indicate malicious activity, but the obfuscation warrants caution.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a seemingly standard API client wrapper for Coinbase Pro, with obfuscated naming that could hide malicious intent but no direct evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The absence of external connections, data exfiltration, or backdoor mechanisms suggests low risk, though obfuscation increases suspicion. Overall, it appears to be a benign API client with unusual naming conventions.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}