{
  "purpose": "The code provides a client class for interacting with the Coinbase Pro API, enabling retrieval of product info, ticker data, trades, candlestick data, and system time.",
  "sources": "Input sources include API responses from requests to Coinbase Pro endpoints and input parameters such as product IDs, start/stop times, granularity, and trade IDs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include JSON parsing, data processing, and returning data structures. There are no apparent data leaks or dangerous sinks such as writing to files or executing code from untrusted sources.",
  "flows": "Data flows from API responses (sources) through parsing and data transformation functions, with some functions modifying request parameters and parsing datetime strings. There are no suspicious flows leading to malicious behavior.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated variable names throughout the code (e.g., 'CjHugbSepeWdQFnigazrMtDJSYNNgKlw', 'katBlMqcynKXpNgfgGRMpIyUEfZTBNws') and non-descriptive method names, which impede readability. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. No signs of code injection, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical API client implementation for Coinbase Pro, with functions for fetching various market data. Variable names are deliberately obfuscated, which might suggest an attempt to conceal purpose, but the functions perform standard API calls, data parsing, and formatting. No code performs unauthorized actions like network exfiltration, system modifications, or executing untrusted code. The code includes error handling for API responses, but nothing indicates malicious intent. The obfuscation seems primarily for concealment rather than malicious functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Coinbase Pro API client with obfuscated naming. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The obfuscation reduces code clarity but does not introduce security concerns. No malware or supply chain attack indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}