{
  "purpose": "This code builds a GraphQL schema with support for Federation, custom directives, and schema composition, primarily for use in a GraphQL API server.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function arguments, including schema components like query, mutation, subscription, directives, and types. It also accesses schema's type map and uses imported functions and classes to generate directives and schema components.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include the dynamic creation of schema and query classes, and the addition of directives based on input parameters. No direct data leak or system command execution is present. The code does not appear to execute untrusted data or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., directives, types, schema directives) influence the schema construction, directives application, and class generation. The flow from input to schema build involves adding directives, composing schema directives, and augmenting the schema with federation components.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically constructs schema classes and applies directives based on input parameters and schema state, which could be exploited if malicious inputs are provided. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The code relies on external functions like get_directives_based_on_version and directive_decorator, but they appear to be standard utility functions. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily functions as a schema builder for GraphQL with federation support. It retrieves directives and schema components, applies directives dynamically, and constructs schema classes. It uses input parameters to modify schema behavior, including custom directives and federation versioning. No suspicious operations, external system calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The dynamic class creation and directive application are typical for schema generation but could be misused if inputs are untrusted; however, the code appears to validate or control these inputs to some extent. Overall, the code is designed for schema construction and does not exhibit malicious intent or behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a schema construction utility for GraphQL with federation and directive support. It performs dynamic class and schema creation based on input parameters but does not contain malicious logic or malware. The code does not perform any harmful operations or system interactions. Its main risk lies in potential misuse if input parameters are maliciously crafted, but as written, it seems secure and intended for legitimate schema building purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}