{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to build and configure a GraphQL schema with support for Federation, directives, and custom types.",
  "sources": "User-provided arguments such as query, mutation, subscription, types, directives, and schema_directives; calls to external functions like get_directives_based_on_version, get_service_query, get_entity_query, and schema type map.",
  "sinks": "Schema construction functions (build_directive_schema), addition of directives and schema modifications, and final schema return, which could be used to execute GraphQL queries or manipulate schema elements.",
  "flows": "Input arguments flow into schema building functions, with directives and schema directives potentially being added or modified. Custom directives and schema types are integrated into the schema, with specific handling for federation versions. The final schema is reconstructed with all directives and query modifications applied.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are evident. Usage of standard GraphQL schema building, with directives and type manipulations aligned with GraphQL federation and directive specifications. No obfuscation, malicious network calls, or data leaks detected. Error handling is minimal but straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily facilitates schema creation with support for GraphQL federation and directives. It incorporates functions for adding federation-specific types, directives, and custom schema directives. The use of external functions for directives and entity resolution appears standard and safe. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful side effects. The only noteworthy aspect is the dynamic addition of directives and types based on federation version, which aligns with expected schema configuration processes.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured GraphQL schema builder with federation support. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. Its operations are limited to schema configuration and directive management, with no evidence of malicious or harmful activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}