{
  "purpose": "This code constructs a WSGI request environment from API Gateway event data, enabling Python web applications to handle HTTP requests within serverless environments.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from event_info (including httpMethod, headers, body, path, query parameters, requestContext), environment variables, and headers such as 'X-Forwarded-For'.",
  "sinks": "The code writes data into the WSGI environment dictionary, including request method, headers, body (via BytesIO), and server details. It also processes headers and request data for downstream handling.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the event_info input through parsing, decoding (base64), and header processing into the environ dictionary; headers like 'X-Forwarded-For' influence remote_addr; body data is decoded and placed into 'wsgi.input'; request details are assembled into the environ for web server handling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code performs standard request parsing without obfuscation. There are no suspicious network calls, code injections, or hidden behaviors. The base64 decoding is conditional on 'isBase64Encoded' flag, which is standard for API Gateway payloads. No malicious backdoors or privacy violations are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code cleanly transforms API Gateway event data into a WSGI environment, respecting standard HTTP semantics and encoding rules. It handles multi-value query parameters, base64 decoding, header normalization, and remote IP extraction in a typical manner. There is no evidence of malicious payloads, malicious code injection, or unintended data leakage. The header processing, including 'X-Forwarded-For', is standard. Logging is performed with standard format. No suspicious or malicious patterns are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation for converting API Gateway events into WSGI requests. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It correctly processes and encodes data without leaking or mishandling sensitive information. Overall, this code is safe and aligns with typical serverless request handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}