{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to convert API Gateway event data into a WSGI environment dictionary suitable for Python web applications.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include event_info (API Gateway event), headers, body, and request context data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the construction of the WSGI environ, particularly the handling of body content, headers, and request paths, which could be misused if malicious data is injected.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input from event_info (such as headers, body, query parameters) flows into environment variables, request paths, and headers; notably, the body and headers are encoded/decoded and inserted into the environ, and the path is unquoted, which could be manipulated.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code. The code properly handles base64 decoding when indicated. No use of eval, exec, or dynamic code execution. The only potential concern is the handling of body data, but it appears to treat all data as binary payloads without executing or evaluating content.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically converts API Gateway event data into a WSGI environment, carefully handling query parameters, headers, and body content. It decodes base64 payloads if indicated and constructs the environment with standard WSGI variables. Header name normalization and path unquoting are correctly implemented. No dynamic execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious data flows are present. The handling of 'wsgi.input' as a BytesIO stream is standard and safe. The code does not execute or evaluate the request content; it merely prepares the environment for downstream web app processing. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. The only minor observation is that it trusts header values like 'X-Forwarded-For' for client IP, which can be spoofed, but this is a standard behavior and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a safe, standard converter from API Gateway events to WSGI environment. It does not contain malicious behaviors or sabotage indicators. It appears to be well-structured and secure for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}