{
  "purpose": "The code provides mechanisms for defining, overriding, and applying ordering metadata to classes and their fields, primarily for organizing or sorting data structures based on custom orderings.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function arguments (__arg, before, after), class attributes, imported modules, and within functions such as get_order_overriding and sort_by_order.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write or transmit untrusted data externally. It uses data internally to control ordering logic. No external data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (__arg, before, after) flow into decorators or functions that modify or retrieve ordering info, which then influence the sorting logic in sort_by_order, specifically affecting ordering decisions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. Usage of internal functions and data structures appears standard. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a data class for ordering metadata, provides functions to assign or override orderings via decorators, and sorts collections based on these orderings. It imports and uses trusted modules like collections, dataclasses, and typing. The functions utilize standard Python data structures and control flow, with no signs of malicious behavior. All data flows are internally managed for ordering purposes, with no external data exfiltration, network activity, or system manipulation detected. The logic is consistent with intended functionality for ordering and sorting data structures, with no anomalies that suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for managing custom ordering of class fields and sorting collections accordingly. No malicious behavior, suspicious patterns, or security risks are evident. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}