{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and functions for handling multi-dimensional astronomical data cubes, including coordinate transformations, cropping, reprojection, and visualization. It primarily manages data and WCS transformations, facilitating scientific analysis of observational data.",
  "sources": "External libraries such as astropy, sunpy (optional), ndcube modules, and reproject (optional). Data is read from the 'data' attribute, coordinate inputs, and WCS objects.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks or data exfiltration points are present. External libraries are trusted and standard for scientific computing. No code injection or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input attributes to processing methods like axis_world_coords, crop, reproject_to, and plotting functions. Coordinate transformations and cropping involve WCS and coordinate inputs, but no untrusted data is executed or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected. Optional sunpy import is benign. No suspicious dynamic code execution or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured implementation of an astronomical data cube handler, relying on trusted external libraries. It performs input validation, coordinate transformations, cropping, reprojection, and visualization. No malicious logic, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are evident. The external dependencies are standard and do not introduce security risks. The code's purpose aligns with scientific data processing, and it does not contain any suspicious or malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, transparent implementation for handling multi-dimensional astronomical data cubes with WCS transformations. It contains no malware, obfuscation, or sabotage indicators. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to the potential misuse of coordinate inputs, but no malicious intent is present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}