{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for managing and manipulating multi-dimensional data cubes with WCS transformations, including cropping, reprojection, rebinning, and visualization, as part of the ndcube library for astronomical data analysis.",
  "sources": "Input data arrays (self.data), WCS objects, extra_coords, global_coords, user-provided parameters such as crop points, reproject parameters, rebin parameters, and metadata.",
  "sinks": "Methods that produce modified data arrays (e.g., reproject_to, crop, rebin, __add__, __mul__), which could potentially be misused if malicious input is supplied. No explicit data leaks or unsafe data handling patterns are evident. No network connections or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Input data and parameters flow into class methods (crop, reproject_to, rebin, etc.), potentially transforming data, uncertainties, or masks, and returning new class instances. These flows are standard for data manipulation; no suspicious data flows to external systems are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns identified. The code includes standard astronomical data processing functions. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscated logic, or hidden behaviors are observed. Warnings about deprecated functions suggest maintenance status but not malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code provides class definitions for managing multi-dimensional data cubes, with methods for coordinate transformations, cropping, reprojecting, rebinning, and visualization. Use of external libraries like astropy, reproject, and numpy appears appropriate. The import statements include optional sunpy, which is handled gracefully. Data handling includes validation for units and shapes, with no evident security vulnerabilities. The reproject_to method relies on the external 'reproject' library, which is a known dependency, and does not execute untrusted code internally. The dynamic attribute management via descriptors and copying behavior is standard. There are no signs of malicious code such as network access, file system modifications, or concealed logic. Overall, the code is well-structured, focuses on data manipulation, and does not demonstrate malicious or sabotage behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical astronomical data cube management library component, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It uses common scientific Python libraries responsibly and implements standard data processing routines without hidden or harmful behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}