{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement an image quality assessment method using NIQE and BRISQUE metrics, including training and testing procedures for image datasets.",
  "sources": "Reads image files from disk (glob.glob, skimage.io.imread), loads precomputed models (joblib.load), loads MATLAB data files (scipy.io.loadmat), and reads environment variables indirectly through file paths.",
  "sinks": "Outputs model files (joblib.dump), prints data to standard output, and processes image data in memory.",
  "flows": "Loads images from disk -> computes image features -> optionally saves model parameters -> evaluates images by comparing computed features to population models.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded secrets observed. Code appears standard for image quality analysis. Commented code and variable naming are straightforward. No obfuscated code or suspicious network activity. The commented-out line suggests a resizing operation but is benign.",
  "analysis": "The script loads images, computes statistical features related to image quality, and optionally trains models or evaluates images against a pre-trained model. It uses well-known libraries (scikit-image, scipy, numpy, joblib). No indications of malicious code or data leakage mechanisms. The only file operations are reading images and model data, and writing model parameters, which are typical in ML workflows. No code performs network communication or system modifications. No evidence of backdoors, code injection, or malicious data collection. The code structure is clear, with no suspicious obfuscation or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of image quality metrics with model training and evaluation procedures. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. The data handling is straightforward, and no external network interactions or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}