{
  "purpose": "The code provides a parser and rendering functions for HTML forms, allowing default values and error messages to be injected into form templates.",
  "sources": "Data sources include 'defaults' and 'errors' dictionaries provided to 'render' and 'FillingParser', as well as HTML attributes and tag contents during parsing.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include injection points where error messages are inserted ('insert_at_marker'), and attribute modifications in 'handle_input', 'handle_textarea', and 'handle_select', which could modify HTML attributes or inject error messages.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'defaults' and 'errors' into HTML via parser methods: 'handle_input', 'handle_textarea', 'handle_select', and error handling functions, which then modify the HTML content by inserting values and error messages into placeholders.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation are present. The code uses standard HTML manipulation techniques and error formatting functions. There is minimal dynamic execution or suspicious network activity. The only notable feature is the insertion of error messages and default values, which is typical for form handling. No unusual or suspicious code patterns are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a form parser that fills in default values and error messages into HTML form templates. It processes form tags, attributes, and manages error display logic. The 'render' function and 'FillingParser' class handle injecting default data and error messages into form fields, with mechanisms for adding attributes, managing form element states, and formatting errors. All functions and methods use standard HTML handling and string manipulation, with no signs of obfuscated or malicious code. No external network calls, credential handling, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code's structure and logic align with typical form rendering libraries, and there are no suspicious anomalies or behaviors that suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate HTML form parser and renderer designed for injecting defaults and errors into forms. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It functions as expected for its purpose without any malicious intent or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}