{
  "purpose": "Define custom exception classes for error handling and control flow within a larger Python application, mainly related to command execution, parsing, and environment handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input via exception initialization parameters and internal attributes. No external data sources or untrusted input handling is explicitly present.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs exception information through methods like __str__, _repr, and format_exception, primarily for debugging or logging purposes.",
  "flows": "Exceptions are raised with contextual data; methods format exception details for display. No data flows from untrusted sources to critical sinks that could cause vulnerabilities.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or hardcoded secrets are present. The code primarily consists of standard exception class definitions with no suspicious logic or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines numerous custom exception classes used for structured error handling. These classes include attributes for capturing detailed context about errors during command execution, parsing, or environment issues. Methods like streams_for_display format output streams for display, with no direct data processing or untrusted input handling. The _printable_kwargs function sanitizes long iterable args for display, which is standard practice. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, code injection, or backdoors. The code's structure is typical for a well-organized exception hierarchy, with no obfuscation, suspicious dynamic code, or embedded malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of structured exception classes for error handling, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It performs standard error formatting and encapsulation without executing untrusted code or leaking sensitive data. Overall, the code appears safe and well-structured for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}