{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for handling, converting, filtering, and validating bounding boxes in image augmentation pipelines, supporting multiple formats and mask-based operations.",
  "sources": "Inputs include bounding box arrays (from user data, image annotations, or masks), image shape, and additional parameters. Data is read mainly in functions like convert_bboxes_to_albumentations, check_bboxes, filter_bboxes, and mask/bbox conversion functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve processing of bounding box data, which could lead to data leakage if untrusted inputs are improperly validated. No network or system command calls, file I/O, or sensitive data handling are present.",
  "flows": "Sources such as user-provided bboxes or masks flow into conversion, validation, filtering, or clipping functions. Data is transformed between formats, normalized/denormalized, or clipped, and results are returned for further processing or augmentation. There are no evident untrusted data flows leading to security-critical actions.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for image annotation handling; no hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or backdoors are present. The only notable feature is the erosion_rate parameter in union_of_bboxes, which is a straightforward geometric operation. No suspicious dynamic code execution, network activity, or data exfiltration points are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs data manipulation for bounding boxes and masks, including conversion between formats, validation, and filtering based on geometric criteria. It uses numpy for vectorized operations, with clear, well-structured functions. No code indicates malicious intent; the functions serve typical computer vision data processing purposes. The presence of robust validation and normalization steps reduces the likelihood of malicious exploitation. No network or system commands are present. The code adheres to expected patterns for such utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured set of utilities for bounding box and mask processing in image augmentation workflows. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are detected. The logic is consistent with legitimate CV tasks, and no suspicious signals are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}