{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and functions for handling hyperparameters in a search space for machine learning or optimization tasks, including sampling, validation, and configuration conversions.",
  "sources": "Imports external libraries such as numpy, scipy, and jsonschema; reads configurations via fill_parameter; accesses class attributes and methods; uses random.uniform for sampling.",
  "sinks": "Uses numpy and scipy.stats functions for sampling and distribution calculations; no apparent direct data sinks that leak information or execute external commands.",
  "flows": "Reads configuration data for hyperparameters; converts values via cdf and ppf functions; samples values; converts hyperparameter sets to configurations; normalizes data from runs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. The code performs standard statistical sampling and configuration handling. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or file system operations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically handles various types of hyperparameters, including uniform, log-uniform, normal, beta, and categorical distributions, with appropriate validation and conversion methods. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are present. The code relies on well-known libraries and standard statistical methods. It does not perform any network operations, file manipulations, or system commands. Functions like 'sample' generate random values, but this is expected for hyperparameter sampling. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors are detected. The import of 'jsonschema' and usage of 'ValidationError' are related to validation processes, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for hyperparameter management in search algorithms. It performs configuration validation, sampling, and transformation of parameters without any malicious intent or suspicious behavior. No malicious or sabotage indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}