{
  "purpose": "The code is a standard, auto-generated Google Cloud Pub/Sub Schema Service client SDK, designed for managing schemas via API calls with secure credential handling and environment-based configuration.",
  "sources": "The code reads input/data primarily from environment variables for configuration, request parameters for API calls, and credentials from external libraries. No untrusted input sources or data leaks are evident.",
  "sinks": "The code sends API requests over network transports (gRPC or REST) to Google Cloud endpoints. No data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity are detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-provided parameters and environment variables into request objects, which are then transmitted via secure transports to Google Cloud services. No suspicious or malicious data flows are identified.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or dynamic code execution are present. Environment variables are used for configuration, which is standard but should be protected in deployment.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical, auto-generated SDK for Google Cloud Pub/Sub Schema Service, handling credentials, environment configuration, request validation, and API communication securely. No signs of malicious activity, sabotage, or obfuscation are present. The use of environment variables for configuration is standard practice, not inherently malicious. The request handling and transport setup follow best practices, with proper error handling and credential management. Scores assigned by reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1-0.2) are consistent with the benign, standard nature of the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is legitimate, well-structured, and free from malicious intent or sabotage. It functions as a typical SDK client for Google Cloud services, with no signs of malicious or obfuscated code. The low security risk score is justified, and the overall security posture is very high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}