{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for lazy loading Python modules, submodules, and attributes, including support for delayed import errors and stub-based static analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (os.environ), module specifications (importlib.util.find_spec), file system files (os.path.exists, open), and stack frames (inspect.stack).",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks are present that handle untrusted data for system commands, network communication, or data leakage. The code only manipulates modules, attributes, and file paths internally.",
  "flows": "The code loads modules dynamically via importlib, sets attributes on sys.modules, and accesses environment variables. It creates proxy modules that delay actual imports until attribute access.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution are present. Use of threading.Lock appears normal. The code uses standard library modules only. The DelayedImportErrorModule raises exceptions with detailed message formatting, which is typical for delayed error reporting.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a set of utility functions for lazy module loading, with some mechanisms for handling import errors lazily and parsing stub files for static analysis. It employs standard importlib and os functions without any evidence of malicious or obfuscated behavior. No network communication, system modification, or data exfiltration methods are observed. The approach of delaying import errors is a known pattern for improving startup performance and debugging. The use of threading.Lock is straightforward for thread safety during module load operations. Overall, the code appears to be well-structured, utilizing standard techniques for lazy loading without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code implements legitimate lazy-loading mechanisms for Python modules, including support for delayed error reporting and static analysis via stub files. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The code's purpose is to improve module import efficiency and handle import errors gracefully, with no indications of supply chain attacks or malicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}