{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for lazy loading of Python modules, submodules, and attributes to optimize import times and handle optional dependencies.",
  "sources": "Reading environment variables (os.environ), importing modules (importlib, importlib.util, sys.modules), opening and parsing stub files (open, ast.parse), and inspecting call stacks (inspect.stack).",
  "sinks": "Potentially executing or returning imported modules and attributes, raising exceptions, and modifying sys.modules and module attributes.",
  "flows": "Source: environment variables, import statements, file reads, and stack inspection; -> sinks: module imports, attribute access, exception raising, sys.modules modifications.",
  "anomalies": "Use of lazy import proxy modules and delayed error reporting modules could mask import errors, but no explicit malicious code such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors is present. The code does not contain obfuscation or suspicious patterns; the code comments and structure are clear.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions for lazy importing modules and attributes, including handling delayed errors via custom modules. It uses standard Python libraries (importlib, os, sys, ast, threading, warnings) in a straightforward manner. The core logic is to defer module loading until first use, which can obscure when a module is actually imported but is not inherently malicious. The environment variable 'EAGER_IMPORT' triggers eager loading. The attach_stub function parses stub files for static type checking purposes without executing external code. No network calls, file writing, or suspicious code execution paths are present. There are no hardcoded credentials or obfuscated patterns. The code primarily manipulates import machinery and module attributes in a controlled way, typical for lazy-loading libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for lazy module loading, designed to improve performance and optional dependency handling. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. It appears to be a benign, well-structured library for Python package developers seeking lazy import functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}