{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a complex configuration or data mapping module, defining multiple regex patterns for linguistic and textual analysis, along with dictionaries and data structures to map certain patterns and attributes. It likely supports a natural language processing or text classification task.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from hardcoded strings split into lists, including large sets of words and language patterns. No external inputs, network, or user input is directly read within this module.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks where untrusted data flows or untrusted inputs are processed; the code mainly defines patterns and static data structures. There are no operations that write to files, network, or external systems.",
  "flows": "The code compiles regex patterns, populates dictionaries, and performs data normalization and processing of static text data. These data and pattern definitions do not involve dynamic or untrusted data flows; they are static pattern collections used for analysis.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code features or unusual code constructs are evident beyond the complex regex and data structures. The large static data sets and pattern definitions are consistent with NLP pattern matching. The code includes a 'malware score' and 'security risk' assessment variables, but they are not actively used or triggered.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with multiple imports and attempts to import a specialized regex module 're2', falling back to standard 're' if unavailable. It defines various large strings with text data, including English words, Dutch/Flemish phrases, and German words, processed into lists. Numerous regex patterns are compiled for linguistic features such as verb forms, conjunctions, pronouns, prepositions, and nominalizations, indicating NLP pattern matching intent. The patterns are stored in collections like OrderedDicts for structured analysis. Several datasets contain common linguistic elements, likely for language detection, text classification, or grammar analysis. The data appears static and predefined, with no external input handling or dynamic data processing. The final data structures map pattern names to their regex objects, with no code that performs malicious actions, data exfiltration, or system sabotage. Overall, the code is focused on pattern matching and linguistic analysis with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a collection of static linguistic pattern definitions and data mappings used for text analysis or NLP tasks. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms. There are no active flows that process untrusted input or perform harmful actions. The presence of detailed regex patterns and large language data sets is consistent with legitimate NLP tooling rather than malicious code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}