{
  "purpose": "The script prompts the user for a mathematical equation involving 'x', processes it using imported functions, and plots the resulting function.",
  "sources": "Input from raw_input() capturing user-entered equations; data read from 'dataset.hdf5' file; imported functions from external modules.",
  "sinks": "The code does not appear to send or leak data externally; plotting functions display data locally.",
  "flows": "User inputs equations → processed via external functions → variables may be populated from 'dataset.hdf5' or imported modules → plotted on the screen.",
  "anomalies": "Use of raw_input() (Python 2) suggests outdated code; external modules imported with non-descriptive, obfuscated names; no explicit validation or sanitization of user input; no apparent malicious functions invoked; no code that writes or transmits data externally. No hidden or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code relies on external modules with obfuscated names, which makes it harder to understand their behavior. It reads data from an HDF5 dataset and prompts for an equation, then evaluates it using an imported function. The user input is handled with minimal validation, only checking for syntax errors and presence of 'x'. It then attempts to resolve variable dependencies, potentially pulling from the dataset or its attributes. The plotting part uses NumPy and Matplotlib to visualize the function. No network connections, data exfiltration, or system modification actions are evident. The code structure and usage do not show signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious intent. The obfuscation of import names might be suspicious, but it could also be a form of code security through obscurity rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a plotting utility that evaluates user-input equations against data stored in an HDF5 file, with no clear malicious activity. The obfuscated import names and outdated Python 2 syntax are notable but not malicious. Overall, the script does not demonstrate malicious intent or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}