{
  "purpose": "Handles gRPC status responses, parsing protobufs, validating status codes and messages, and converting them into internal representations.",
  "sources": "Reads status protobuf serialized data from call.sBSPgGPUgoDvRirJsefiHGmxkZfVoDoM() and call.xZKjGCFEkAWYbPGKnGPljFVTlRUGcuNy()",
  "sinks": "Potentially raises exceptions if status code or message mismatches occur; no external data sinks or network operations observed.",
  "flows": "Extracts status data from call, parses protobuf, compares status code and message, raises exceptions on mismatch, returns status object.",
  "anomalies": "Highly obfuscated variable and class names; no malicious code or suspicious external interactions; standard protobuf handling.",
  "analysis": "The code performs validation of gRPC status messages by parsing protobufs, comparing status codes and messages, and raising exceptions if inconsistencies are found. Variable names are intentionally obfuscated, which is unusual but not inherently malicious. No network activity, credential handling, or file operations are present. The functions rely on protobuf serialization/deserialization and internal validation logic. The obfuscation appears to be a stylistic or concealment choice rather than malicious activity. The code's purpose is to ensure status consistency, which it does through straightforward validation and exception raising. No signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard gRPC status validation utility with obfuscated variable names. It performs validation and conversion without malicious intent. The malware score is 0, and the security risk score is low (~0.2), consistent with the absence of malicious or risky operations. Obfuscation is present but not indicative of malicious activity. Overall, the code appears benign and appropriate for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.5,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}