{
  "purpose": "This code defines exception classes, enums, and error handling mechanisms related to SPNEGO, GSSAPI, and SSPI errors for use in a security or authentication context within a larger Python project.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the import statements, class initializations, and property methods, particularly when instantiating error classes and accessing error attributes.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks such as network connections, file writes, or system modifications. The code only constructs error messages and classes without performing harmful actions.",
  "flows": "Error handling flows from system-level errors (GSSError, WindowsError) to custom exception classes, mapping system error codes to internal error representations and generating descriptive messages.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive mapping between system error codes and internal error classes, which is standard for error handling libraries. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is detected. The class and property definitions are straightforward. There are no suspicious network operations, data leaks, or malicious behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a structured exception and error code handling module, translating system error codes into unified exception classes with descriptive messages. It relies on static mappings and class inheritance, with no evidence of data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious side-effects. The structure and logic are consistent with typical error handling libraries. The import statements are safe, and no external or network interactions are embedded. The property and class implementations follow standard patterns, with no signs of obfuscation or hidden malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured error handling module related to SPNEGO, GSSAPI, and SSPI error management. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious payloads. It appears to be a legitimate part of a security/authentication library, focused on error classification and messaging.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}