{
  "purpose": "This code defines exception classes, error codes, feature flags, and platform-specific error handling for a Python package related to SPNEGO (Simple and Protected GSSAPI Negotiation Mechanism), primarily used for authentication protocols like Kerberos and NTLM.",
  "sources": "The code reads system errors (GSSError, WindowsError), error codes, and flags from imports, class attributes, and function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include exception handling and error reporting via class attributes and messages, but there are no direct data leaks or external data outputs.",
  "flows": "The flow involves capturing system error codes, mapping them to internal error classes, and generating error messages based on exceptions or error codes. It also involves platform-specific error handling and feature flag configurations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. The error handling and mapping mechanisms are standard for cross-platform error management. The code includes comprehensive error class definitions and error code mappings but no signs of obfuscation, malicious activity, or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically defines custom exceptions, feature flags, and error code mappings for a security/authentication context. It imports system-specific errors and safely maps error codes from these system errors to internal error classes. The error classes generate messages based on provided system errors or internal error codes. The class structure and error handling logic are conventional and do not exhibit malicious behaviors or anomalies. There are no external data transmissions, network operations, or other suspicious activities. The code appears to be part of a security-focused library that ensures cross-platform error management for GSSAPI/SSPI mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured error handling module for a Python security/authentication package. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. The implementation follows standard practices for error mapping and exception management. Overall, it appears safe with no security risks or malware indications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}