{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom exception classes, error codes, and flags related to SPNEGO (Simple and Protected GSSAPI Negotiation Mechanism) and system-specific error handling for Kerberos, GSSAPI, and Windows SSPI platforms. It appears to facilitate error reporting, error mapping, and feature flag management for a security/authentication library.",
  "sources": "Imports standard modules (enum, typing); conditionally imports gssapi.raw.GSSError; sets exceptions for import failures; defines error classes and enums with static attributes and class variables.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data inputs or outputs are present; error messages and exception handling do not include external data or untrusted sources.",
  "flows": "The code maps system error codes to internal error classes and generates error messages based on system errors or error codes, but it does not process or transmit external or untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior observed. The code is mostly static class definitions, error mappings, and feature flags. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activities. The use of class-level mappings and properties is standard for error handling modules.",
  "analysis": "The code defines error classes, flags, and error code mappings related to GSSAPI and SSPI systems. It includes dynamic error class creation via a registry metaclass that maps system error codes to internal exceptions, but this is a common pattern in error handling libraries. There are no code injections, network operations, or data leaks. The code is focused on error management and feature flags for security protocols. No malicious behavior or sabotage elements are detected. The import failure fallback for GSSError and WindowsError ensures compatibility, but it does not introduce vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured implementation of error classes and feature flags for a security/authentication library. It contains no malicious behaviors, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. It functions solely as an error handling and mapping utility without any external data processing or network activities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}