{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for SQL query formatting, escaping, and unload command generation with dynamic paths. No malicious behavior or vulnerabilities are detected.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for formatting functions, operation strings, parameters dictionary, UUID and date generation in wrap_unload.",
  "sinks": "String interpolation in 'operation % kwargs' which could potentially lead to injection if parameters are untrusted; no other sinks identified.",
  "flows": "Parameters are formatted via get functions and then interpolated into operation strings; escape functions are used to mitigate injection risk.",
  "anomalies": "Use of string interpolation ('operation % kwargs') could be risky if parameters are untrusted, but escape functions and type checks are employed to mitigate this.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard utility for SQL query and unload command formatting, employing escaping functions (_escape_presto, _escape_hive) and type-specific formatters. It generates unload URIs with UUIDs and current date, which are standard practices. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The main potential risk is SQL injection via string interpolation, but the code mitigates this through escaping and type validation. The malware score is correctly 0, as no malicious activity is evident. The obfuscation score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The security risk score is slightly higher (around 0.2-0.3) due to the pattern of string interpolation, but mitigated by escaping functions and type checks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, standard utility for SQL formatting with proper mitigation against injection risks. No malware or obfuscation is present. The potential for injection exists if parameters are malicious and unescaped, but current safeguards are adequate. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate and consistent with the code's behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}