{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and classes for formatting SQL queries and parameters, including mechanisms for escaping strings, formatting various data types, and wrapping unload operations for Athena queries.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for SQL query formatting and string escaping functions.",
  "sinks": "Formatted SQL query strings which could potentially be executed in a database context. No direct data leaks or network transmissions are present within this code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are taken from the 'parameters' dictionary, formatted using type-specific functions, and injected into SQL query strings via string interpolation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual code constructs observed. The 'wrap_unload' function dynamically generates a location string with UUID and date, which is standard for temporary storage. The use of 'textwrap.dedent' and string formatting is typical and safe here.",
  "analysis": "The code provides formatting functions for SQL query parameters, including escaping strings for Presto and Hive, formatting dates, datetimes, booleans, and sequences. The 'Formatter' class manages mappings of types to formatting functions. The 'DefaultParameterFormatter' class formats entire SQL operations with parameters, choosing escape methods based on the operation type. No network operations, system modifications, or hidden behaviors are present. The code appears to be a legitimate utility for safe SQL query construction, with standard escaping to prevent injection issues. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or harmful code. The dynamic string formatting with '%'-style substitution could be risky if untrusted input is passed directly into the SQL string, but the code properly escapes and formats parameters, reducing this risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for SQL query parameter formatting with no signs of malicious behavior. It focuses on safe string escaping and flexible formatting, with no network or system-impacting operations. Overall, it appears safe and aligned with best practices for SQL string handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}