{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define module imports and export a set of classes and constants related to legal or parliamentary documents, likely for a larger application handling structured legislative data.",
  "sources": "The code reads from local modules within the package (indicated by relative imports like .akn, .amendment, etc.), and assigns a string to a variable (TBoTCCRXxNiFwWGczjocpTvcHfHeOwIs).",
  "sinks": "No external sinks or network operations are present. The only notable operation is assigning a string to a variable.",
  "flows": "The code does not process untrusted data; it primarily imports modules and sets a constant string, with no data flow from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of heavily obfuscated import names (e.g., WEKwGPfjbbwofBEeOabCsFEkRhnHBgLS) and a variable with a seemingly random string value. The import names are cryptic and could suggest obfuscation, but they are simply module names. No code execution, dynamic imports, or malicious patterns are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code imports numerous modules with non-descriptive names, which might be a form of obfuscation or a pattern used to avoid easy inspection. However, these are static import statements without any dynamic execution. The only other operation is assigning a version string to a variable. There are no network operations, data leaks, or code injections. The lack of complex logic, user input handling, or external interactions indicates no malicious intent. The obfuscated import names alone do not constitute malicious behavior but could be a red flag for obfuscation. Overall, the code is straightforward, serving as an interface or module initializer with no evidence of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a module that imports other components and exports a list of symbols. There are no signs of malicious intent, suspicious behavior, or security risks. The unusual import names are likely obfuscation or design choices rather than malicious indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}