{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebSocket-based server protocol for real-time communication, including RPC methods for state management and lifecycle events, within a larger framework (likely for a web application).",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables, file input for authentication token, and inspect module for method introspection.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe use of environment variables, file input, and dynamic method introspection; no direct data leaks or harmful system modifications are observed.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and file input influence authentication token; inspect module reads methods which are stored in rpcMethods; RPC methods invoke server-side functions and push state/actions, but do not perform external data transmission or system modifications.",
  "anomalies": "Use of static authentication token; dynamic retrieval of RPC methods via inspection could be misused if protocol objects are maliciously manipulated. No hardcoded secrets other than the token; no suspicious network activity, backdoors, or obfuscated code. No malicious code or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages WebSocket server setup, RPC registration, and state synchronization. It uses static and configurable tokens for authentication, with token secrets possibly loaded from a file. The inspection module dynamically discovers RPC methods, which could be risky if protocol objects are malicious, but this is a common pattern in dynamic RPC registration. No evidence of data exfiltration, remote code execution, or system sabotage was observed. Environment variables are used for configuration but are not malicious. The code does not include any suspicious network connections, code injection, or malicious system modifications. Overall, the code appears to be a standard server protocol implementation with configurable authentication and dynamic RPC registration.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard implementation of a WebSocket server with dynamic RPC registration and state management. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware indications. The only minor concern is the dynamic inspection for RPC methods, which could be misused if the protocol objects are compromised, but this is typical for such frameworks. No evidence of supply chain or malicious sabotage was found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}