{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to retrieve Docker image metadata from a registry, specifically the image name, digest, and TLS verification settings, using Pulumi infrastructure as code.",
  "sources": "Input parameters `insecure_skip_verify` and `name` from function arguments; internal Pulumi invoke calls retrieving data from 'docker:index/getRegistryImage'.",
  "sinks": "Pulumi's `invoke` and `invoke_output` functions process and possibly expose the retrieved registry image data; no external or untrusted data flows to system calls or network outside the Pulumi context.",
  "flows": "User-provided image name and verification flag are passed into `get_registry_image` functions, which invoke Pulumi's internal methods to fetch registry data, returning structured results; no untrusted data is directly written or transmitted outside the Pulumi framework.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious constructs are present. The code is generated by Pulumi's Terraform bridge, indicated by the warning comment. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution detected. No unusual or suspicious patterns found.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly adheres to Pulumi's standards for infrastructure code, fetching Docker image metadata through well-defined invoke methods. The parameters are simple and well-documented. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or backdoors. The generated code is typical for Pulumi's SDK and does not contain any suspicious or malicious patterns. The initial warning confirms the file is auto-generated, reducing concerns of intentional sabotage. The functions are straightforward, with no external data leakage or malicious flows detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Pulumi SDK-generated module for fetching Docker registry image metadata. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. The security risks are negligible, with no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}