{
  "purpose": "This code implements a standard Google Cloud AutoML Prediction client library, handling credentials, environment variables, transport setup, and request execution in accordance with best practices. It provides methods for resource path management, environment-based configuration, and API interaction.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (e.g., GOOGLE_API_USE_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE, GOOGLE_API_USE_MTLS_ENDPOINT, GOOGLE_CLOUD_UNIVERSE_DOMAIN), request parameters (name, payload, config), credential objects, and transport initialization points.",
  "sinks": "Network calls to Google Cloud endpoints via RPC, data flow from SDK inputs to API requests, and error handling that may include credential info in debug/error details.",
  "flows": "Input sources (environment variables, method arguments, credentials) influence transport setup and request parameters, which then flow through RPC calls to Google Cloud services. Error handling may include credential info appending, but no malicious data exfiltration occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, obfuscation, or backdoors detected. Credential info appended to error details is a debugging pattern, not malicious. Environment variables are used for configuration, which is standard but could be misused if environment is compromised.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical, auto-generated SDK for Google Cloud AutoML Prediction API. It manages credentials securely, uses environment variables for flexible configuration, and performs network requests to trusted Google endpoints. No signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or data leaks are present. The environment variable handling and request patterns follow industry standards. The credential info appended to error details is a debugging aid, not malicious. The transport setup and resource path functions are standard. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the security risk score is very low (~0.1-0.2), reflecting normal SDK behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate, well-structured Google Cloud client SDK for AutoML Prediction. It contains no malicious, obfuscated, or suspicious elements. The low security risk score aligns with standard SDK practices, and there is no evidence of supply chain sabotage or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}