{
  "purpose": "The code provides a client library for interacting with Google Cloud's AutoML Prediction API, enabling users to perform online and batch predictions with various models.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (e.g., GOOGLE_API_USE_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE, GOOGLE_API_USE_MTLS_ENDPOINT, GOOGLE_CLOUD_UNIVERSE_DOMAIN), and user-supplied parameters such as credentials, transport, and configuration options. It also accesses attributes of the transport and credentials objects.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data to external systems, files, or network endpoints directly. It constructs request objects, performs API calls via transport, and processes responses.",
  "flows": "Environment variables determine whether to use mTLS endpoints and client certificates; credentials are obtained from service account info/files or environment; these credentials and configuration options influence the API endpoint and transport used; predict and batch_predict methods send requests over the transport, including metadata headers with resource identifiers.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard Google Cloud client library with environment-based configuration. No suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. There are comprehensive validation and error handling mechanisms. The code relies on external Google libraries and does not contain obfuscated or dynamically executed code. No network calls or data exfiltration code is present.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes a Google Cloud prediction client with flexible configuration options, environment variable checks, and support for mutual TLS. It contains methods for constructing resource paths, parsing paths, and handling credentials. The environment variable handling and endpoint selection are consistent with standard practices for secure API client configuration. The predict and batch_predict methods prepare requests, add proper metadata, and invoke transport methods. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior. The code is structured and appears to be auto-generated, serving as a client SDK without any hidden or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical auto-generated client library for Google Cloud AutoML Prediction API, with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It handles configuration, credentials, and transport setup securely and as expected. Overall, it is safe and does not pose a supply chain threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}