{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive static analysis tool for Python source files, specifically focusing on type annotations, import usage, and scope resolution. It supports features like import mapping, scope management, and detection of type-checking related issues, to facilitate enforcing coding standards and identifying potential issues in type hinting and import practices.",
  "sources": "The code reads input primarily through AST nodes during traversal, such as import statements, function and class definitions, annotations, constants, and scope-related nodes. It also reads module-level information such as the presence of __all__ and futures annotations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the evaluation of string annotations, the inspection of scope and import resolution, and the parsing of string literals that could potentially execute or leak data if misused. However, the code does not execute or interpret data beyond static AST analysis. It does not contain code injection or data leakage mechanisms.",
  "flows": "The flow involves collecting import and scope information (sources), resolving names and annotations (via methods like lookup_full_name and visit methods), and flagging issues related to unused imports, misused annotations, or scope anomalies (sinks). The flow is static and limited to AST traversal, with no runtime code execution or external data injection.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs complex scope and import mapping with mechanisms like caching and dynamic scope creation. There are no evident hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code. The logic for handling annotations, scope, and import resolution appears legitimate. No obfuscated code features such as encrypted strings, dynamic code evaluation, or misleading variable names are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a sophisticated static analysis tool that traverses Python AST to identify issues related to import usage, scope, annotations, and type hinting practices. It defines multiple mixins and visitor classes to handle specific features, including scope management, import mapping, and annotation parsing. All logic is based on static AST inspection; no code execution or external resource manipulation occurs. The code is well-structured, with no signs of malicious behaviors like data theft, system modification, or network activity. It operates solely within the static analysis domain, with checks and warnings aligned with enforcing type safety and import hygiene.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate static analysis tool designed for code quality and type safety enforcement. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms. The logic is consistent with security and code quality goals, with no signs of malware or harmful activity. Its purpose is to aid developers in maintaining proper import and annotation practices without executing or manipulating runtime data.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 2
}