{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate C++ API wrapper code from input header files, likely to facilitate interaction with a trading or financial API.",
  "sources": "Reads input from a file specified by 'filename' parameter; dynamically imports modules based on 'prefix'; uses importlib to load modules; reads class and function definitions from header files.",
  "sinks": "Writes generated code to multiple header and source files; uses open() with write mode; performs dynamic code generation based on input data; no apparent data leaks or malicious data exfiltration points.",
  "flows": "Reads input file -> processes lines -> generates code snippets -> writes to multiple output files; dynamically imports modules and reads their attributes -> generates code accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected; the code performs structured code generation based on input header files; no obfuscated or unusual language constructs; uses dynamic module import but in a controlled manner.",
  "analysis": "The code is a code generation tool that processes C++ header files to produce C++ source and header files. It uses importlib to load modules named based on the 'prefix' parameter, which could be exploited if the module names are user-controlled. However, the module name is constructed from class variables, not user input. The code performs file operations with open() and write(), but all file paths are generated from internal variables, with no user input directly influencing filenames or code content. There is no evidence of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior. The dynamic import of modules may pose a minor risk if the module names are influenced by untrusted sources, but in the current context, it seems controlled. The code does not contain any network activity, cryptomining, backdoors, or data theft mechanisms. Overall, this is a legitimate code generation script with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a structured code generator for C++ API wrappers, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. The only minor concern is the use of dynamic import, which appears controlled by internal variables. There are no signs of malware, data leaks, or malicious sabotage. Overall, the code is safe and purpose-driven.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}