{
  "purpose": "This code generates C++ API wrapper files based on input header files, automating code creation for callback and request handling.",
  "sources": "Reads input from specified header files (e.g., ../include/rohon/ThostFtdcMdApi.h), environment variables (not used here), and internally generated strings.",
  "sinks": "Writes generated code into multiple header and source files; potential injection if input headers are malicious.",
  "flows": "Header files are read; data is processed to generate code snippets; output files are written with generated code; execution flow is driven by the run() method and process_line().",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic importlib to load modules based on header-derived module names, which could be manipulated to load malicious modules if inputs are malicious. The code replaces lines and processes string data without validation, but this is standard for code generation scripts. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a code generator that reads API header files and produces corresponding C++ wrapper code for callbacks and requests. It uses importlib.import_module to dynamically load modules based on the prefix and a suffix, which could be a vector for malicious module loading if input is compromised. However, there is no evidence of code injection, network activity, or data exfiltration. The code primarily manipulates string data and writes to files. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are present. The dynamic import is the only potential concern, but within a controlled environment, this is a standard pattern. No malicious intent or malware signatures are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard code generation utility for API wrappers, with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. The dynamic module import warrants caution if inputs are untrusted, but in the given context, it is typical for such tools. No malware or obfuscation detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}