{
  "purpose": "This code provides a collection of regex patterns for URI validation based on RFC standards, enabling pattern matching for URIs, URI references, and absolute URIs.",
  "sources": "Regex pattern definitions, including functions is_uri, is_uri_reference, and is_absolute_uri that perform pattern matching on input URIs.",
  "sinks": "The functions that accept input 'uri' and perform re.match on the regex patterns; these are potential sinks if inputs are untrusted.",
  "flows": "Input URI -> re.match functions -> match result indicating validity.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains only regex pattern definitions and simple matching functions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. No use of dynamic code execution or obfuscated code. No suspicious network or file operations. The code relies solely on regex matching for validation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple regex patterns derived from RFC standards to validate various parts of a URI. It constructs complex regex strings for components like scheme, host, authority, path, query, and fragment, and combines them into full URI patterns. Functions are provided to match input strings against these patterns. The regex definitions are static and based on formal specifications; no external data or environment variables are accessed. No malicious code, data leakage, or suspicious behavior is present. The functions are straightforward wrappers around re.match, which poses minimal security risk. Since the code only performs pattern matching, it does not execute or evaluate untrusted input beyond regex evaluation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of RFC-based URI validation using regex. It performs no malicious actions, contains no hidden backdoors, and does not exhibit obfuscation or malware behavior. It is safe from a supply chain security perspective. The only potential concern is the exposure of these functions to untrusted input, but as long as the regex validation is used appropriately, there is no security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}