{
  "purpose": "The code defines complex regular expressions to parse and validate various components of URIs according to RFC standards, including schemes, authorities, paths, queries, and fragments.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input directly; it only defines patterns and functions for URI validation. No external data sources or user inputs are processed within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks such as network connections, file writes, or execution of untrusted data. The functions only perform regex matching without executing or transmitting data.",
  "flows": "Since the code only provides pattern definitions and simple match functions, there are no data flows from sources to sinks. The validation functions could be used in larger applications to validate input data, but no such flows are present here.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code is purely pattern-based and adheres to standard URI syntax definitions. No obfuscated code or malicious constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically constructs regex patterns for URI components based on RFC specifications. It imports 're' for regex matching and defines multiple pattern strings for components such as scheme, authority, path, query, and fragment. Functions provided are simple wrappers around 're.match' for validation purposes. There is no dynamic code execution, obfuscated constructs, or data exfiltration mechanisms. Overall, the code serves as a URI validation utility without any signs of malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of URI validation patterns based on RFC standards. It contains no malicious or suspicious behavior. It is safe and intended for URI parsing and validation within larger applications. No security risks or malware are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}