{
  "purpose": "This script automates the process of building WebAssembly bindings for the 'blst' cryptographic library, performing environment checks, cloning source code, generating code, and compiling modules. Its primary goal is to facilitate cryptographic operations in a web environment.",
  "sources": "Cloning from the local directory '/blst', reading environment variables, executing subprocess commands for building, and regex-based renaming of variables in generated code.",
  "sinks": "Execution of subprocess commands that invoke Docker and emcc, regex-based renaming which could obscure malicious code, and dynamic code generation that could be manipulated if sources are compromised.",
  "flows": "Source inputs include the local '/blst' directory and environment variables; these influence subprocess commands and code generation; renaming regex modifies variable identifiers in generated code; the build process outputs WebAssembly modules and JavaScript bindings.",
  "anomalies": "Cloning from an unverified local directory '/blst', dynamic renaming of variables via regex, and reliance on external tools without source validation. These could be exploited to hide malicious code or introduce vulnerabilities if the environment is compromised.",
  "analysis": "The code performs environment validation, cloning, code generation, and compilation steps typical of build scripts. No network activity, data exfiltration, or embedded malicious payloads are evident. The regex-based renaming could be used to obfuscate malicious code but appears intended for legitimate code organization or obfuscation. Cloning from '/blst' without verification is suspicious but not malicious per se. External commands are standard in build processes but could be exploited if the environment is compromised. Overall, the script's purpose aligns with legitimate build automation, and no malicious behavior is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard build automation tool for cryptographic WebAssembly bindings, with some obfuscation and environment-dependent behaviors. There is no evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious payloads. The primary concern is the cloning from an unverified local source, which could be risky if the source is compromised, but in a trusted environment, this is acceptable. The obfuscation techniques are typical for build scripts and do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}