{
  "purpose": "Load environment variables from a .env file and retrieve specific credentials (EMAIL, EMAIL_PASSWORD, PASSWORD, USERNAME) via obfuscated functions.",
  "sources": "os.getenv() calls within functions after dotenv.load_dotenv() loads environment variables from a specified env file.",
  "sinks": "os.getenv() retrieves environment variables; no data leaks, network activity, or malicious data handling observed.",
  "flows": "dotenv.load_dotenv() loads environment variables; functions access these variables via os.getenv(), returning credentials.",
  "anomalies": "Repeated calls to dotenv.load_dotenv() in each function; obfuscated variable and function names; typo in exception message referencing undefined variables.",
  "analysis": "The code loads environment variables for credentials using obfuscated names, with redundant dotenv.load_dotenv() calls, which are inefficient but not malicious. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious payloads are present. The obfuscation could be an attempt to conceal intent but does not inherently indicate malicious activity. The typo in the exception message suggests carelessness rather than malicious intent. The malware score should be zero, as no malicious behavior is evident. The security risk score remains low (~0.2), consistent with standard credential handling. Obfuscation scores are moderate (~0.5), reflecting the obfuscated naming but not maliciousness. Overall, the code appears benign, with obfuscation being the main concern, which warrants cautious review but does not constitute malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign environment variable loader with obfuscated identifiers. No evidence of malware, malicious payloads, or malicious behavior is present. The obfuscation alone does not justify a high malware or risk score. The existing scores are appropriate: malware score of 0, obfuscation around 0.5, and low risk (~0.2). The code should be refactored for clarity and efficiency, but it does not pose a security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}