{
  "purpose": "This code provides various algorithms to calculate color difference metrics, mainly for color comparison in image processing or graphics applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input or data; it uses function parameters for color components (likely expected to be objects or tuples with numeric attributes). No external data sources or input streams are present.",
  "sinks": "There are no data sinks such as network connections, file writes, or system calls that could leak or exfiltrate data. The functions perform calculations and return numeric results without side effects.",
  "flows": "The functions take color objects or tuples as sources, process their components, and return numeric values representing color differences; there are no data flows to external systems or side-effect causing operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward mathematical functions with standard implementation of color difference formulas. No hardcoded secrets, unusual code patterns, or suspicious behavior are present. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or hidden backdoors are detected. The code contains only well-documented mathematical computations relevant to color difference calculations.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard mathematical functions and defines multiple functions for color difference calculations based on well-known algorithms such as Euclidean, CIE 1976, CIE 1994, and CIEDE 2000. The functions accept color parameters, compute differences, and return numeric results. No external input/output, network operations, or system modifications are involved. The logic is consistent with established color difference formulas, and no anomalies or malicious patterns are detected. The implementation is transparent and solely focused on color difference computations.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a legitimate implementation of color difference algorithms without any malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be part of a color processing library intended for computational use, with no indications of sabotage, data exfiltration, or malicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}