{
  "purpose": "The code defines a framework for creating and handling 'tools' or utilities, including decorators for wrapping functions as tools, extracting parameter info, generating JSON schemas, and serializing tools for API use. It is designed for integration with OpenAI's Function Calling API.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters, function docstrings, and type hints.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include the use of eval-like patterns in type schema generation, but the code does not execute untrusted input directly. No network or file I/O is performed; no sensitive data is accessed or transmitted.",
  "flows": "Function parameters and docstrings are parsed as sources; data flows into parameter objects; these are then used to build OpenAI tool specifications. No external data or user inputs are directly processed at runtime beyond function invocation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or obfuscation detected. The code is well-structured, employs standard library features, and uses pydantic models responsibly. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The only potential concern is the use of get_type_hints and get_origin/get_args for type introspection, which is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a framework for defining, documenting, and serializing tools. It extracts parameter info from function signatures and docstrings, converts type annotations into JSON schema, and prepares tool descriptions compatible with OpenAI's Function Calling API. The code employs standard libraries, including inspect and re, and uses pydantic models for schema generation. There are no network calls, no dynamic code execution from untrusted sources, and no suspicious behaviors. It appears to be a legitimate utility for managing API tools with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, legitimate framework for defining and serializing tools for API integration. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. It employs standard practices and libraries, with no indication of obfuscated or harmful code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}