{
  "purpose": "The code provides custom Django template tags and nodes for retrieving static and media URL prefixes, and static file URLs, mainly to be used within Django templates.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from Django settings (e.g., STATIC_URL, MEDIA_URL), template tags parsing tokens, and template context data.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs URLs using Django static file storage or URL joining functions, which could potentially be exploited if malicious input is used as static file paths or prefixes.",
  "flows": "Input tokens from templates are parsed, potentially containing user-influenced paths or variable names. These are resolved through template filter compilation and then used in URL construction, mainly via handle_simple methods. These constructed URLs are then output or stored in context variables.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are present. The code performs standard operations for static/media URL handling. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration routines are found. The only dynamic aspect is URL composition based on template variables, which is typical in Django template tags.",
  "analysis": "The code defines custom Django template tags for retrieving static and media URL prefixes and static file URLs. It uses standard Django mechanisms such as staticfiles_storage and urljoin. It handles token parsing carefully and raises appropriate exceptions for invalid syntax. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior. All data used in URL formation originates from safe configuration or template variables intended for static paths, with no external or untrusted data sources involved. The code is well-structured, with proper validation and standard Django practices. No obfuscation, suspicious functions, or hidden behaviors are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of custom Django template tags for static/media URL handling. It does not contain any malicious or suspicious features. The logic follows expected patterns for such functionality, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}