{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions for handling Arrow tables, extracting partitions from file paths, ensuring DataFrame mutability, applying timezone conversions, and converting between pandas DataFrames and PyArrow tables, primarily for data processing workflows involving AWS Wrangler and PyArrow.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters such as file paths, pandas DataFrames, and schema metadata. No external untrusted sources are directly read or executed.",
  "sinks": "Transforms data in DataFrames and Arrow tables, applies timezone conversions, and potentially modifies schema columns. No direct data leakage or sensitive info exfiltration is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through functions that modify or annotate DataFrames and Arrow tables, with no external data transmission or execution of untrusted code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. The code uses standard libraries and methods for data manipulation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on parsing file paths for partition extraction, manipulating Arrow tables and pandas DataFrames, and applying timezone conversions based on metadata. All operations are standard data processing routines. No dynamic code execution, external network communication, or hidden malicious behavior is observed. The use of 'json.loads' on schema metadata is a typical pattern and does not pose a risk. The functions ensure data mutability and handle schema updates safely. No suspicious functions or behaviors are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard utility module for data handling with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It does not contain malware or supply chain attack vectors. It follows typical patterns for data manipulation in PyArrow and pandas, with no indications of obfuscation or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}