{
  "purpose": "The code appears to perform data analysis, model predictions, and plotting related to solar activity indices (f107) and spectral data, primarily for scientific or research purposes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from CSV files (e.g., 'clear_data/clear_data_avg.csv', 'grouped_ssi_190cols.csv', 'clear_data_no_intervals.csv', etc.), and some data is taken from user input or model predictions (e.g., 'seuv.predict(100)').",
  "sinks": "Model predictions and print statements suggest data output; plotting functions generate visualizations; no evident data leaks or data exfiltration points; no external network communication is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from CSV file reads into dataframes, then through analysis steps or model predictions, with some outputs printed or plotted. There are no external data sinks or network transmissions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains numerous commented-out sections, which seem typical for exploratory data analysis but could hide malicious code. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious URLs are present. The presence of multiple data processing steps and model predictions do not inherently indicate malicious intent. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script performs multiple data loading, cleaning, and statistical analysis operations, primarily for scientific purposes. The only active line involving external libraries is 'seuv = Seuvmv0()' and a simple prediction print, which seem benign. No network activity, file writing, or suspicious code patterns are detected. Commented-out sections could be used to hide malicious code, but none is evident here. Overall, the code appears to be standard data analysis with scientific modeling, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily scientific data processing and modeling with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It does not perform any network communication, data exfiltration, or system damage. Commented sections do not contain malicious code, and active code appears benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}