{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be for scientific and data analysis purposes, involving solar activity modeling, spectral data processing, and plotting. It utilizes external models, data reading, and plotting libraries.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from CSV files (e.g., 'clear_data/clear_data_avg.csv', 'grouped_ssi_190cols.csv', 'clear_data_no_intervals.csv', etc.), and models are instantiated from imported classes. The code also takes user input via 'print' statements and function calls.",
  "sinks": "Output is mainly via 'print' statements and plotting functions ('plt.semilogy', 'plt.scatter', 'plt.plot', 'plt.show'). No data is directly sent over the network or written to sensitive locations. No untrusted data handling or external command execution is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from CSV files into pandas DataFrames, then is processed and analyzed (grouped, averaged, modeled), with results visualized via matplotlib. User interactions are limited to console outputs. No external data sinks or command executions are detected.",
  "anomalies": "Most code is commented out; active code only instantiates a model object ('seuv = Seuvmv0()') and performs a single 'predict' call, with no suspicious or unusual code structures. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated or dynamic code execution detected. There are no signs of malicious backdoors, data theft, or network activity.",
  "analysis": "The script mainly involves importing data, performing modeling and statistical analysis, and plotting. The only active operational code instantiates a model ('Seuvmv0') and prints its prediction for an input (100). All data inputs are CSV files, and outputs are via console and plots. The commented sections suggest data processing pipelines but do not execute malicious actions. No dangerous functions or behaviors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate scientific data analysis script with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. Its functionality is limited to data handling, modeling, and visualization. No suspicious or malicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}