{
  "purpose": "The code implements a fuzzy logic reasoning system with classes for membership functions, fuzzy sets, rules, and inference mechanisms, aimed at fuzzy inference and surface plotting.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include method parameters for points, variables, and rule antecedents/consequents; data is read via function arguments and object attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include plotting functions (seaborn, matplotlib), and evaluate methods that process variables and rules. No clear data leaks or external network calls are observed.",
  "flows": "Input data (points, variable values, rules) flow into class methods, especially 'evaluate' in FuzzyRule, and 'evaluate_rules' in FuzzyReasoner; results are used for plotting or returned as output.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior detected. The code uses standard libraries; no hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors are present. No dynamic code execution or external network activity is observed.",
  "analysis": "The script defines classes for fuzzy logic components, with methods for interpolation, rule evaluation, and plotting. It handles data input via parameters and class attributes. The functions perform standard fuzzy inference operations, with no signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or code injection. External libraries like numpy, scipy, seaborn, and matplotlib are used for numerical computation and visualization, which are typical in such applications. The code structure is straightforward, with input flows from method arguments and class properties to output results or plots. No anomalous data handling, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious behaviors are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a fuzzy inference system with visualization capabilities. There are no indications of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. The code's purpose is consistent with fuzzy reasoning tasks, and it employs common libraries without obfuscation or backdoors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}