{
  "purpose": "This code implements a fuzzy logic inference system for reasoning and visualization purposes, utilizing classes for membership functions, fuzzy sets, rules, and reasoning mechanisms.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via method parameters (e.g., get_value(v), set_variable(name, value)), and internal data structures (arrays, class attributes). No external untrusted data sources or file/network inputs are evident.",
  "sinks": "No external data outputs, network communication, or data exfiltration points are present. The code primarily performs internal computations and visualization with matplotlib and seaborn.",
  "flows": "Input variables are processed through membership functions, evaluated via fuzzy rules, and results are aggregated for inference. Data flows from input parameters through class methods to final output dictionaries, with visualization functions displaying internal data; no external untrusted data flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "Use of exit() calls for error handling is unconventional and abrupt but not malicious. Import statements within methods (e.g., seaborn, scipy) are standard. No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or dynamic code execution patterns are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward fuzzy inference system with standard libraries. It performs input validation, membership evaluation, rule evaluation, and visualization. No suspicious patterns such as network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious code are present. The use of exit() for error handling is noted but does not indicate malicious intent. The code is transparent, well-structured, and free of obfuscation or covert behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard implementation of fuzzy logic reasoning with no signs of malicious activity, sabotage, or supply chain compromise. The security risk is minimal, and the malware likelihood is zero. The low risk score (~0.2) due to abrupt error handling is appropriate but could be improved with exception handling for robustness.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}