{
  "purpose": "This code implements a fuzzy logic reasoning system with classes for fuzzy sets, membership functions, fuzzy rules, and a fuzzy reasoner, primarily intended for fuzzy inference and visualization.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through class methods such as get_values() and set_variable(). It also reads data from user-defined points in fuzzy sets and from function arguments, but no external untrusted input sources are explicitly used.",
  "sinks": "The code performs plotting with seaborn, matplotlib, and mpl_toolkits, and includes evaluation of fuzzy rules and membership functions. No data sinks such as network connections, file writes, or external system calls are evident that could lead to data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into fuzzy set point definitions and variable assignments; the evaluation of rules produces output values, which are then used for plotting or inference. There are no dangerous or untrusted data flows that lead outside the process.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains multiple calls to 'exit()' with specific error codes, which can abruptly terminate the program upon detecting errors like missing parameters or insufficient points. There is no evidence of code obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or hidden behavior. The use of print statements for errors suggests debugging artifacts but not malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a fuzzy logic inference system with clear structure and documented classes. It includes error handling that terminates execution if critical data is missing, which is standard for robust scripts. The plotting functions rely on common libraries without malicious behaviors. No network operations, file manipulations, or external communications are present. The code does not contain obfuscated or suspicious code constructs. Overall, the logic appears straightforward and aligned with typical fuzzy inference systems. There are no signs of malicious activity or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of fuzzy logic reasoning, with no apparent malicious behavior or security risks. It handles inputs internally and provides visualization functions without external data leaks or harmful actions. The use of exit() on errors is typical but not suspicious. Overall, this package appears safe for use from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}