{
  "purpose": "The code provides mixins and helper functions for adding sortable (drag-and-drop reordering) capabilities to Django admin interfaces, including support for inlines and polymorphic models.",
  "sources": "User request handling, JSON body parsing in update_order method, request.GET parameters for page and ordering, environment variables for static/media files, model meta and field attributes, URL resolution via reverse().",
  "sinks": "Updating model instance order fields via bulk_update, sending signals (post_save, pre_save), database queries and updates, rendering templates with potential for malicious data, returning HTTP responses, reversing URLs for AJAX updates.",
  "flows": "Input from requests (POST/GET, JSON body) flows into methods like update_order and _bulk_move; data is used to filter and update database records; signals are sent during move operations; responses are returned; URL and template rendering use model and request data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No obfuscated code or malicious logic such as network connections, data exfiltration, or system damage present. The code relies on standard Django practices and signals, with no suspicious external calls or hidden backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of sortable admin functionality for Django, including handling of AJAX updates, moving items between pages, and inline support. It uses signals appropriately for database updates. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious external interactions. It employs safe JSON parsing, signal usage, and URL resolution. The static/media files setup is standard. Overall, it appears to be a well-structured, standard extension for Django admin with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate and well-structured implementation for sortable Django admin features. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It mainly handles database updates, UI interactions, and signals in a typical manner. No hardcoded secrets, external network calls, or obfuscated code detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}