{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Terraform resource class for managing New Relic event-to-metrics rules using CDK for Terraform (CDKTF). It includes configuration data classes, initialization, and import functionality for the resource.",
  "sources": "Data sources include input parameters for resource creation, such as 'name', 'nrql', 'account_id', 'description', 'enabled', 'id'. It also reads optional environment and configuration data via constructor parameters. No external untrusted data sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include methods that invoke internal jsii functions to create, reset, and synthesize resource attributes. No dangerous sinks like network connections, file writes, or system commands are directly present in this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor parameters into internal value dictionaries (_values). These are then used by jsii to instantiate or manipulate the resource object. No untrusted data flows into system-sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code uses standard class and method structures, with no unusual language features or misleading variable names. Type checks are standard and do not suggest malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of class definitions, data structures, and method wrappers for resource management within the CDKTF framework. It imports standard modules, performs type checks, and calls jsii functions to handle resource lifecycle. No external or runtime input processing, network communication, or file manipulation is visible. The presence of a resource class and associated configuration data is typical for infrastructure as code tools. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or system compromise.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a Terraform resource wrapper using CDKTF, with no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. It appears to be legitimate infrastructure code for managing New Relic rules. The likelihood of malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}