{
  "purpose": "Define type aliases and data structures related to time interval indexing, primarily for use in time-based data analysis or processing.",
  "sources": "No explicit sources of untrusted input; the code only defines types, constants, and a data class.",
  "sinks": "No sinks or data flows to external systems or outputs; no network, file, or environment interactions are present.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows as the code is purely declarative type and data structure definitions.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes heavily obfuscated function and variable names, which could be suspicious; usage of NewType for type aliasing is not malicious but unusual in such context. The function WmyeCNgWEyjetHPjrpKXkBqxnnkXlHYh is used to create type aliases with documentation, which is benign but somewhat unconventional. There are no explicit security risks like hardcoded credentials, data leaks, or malicious network activities. The code is static and purely definitional.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines new type aliases for time indices and intervals, using obscure function and variable names. The WmyeCNgWEyjetHPjrpKXkBqxnnkXlHYh function creates type aliases with optional documentation and metadata, which is a safe pattern for defining semantic types. There are no inputs, external data sources, or potential data sinks. The code structure is consistent and does not contain any suspicious behaviors such as code execution, network access, or data leaks. The heavy obfuscation of identifiers could be suspicious, but it may be intentional for code clarity or to avoid name collisions. Overall, this appears to be a benign, static definition of data types and structures for handling time intervals.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of type definitions and a data class for time interval handling. It uses unusual naming but does not perform any malicious or suspicious activities. There are no signs of malware, data leaks, or security risks. The obfuscation of variable names is notable but not malicious. Overall, the code seems safe and intended for use in larger data processing systems.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}