{
  "purpose": "The code appears to perform statistical analysis on domain model triplet data, computing medians, maxima, and various ratios, then printing summarized results.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the 'domain_model_triplet_dict' parameter, specifically through item iteration and nested dictionary access. Additional data is extracted from nested lists within the dictionaries.",
  "sinks": "Potential sensitive sinks include the print statements which output computed statistical metrics. No network, file, or environment variable operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input dictionary into processing functions where it is analyzed, statistical metrics are calculated, and results are printed. No data leaks or external communications are evident.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code performs standard statistical calculations and printing. The presence of print statements could be considered unusual for production security, but not malicious. The use of the print statement with unclear variables (e.g., 'domain', 'model_name', 'F1_med', 'F1_max') suggests possible incomplete or mismatched code, but no malicious activity is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions to analyze a nested dictionary structure, computing medians, maximums, ratios, and other statistical features of nested triplet data. It then prints formatted statistical summaries. There is no evidence of network activity, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The code does not contain obfuscated or suspicious constructs. The only potential concern is the print statements, which could leak information if sensitive data were present, but based on the current code, it appears to be benign analysis logic.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs statistical analysis on input data and outputs results via print statements. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The code is straightforward and does not contain obfuscation or malicious sinks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}