{
  "purpose": "This script is designed to build Python projects using PEP 517 hooks by invoking build system backends specified in pyproject.toml.",
  "sources": "The code reads from pyproject.toml file in the provided source directory, and interacts with build hooks, environment, and temporary files.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with external build hooks, installs dependencies via pip, moves files within temporary directories, and potentially executes build commands. These are controlled within the script, but the build hooks could be malicious if compromised.",
  "flows": "The script loads build system info from pyproject.toml (source), calls build hooks (sink), installs dependencies, and moves build artifacts, with flow from reading configuration to executing external build processes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Use of tempfile for build isolation is standard. The only external interaction is via pip and build hooks, which could be malicious if the hooks or build backend are compromised. No obfuscated code or unusual language features present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs project build operations: reading configuration, validating it, invoking build hooks, installing requirements, and moving build artifacts. It uses standard libraries and well-known patterns. The build hooks and dependencies could be vectors for malicious code if the sources or hooks are compromised, but the script itself does not contain malicious logic. No signs of data leakage, credential theft, or malicious network activity are present. The use of external hooks relies on trusted sources; the script itself does not introduce malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard build utility for Python projects with no embedded malicious code. Risks depend on external build hooks and environment integrity. Overall, the code appears safe with no indicators of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}