{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to build Python projects using PEP 517 hooks, handling build system configuration, dependencies, and distribution creation.",
  "sources": "File reading operations (pyproject.toml), environment variable usage (via env.pip_install), and dynamic attribute access on hooks objects.",
  "sinks": "os.path.join, shutil.move, and env.pip_install calls that could potentially be misused if inputs are maliciously crafted or manipulated.",
  "flows": "The code reads pyproject.toml from the source directory, processes the build system requirements, installs dependencies, builds distributions, and moves files to the output directory. Data flows from file input and user arguments into build processes and file system operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Usage of temporary directories is standard. No suspicious network activity or obfuscated code present. Some dynamic attribute access on hooks could be misused if hooks are compromised, but this is standard for plugin systems.",
  "analysis": "The script performs file I/O for pyproject.toml, loads build system data, and uses dynamic attribute access for build hooks. The code installs dependencies via env.pip_install, which relies on external input (the 'requires' list), but this is controlled by the build system configuration. The movement of build artifacts is straightforward. No signs of data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or backdoors are present. The code appears to be a standard build script with no malicious intent, operating within typical development and build boundaries.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build utility for Python projects with no indications of malicious behavior or malware. It performs expected operations without suspicious activity. The dynamic attribute access is typical for plugin hooks and does not indicate malicious intent. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}