{
  "purpose": "The code defines type annotations, paginator classes, and paginate methods for the greengrass service client in boto3, aiming to improve type checking and code completion support.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the sys module for Python version detection, imports from botocore.paginate for paginator base classes, and from a local type_defs module for type definitions. It also accesses the 'client' method of the boto3 Session object to create a greengrass client, which is a trusted AWS SDK function.",
  "sinks": "The only potential sink is the 'client.get_paginator' method call, which receives a string command name. This call is a standard AWS SDK method for creating paginators; no untrusted input is directly used here.",
  "flows": "The flow involves creating a boto3 session, obtaining a greengrass client, then calling 'get_paginator' with predefined string arguments. The paginator classes define 'paginate' methods that accept **kwargs, unpacked into request-specific type definitions, and return PageIterator objects. There are no data flows from untrusted sources to sinks that could lead to injection or data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains only standard type annotations, class definitions, and method wrappers for boto3 paginators. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code structures. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic execution present. The copyright year (2025) is in the future but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured set of paginator class definitions, with type annotations, designed to enhance type safety and IDE support for boto3's greengrass service. The 'paginate' methods are wrappers around the base class 'paginate' methods, with no additional logic or data manipulation. All imports and class inheritance follow standard patterns. The use of 'Unpack' and conditional imports for Python versions >= 3.12 is consistent with best practices. There is no indication of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or security risks. The only interaction with external libraries is through well-known SDK functions and type definitions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, non-malicious module intended for type annotations and paginator class definitions for boto3's greengrass service. It does not exhibit any signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}