{
  "purpose": "Utility methods for marshmallow, including data parsing, type checking, and value extraction functions.",
  "sources": "Various functions read data from input parameters such as strings, datetime objects, and dictionaries; some functions parse date/time strings or extract data from collections or objects.",
  "sinks": "Functions like from_iso_datetime, from_timestamp, from_iso_time, from_iso_date, and timestamp_ms perform data conversions and return datetime or numerical values. The get_value and set_value functions access or modify data structures based on untrusted input. No direct data leakage or system modification is evident.",
  "flows": "Input strings (date/time formats) flow through parsing functions to produce datetime objects; data from collections or objects flow through accessor functions to produce values; these values are returned or used in further calculations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior is detected. Usage of warnings for deprecation is standard, and no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. The code relies on standard library functions and marshmallow modules without obfuscation or hidden behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions for handling data types, datetime parsing, data extraction, and validation. It uses standard Python libraries and marshmallow components. No external or suspicious calls, network activities, or system modifications are present. The functions are straightforward, intended for data manipulation and validation, and do not contain malicious code or behaviors. The warning about deprecated pprint is benign and related to future library changes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of utility functions for data handling within marshmallow, with no indications of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It performs safe data parsing, extraction, and validation. There are no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}