{
  "purpose": "Wrapper functions for parsing and evaluating JMESPath expressions, with obfuscated naming.",
  "sources": "Expression input to compile() and SKkzpRZoCpmNBPOvIrbrdFcAYytDKVcD(), data passed to the latter.",
  "sinks": "The method call on the parse result (which is suspicious), potentially leading to unintended behavior if misused.",
  "flows": "Expression parsed by parser.Parser().parse(expression), then method SKkzpRZoCpmNBPOvIrbrdFcAYytDKVcD() invoked on parse result with data and options.",
  "anomalies": "Use of parse() result with a method named identically to the obfuscated function, which is atypical and suggests obfuscation or misimplementation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a wrapper around jmespath parsing functions. The parse() method returns a syntax tree, which normally does not have methods like SKkzpRZoCpmNBPOvIrbrdFcAYytDKVcD. The invocation of such a method indicates either obfuscation, misuse of the API, or incomplete code. No network, file, or system modification operations are present. The variable and function names are highly obfuscated, raising suspicion but not evidence of malicious intent. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious code or behavior. The obfuscation score is moderate to high, justified by the nonsensical names. The security risk score is low but acknowledges potential issues if untrusted expressions are evaluated without validation. Overall, the code appears benign but warrants caution due to obfuscation and potential misuse with untrusted input.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign-looking wrapper with suspicious naming and an unusual method call on the parse result. There is no evidence of malicious activity or payloads. The main concern is obfuscation and handling of untrusted expressions, which could pose security risks if misused. The scores assigned in the reports are consistent with this assessment.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}