{
  "purpose": "This code defines an abstract base class and several subclasses for managing video codec configurations and options, providing factory methods for creating instances with preset codecs.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from method parameters such as codec names and options passed during object creation, as well as class properties.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points include the use of properties that expose internal configurations and the return of string representations of codecs.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (codec names and options) flow into class constructors, where they are stored or processed, and then can be accessed via properties or methods that output configurations.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains hardcoded codec lists, magic numbers, and constants. The class and method names are obfuscated, but no malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. No suspicious obfuscation or malicious payloads are detected. The code is focused on configuration management.",
  "analysis": "The code defines abstract and concrete classes to handle video codec options with preset configurations. Factory static methods provide predefined codec objects. Data flows from method inputs into class properties and configuration dictionaries, which are exposed via properties. There are no signs of malicious code such as network access, data exfiltration, or execution of untrusted code. The obfuscation appears intentional but superficial, serving only naming purposes. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a configuration utility for video codecs, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It primarily manages codec options and provides factory methods for common configurations. The obfuscation of names is superficial and does not indicate malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}