{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface for the AWS Kinesis service, facilitating interaction with Kinesis streams via boto3.",
  "sources": "Imports from sys, typing, botocore modules, and local module dependencies; data input through method parameters.",
  "sinks": "Method calls that could potentially handle untrusted data, such as generate_presigned_url, add_tags_to_stream, create_stream, delete_stream, and other client methods that accept kwargs or parameters.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into API method calls; notably, generate_presigned_url uses Params, and other methods accept kwargs unpacked from type definitions. These data flows could lead to API requests or URL generation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns are present. All code primarily defines type annotations and method signatures. No obfuscated code, network connections, or file operations are evident. The license comment references a fictional year (2025) but is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code is a type-annotated client interface for AWS Kinesis, with no executable logic beyond method signatures and imports. It does not perform data processing, network calls, or contain code that could be malicious. The use of type annotations and method signatures for boto3 operations is standard practice. No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are detected. The only potential concern might be if the method generate_presigned_url is misused, but in this context, it is simply a method signature. Overall, the code serves as a type stub for documentation and IDE support.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward type stub for the AWS Kinesis client, containing no malicious behavior or security risks. It primarily defines method signatures, type annotations, and imports, with no active logic or network operations. It appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}