{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client class definition for the Kinesis Video Media service, providing a structured interface for AWS SDK interactions.",
  "sources": "Imports from sys, typing, botocore, and local type_defs module; class and method definitions.",
  "sinks": "Methods like generate_presigned_url and get_media potentially handle untrusted data inputs; generate_presigned_url constructs URLs, and get_media retrieves media content.",
  "flows": "generate_presigned_url receives parameters (ClientMethod, Params, ExpiresIn, HttpMethod) potentially from untrusted sources, returns a URL string. get_media takes flexible kwargs unpacked from GetMediaInputTypeDef, likely originating from user input or external data sources, and returns media content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors. The code primarily defines type annotations and wrapper methods for AWS SDK functionalities. The usage of dynamic kwargs and URL generation could be misused if combined with malicious inputs, but no malicious behavior or obfuscation is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code provides type annotations and a client interface for AWS Kinesis Video Media service. It includes imports, class definitions, and method signatures aligning with boto3 conventions. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are present. The generate_presigned_url method could be misused if external inputs are maliciously crafted to generate URLs pointing to malicious content, but that risk is inherent to URL presigning functions and not specific to this code. get_media returns media streams, but without implementation details, there's no indication of malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears to be standard SDK interface wrappers with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, type-annotated client interface for AWS Kinesis Video Media, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. Its functions could be misused if the inputs are malicious, but this is typical for SDK wrappers. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}