{
  "purpose": "This code provides an authentication library for interacting with Wyze's API, including token management, login, MFA handling, and HTTP request utilities.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from parameters in functions such as get_token_with_username_password, get_token_with_2fa, and during HTTP request payloads and headers. Uses class attributes for storing credentials and tokens.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data can reach HTTP request payloads, headers, or be logged via debugging statements. Sensitive fields are sanitized in logs but still exist within request bodies and headers.",
  "flows": "Input data such as username, password, MFA codes, tokens flow into login and token refresh processes via HTTP POST/GET requests. Tokens are refreshed and stored, and all HTTP responses are parsed and logged.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code structures, no hardcoded credentials beyond the imported constants, and no obfuscated code detected. Logging of sanitized data appears standard. No suspicious or malicious patterns identified in network requests or data handling.",
  "analysis": "The code handles standard OAuth-like token management, MFA flows, and HTTP requests with proper sanitization and logging. No code injection, backdoors, or malicious behavior detected. The functions focus solely on authentication, token refresh, and network communication, which are typical for such libraries. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network behaviors are present. The logging is appropriately sanitized, and all network interactions appear intended for legitimate API communication.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured API client library for Wyze's services, focusing on authentication and HTTP communication. No malicious intent or malicious code patterns are evident. It adheres to expected security practices in handling sensitive data and network operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}