{
  "purpose": "The code implements a benchmarking tool for measuring and reporting the performance of functions using wall time. It calculates statistics over multiple rounds and outputs formatted benchmark results.",
  "sources": "Inputs are received through function arguments (fn, args, kwargs), and configuration parameters (CodSpeedConfig). The code reads system clock info via get_clock_info.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs formatted benchmark results to the terminal via rich and pytest's terminalreporter, but no untrusted data is directly sent over the network or written to files. There are no apparent sinks that can lead to data leaks or system modification.",
  "flows": "Input functions and configurations are used to run benchmarks; performance data is collected, processed into statistics, stored in Benchmark objects, and then rendered in formatted tables. Results are returned as dicts for potential external use.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code primarily performs performance measurement and reporting. It uses standard libraries and common patterns for benchmarking.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data structures for benchmark configuration and statistics, runs performance measurements using perf_counter_ns, calculates statistical metrics, and reports the results via rich tables. It performs typical benchmarking steps with no suspicious or malicious logic. It uses standard Python practices and libraries without obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or external network interactions. No signs of hidden backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious modifications are present. The code's only purpose appears to be performance measurement and reporting.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate benchmarking tool that measures and reports function execution times. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The code appears to be well-structured, standard, and safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}