{
  "purpose": "This script provides the main command line interface for CodeMie Plugins, facilitating configuration, command registration, graceful shutdown, and user interaction for the plugin system.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (KEY_PLUGIN_KEY, KEY_PLUGIN_ENGINE_URI), command-line options (--plugin-key, --plugin-engine-uri, --debug), and user input via CLI commands.",
  "sinks": "Sets environment variables (KEY_PLUGIN_KEY, KEY_PLUGIN_ENGINE_URI), prints banners and help messages, calls sys.exit, and terminates processes registered via register_process.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and command-line options serve as sources; these are used to configure environment variables and internal context. Processes registered via register_process are terminated during shutdown signals or at exit. Help and banner outputs are purely informational and do not process untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically registers a global function 'register_codemie_process' to manage process cleanup, which is an unusual pattern but not inherently malicious. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code handles signals for shutdown but does not perform any network activity or data exfiltration. No obfuscated code or suspicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a CLI for the plugin system with various commands and options, providing rich help messages and graceful shutdown procedures. It manages environment variables carefully, with fallback defaults. Signal handling ensures processes are terminated cleanly. The dynamic registration of process cleanup function via setattr on builtins is unconventional but not malicious. There are no indications of data leaks, code injection, or malicious payloads. The code is primarily structural and utility-focused, with no network communications, file manipulation, or suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate CLI setup for managing plugin processes, with no signs of malicious behavior. It includes standard practices for graceful shutdown, command registration, and user interaction. No malicious code, backdoors, or malicious data handling was identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}