{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define classes and functions for managing AWS Managed Blockchain resources via AWS CloudFormation using AWS CDK. It provides data structures and stubs for resource properties and configurations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, class initializers, and property getters. These include resource configuration details, resource identifiers, and property values.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are property setters and method invocations that may propagate or utilize input data. There are no indications of data being sent over the network, written to files, or used in subprocess calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through class initializations into internal storage (_values). Property getters and setters access and modify this data. No external calls or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains only class definitions, data types, and empty function definitions. There are no actual implementations, network calls, or dynamic code execution. Function bodies are placeholders (pass), no code injection, obfuscation, or suspicious runtime behaviors are present. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is predominantly class and data structure definitions generated via jsii, with type annotations and property accessors. All functions are empty stubs, and there is no runtime logic, data processing, or external interactions. It appears to be auto-generated code scaffolding for AWS resources without any executable logic that could be malicious. No obfuscation, malicious payloads, or suspicious activity are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard set of AWS CDK resource property definitions and resource classes. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, data leaks, or network communications. The presence of only class and data structure definitions with placeholder functions indicates it is likely part of a larger framework or SDK. Overall, it poses no security threat based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}