{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of AWS CloudFormation resource classes, property data types, and related helper functions for managing AWS Managed Blockchain resources, such as Accessors, Members, and Nodes, in an IaC context.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from class constructors, function parameters, and property getters, which mostly accept and process configuration data, identifiers, and resource attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods that invoke jsii functions, which could be used to generate CloudFormation templates or interact with AWS SDKs. There are no direct network calls, file writes, or system modifications evident in the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into class instances and property setters, then into jsii invocation methods that likely serialize data into resource definitions. No untrusted external input handling or external data influence is visible.",
  "anomalies": "All functions are empty stubs with 'pass' statements, and the classes mainly contain type checks and property definitions. No actual logic, data processing, or external communication code is present. The code appears to be auto-generated or boilerplate resource definitions with no embedded malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly defines resource and property classes for AWS Managed Blockchain via jsii, with type validations and attribute accessors. No executable code, network activity, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. All functions are placeholders with no operational content, indicating either a partial implementation or auto-generated stubs. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior are detectable from the provided code. The code's structure is consistent with infrastructure-as-code resource modeling, and it does not perform any suspicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a collection of resource and property class definitions intended for AWS CDK, with no active malicious code or suspicious behaviors. It appears to be boilerplate or auto-generated resource schema code, with no signs of malware, sabotage, or malicious intent. The lack of operational logic reduces the likelihood of security risks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}