{
  "purpose": "The code is the core implementation of an MCP (likely a server or API) that initializes, loads tools, registers methods, manages SSE connections, and creates a web application using Starlette for communication and control.",
  "sources": "Data sources include configuration files (settings), tool configurations, and incoming HTTP requests for SSE and message handling.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the method calls registered via 'add_tool', HTTP request handling (requests), and SSE connection points where data streams are established.",
  "flows": "The code loads tool configurations -> initializes tools -> registers tool methods -> establishes SSE routes and handlers -> handles incoming requests and SSE connections -> communicates with tools and server components.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. The code uses standard patterns for loading tools, registering methods, and managing SSE connections. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or malicious API calls are present. Use of 'signal' for shutdown is typical. No data leakage or suspicious data handling evident.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard server core that manages tools and communication routes. It loads tools based on external configuration, registers methods, and sets up SSE endpoints for real-time communication. It does not perform any malicious operations such as network exfiltration, system modification, or backdoors. The functions for resource cleanup, logging, and signal handling are typical for server applications. The use of 'load_tool' and dynamic registration is standard, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. The code adheres to best practices for server management without any suspicious or malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate server core implementation for managing tools and SSE communication. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage elements. Overall, it appears to be a well-structured, standard server application with no suspicious or malicious features detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}