{
  "purpose": "The code implements a core server for MCP (Message Communication Protocol) handling, including loading tools, registering methods, setting up SSE communication channels, and creating a Starlette web application for handling real-time messaging.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration from settings, loads tools via load_tool(), handles HTTP requests for SSE connections and messages, and accesses client request data such as request.client.host.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks through logging client IP addresses, and untrusted data may flow into methods registered to the MCP server. However, no explicit data leaks or unsafe code are evident. No network sinks or system modification points are directly identified.",
  "flows": "Input data from client requests flows into SSE connection handlers and tool method calls; these are primarily for communication rather than malicious data flow. The code flows are for establishing connections and invoking methods, with no evidence of malicious data manipulation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code primarily handles server setup, logging, and tool registration, with standard use of signal handling and asynchronous context managers. No obfuscated code or unusual features are present. The logging of client IP addresses is standard but should be noted for privacy considerations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a server core setup that initializes tools, registers them with the MCP server, and sets up SSE endpoints for real-time messaging. It uses standard Python libraries, third-party modules, and custom modules for tool loading and message transport. Signal handlers are registered for graceful shutdown, and routing is set up for main and tool-specific SSE channels. The code does not contain any network connections to suspicious domains, nor does it perform system modifications or data exfiltration activities. All operations appear consistent with normal server-side application behavior. No malicious or suspicious activity is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard server initialization and message handling implementation for MCP, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It manages tools and SSE routes securely, with proper signal handling and logging. Overall, it presents no malicious behavior or security threats based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}