{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to load database sanitization configurations, retrieve data sanitization strategies, initialize database drivers based on URIs, and perform data sanitization operations on database tables and columns.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from YAML files (`load_config`), takes database URIs (`get_driver`), and accepts strategy names (`get_strategy`). It also reads data from the database via driver methods (`driver.tables`, `driver.columns`).",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with database drivers to perform actions like cleaning or dropping tables, and updating columns, which may lead to data modification or deletion. User-supplied strategy names and configuration data influence these actions.",
  "flows": "Source data (config files, strategy names, URIs) influences driver operations. Strategy and configuration parameters are used to determine how database columns are sanitized, potentially affecting data in the database.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious or malicious code constructs are observed. The code handles user inputs (strategy names, file paths, URIs) safely through validation. The dynamic invocation of strategies based on configuration is standard but should be validated for correctness.",
  "analysis": "The script loads a YAML configuration file for database sanitization settings, retrieves strategies dynamically, and initializes database drivers based on provided URIs. It then performs database operations such as cleaning, dropping, or updating columns. The logic appears straightforward and uses standard libraries (`yaml`, `click`, `pathlib`) and custom modules. No obfuscated code, suspicious network activity, or malicious behavior is detected. The only potential concern is the dynamic execution of strategies based on configuration data, which assumes trusted input. All data flow is limited to database operations and configuration parsing, with no evident security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical database management utility with configuration-driven sanitization operations. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. The code appears safe assuming trusted configuration inputs and standard library behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}