{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to load database sanitization configurations, select strategies, initialize database drivers, and perform sanitization tasks on database tables and columns.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the YAML configuration file (load_config), database URI strings (get_driver), and strategy names (get_strategy).",
  "sinks": "Data sinks involve database operations such as driver.clean_table, driver.drop_table, and driver.update_column, which execute database commands, and echo outputs for status updates.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from YAML file to in-memory objects; database URI and strategy names flow into driver and strategy functions; during sanitization, data flows from configuration to database modification methods.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code detected. The code handles configuration and database operations in a standard manner. No hidden or suspicious behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The code reads configuration data from a YAML file, loads it into structured objects, and then uses that data to determine how to sanitize database tables and columns via drivers. The get_driver function maps database URIs to specific driver classes based on URI scheme. The get_strategy function retrieves sanitization strategies by name, with validation. The sanitize_db function performs database modifications based on configuration, including cleaning, dropping, or updating columns. All inputs are used to control database operations with no evident manipulation of untrusted inputs that could lead to code injection or data leaks. The use of external libraries like yaml and click appears safe in this context. The code does not process user inputs directly, nor does it execute code dynamically or handle untrusted user data in a way that could be exploited. The overall logic is straightforward, with standard patterns for configuration-driven database operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a configuration-driven database sanitization utility with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It reads structured configuration data, maps strategies and drivers, and performs database modifications accordingly. No anomalies, hidden backdoors, or malicious actions detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}