{
  "purpose": "The code formats a `SoupSieve` object into a human-readable, pretty-printed string for easier debugging and visualization of selector structures.",
  "sources": "The code reads the string representation of the provided object `obj` via `str(obj)` and matches substrings against predefined regular expressions.",
  "sinks": "The code does not process untrusted external input directly; it only operates on the string conversion of an object. It outputs formatted strings for debugging purposes, with no evident data leaks or external system interactions.",
  "flows": "The code converts an object to a string, matches parts of the string against regex tokens, and constructs a formatted string with indentation based on matched tokens. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be purely for formatting; it uses regex to parse and indent parts of a string. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, network operations, or hidden behaviors. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The function `pretty()` takes any object, converts it to a string, and iteratively matches substrings against a set of predefined regex tokens representing syntax components. It then formats the output with indentation based on matched tokens like parentheses, brackets, and braces, primarily for visual clarity. The regex patterns are straightforward, matching common string patterns such as class definitions, parameters, strings, and delimiters. The code does not execute any untrusted input, perform I/O beyond string formatting, or interact with the system or network. All operations are purely string parsing and formatting, with no signs of malicious behavior or malicious side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a formatting utility designed for debugging and visualization of selector objects. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. It simply parses and indents a string representation for readability. No malware or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 2
}