{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to pretty-print the string representation of a 'SoupSieve' object for easier debugging and visualization of its structure.",
  "sources": "The code reads the string output of the 'SoupSieve' object, which is converted to a string via str(obj).",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data to external systems or perform actions with untrusted input. It processes and formats an internal string representation for display.",
  "flows": "The source is the string conversion of the object; the processing involves regex matching and string concatenation; the output is a formatted string for display.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses extensive regex patterns to parse and reformat the string, which could be misused if the input string is crafted maliciously. However, it only processes known patterns and does not execute or evaluate code, thus unlikely to be malicious. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code's logic is straightforward and intended solely for formatting.",
  "analysis": "The code imports regex and typing modules and defines several regex patterns for token matching. The 'pretty' function converts an object to its string form, then iterates over the string, matching regex patterns to identify structural components such as classes, parameters, brackets, and strings. It adjusts indentation accordingly to produce a more readable format. The process involves matching known patterns, adjusting indentation levels on opening and closing tokens, and concatenating the results with added line breaks and spaces. The code is self-contained, does not execute external commands, or handle untrusted data beyond string formatting. It does not perform network operations, file I/O, or eval-like functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe utility for formatting and pretty-printing string representations of 'SoupSieve' objects for debugging purposes. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware indications. Its design is straightforward, using regex parsing to enhance readability. There are no evident security risks or malicious actions in the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}