{
  "purpose": "Defines a data structure for handling sampling results with utility methods for text manipulation and wrapping.",
  "sources": "The code reads static class attributes, imported functions (split_wrapper_string, squash_whitespace, removeprefix, removesuffix), and input parameters for methods.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any sinks that handle untrusted data, such as network, file, or command execution. It mainly manipulates strings internally.",
  "flows": "Results of string processing methods (whitespace_squashed, text_replaced) flow from source data to return values; the as_wrapper method creates a wrapper function that manipulates SamplingResult objects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic are present. No dynamic code execution or external data fetching observed. The code relies on imported functions whose implementations are not shown, but these are standard utility functions.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a dataclass for handling sampling results, providing methods for string manipulation, deduplication keys, and creating wrapper functions for text. It imports utility functions for whitespace normalization and string trimming. No user input, network operations, or external command execution is present. The methods operate solely on provided data and standard library functions, indicating a focus on internal data processing. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling.\n\nThe use of import functions from external modules is typical for modular code and does not imply malicious intent. The code appears to be well-structured, with clear responsibilities, and does not exhibit obfuscation or suspicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be legitimate utility code for handling sampling results with string processing methods. It contains no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}