{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and a Jinja2 extension for generating prompts and permutations, primarily used in dynamic prompt generation systems.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include prompt strings passed to functions like random_sample and combinatorial_sample, as well as environment globals such as 'wildcard_manager', 'generators', and 'prompt_blocks'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calls to generator.generate() with user-controlled prompts, and the use of the random module functions like random.choice and random.random, which could influence control flow or data handling.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-provided prompts through generator.generate() functions, and from environment globals to functions like wildcard, random_sample, and combinatorial_sample. The outputs are returned as strings or lists of strings, with no direct external data exfiltration or system commands executed.",
  "anomalies": "The code heavily relies on external modules (dynamicprompts.generators, dynamicprompts.wildcards) and environment globals, which could be manipulated if the environment is compromised. The usage of 'random' functions (choice, random_sample) may introduce non-determinism but is not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors are present. The function 'weighted_choice' uses weighted selection, which could be used maliciously to skew outputs if weights are manipulated, but this is standard functionality.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several utility functions for prompt generation, permutation calculations, and a Jinja2 extension for prompt blocks. It accesses environment globals for prompt management and generators, which could be manipulated if the environment is compromised. The usage of 'random' functions could introduce unpredictability but does not perform malicious actions. There are no external network calls, system modifications, or suspicious data exfiltration observed. The functions appear to facilitate dynamic prompt creation with no evident malicious intent. The reliance on external modules warrants trust in their integrity, but no malicious behavior is detectable within this code alone.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility module for dynamic prompt generation, with no signs of malicious intent or malware. The use of environment globals and external generators could pose security considerations if the environment is compromised, but this is standard in such systems. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or data leaks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}