{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for generating random choices, permutations, wildcards, and integrating with Jinja2 templates for dynamic prompt generation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (e.g., prompt, wildcard_name) and environment globals (wildcard_manager, generators). It also imports external modules and functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include generating random choices, which could be manipulated if input is untrusted; the use of environment globals to generate wildcards and prompts; and any output of these functions that may influence downstream processing or data leakage.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (wildcard_name, prompt) flows into functions like wildcard(), random_sample(), and combinatorial_sample(), which then generate outputs possibly based on external generators or wildcards. These outputs are returned directly, potentially influencing prompt generation or data output.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses random functions (random.choice, random.choices, random.random, random.randint) without any apparent control or validation, which can lead to unpredictable behavior but is not inherently malicious. The use of dynamic imports within the wildcard() function and reliance on environment globals could be concerning if those globals are manipulated maliciously. The code does not handle any user input validation, but this alone is not suspicious. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code or malicious network activity is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several utility functions related to randomness and permutations, with some functions relying on external generator modules via environment globals. The wildcard() function dynamically imports modules and accesses environment globals, which could be manipulated if the environment globals are compromised. The use of randomness appears standard and not malicious per se, but the lack of input validation and direct use of environment globals could potentially be exploited in a malicious environment. The overall structure suggests integration into a templating system for prompt generation, not for malicious activity. No signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious payloads are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to serve as a utility module for prompt generation with randomness and permutations, integrating with Jinja2 templates. While it involves external modules and environment globals that could be manipulated if compromised, the code itself does not contain malicious behavior or malware. No suspicious activity, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code are detected. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}