{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and a Jinja2 extension for generating prompts with various randomness and combinatorial options, intended for use in template rendering.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the environment globals, particularly 'wildcard_manager', 'generators', and 'prompt_blocks'. It also imports modules and functions internally, but these are standard libraries.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include the 'generator.generate()' methods, which produce prompt strings; the 'wildcard_manager' which could be a source of dynamic data; and the use of 'callable' caller functions. No network or file system access is explicitly shown.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment globals into generator functions, which then produce data that may be appended to prompt_blocks or returned as strings. User input could influence 'wildcard_name' or 'prompt' parameters, but external input handling isn't explicitly shown.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic importing of modules ('dynamicprompts.generators' and 'dynamicprompts.wildcards') which could potentially be manipulated if the environment is compromised. Use of 'random' functions without seeding or restrictions is typical but could be exploited for predictable output in some contexts. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code structures are present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a set of utility functions and a Jinja2 extension designed for prompt generation. It relies on external generator objects fetched from the environment globals, which are assumed to be safe and controlled. The use of dynamic imports is standard for modular plugin systems but could be risky if environment globals are maliciously altered. The randomness functions are standard and do not include malicious behavior. No network or system modifications, code injection, or data exfiltration mechanisms are visible. The code structure is straightforward, with no obfuscated or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code does not exhibit malicious behavior. It mainly handles prompt generation via external generator objects and a Jinja2 extension. Risks are limited to the trustworthiness of the environment globals and imported modules, which are assumed to be safe in this context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}