{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom exception class that maps error codes to human-readable messages, primarily used for licensing or system error handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads the input 'code' parameter and compares it against constants imported from an external module.",
  "sinks": "There are no external data sinks such as network connections, file writes, or data exfiltration points in this code.",
  "flows": "The flow involves receiving an error code, matching it against predefined constants, and returning the corresponding message, then raising an exception with that message.",
  "anomalies": "The class and method names are heavily obfuscated, which appears to be an intentional attempt to conceal the code's purpose. No malicious code or suspicious external calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward error code to message mapping class with heavy obfuscation. It imports constants from an external module, compares the input code against these constants, and returns a descriptive message. No network activity, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are evident. The obfuscation likely serves concealment or intellectual property protection rather than malicious intent. The structure is consistent, and no logical errors are apparent. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious activity. The obfuscation score is high (~0.8), justified by the obfuscated class and method names. The security risk score is low (~0.2), primarily due to obfuscation but no active threats.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, obfuscated error handling utility used in licensing or system error contexts. There is no evidence of malicious activity or supply chain sabotage based on this fragment. The heavy obfuscation appears to be for concealment rather than malicious purposes. The scores assigned are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}