{
  "purpose": "This code defines a SnowflakeFile class intended for use within Snowflake UDFs and stored procedures to handle file-like operations on remote files or results, mainly for reading and writing data streams in Snowflake's execution environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters such as file_location, mode, and internal state variables. It does not process external untrusted input beyond these parameters; no explicit sources of untrusted data are present in the code itself.",
  "sinks": "There are no direct data sinks or output operations like network connections, file writes, or data exfiltration within this code. All methods either raise NotImplementedError or are placeholders, indicating no actual I/O or data transmission occurs.",
  "flows": "Since most methods are unimplemented and only constructor/class methods are provided, there are no data flow paths from sources to sinks. The class serves as a structural template for file handling without executing any data processing or transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code contains standard class and method definitions with placeholders. The presence of placeholder methods raising NotImplementedError is typical for an interface meant for specific runtime environments.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class designed for a specialized environment (Snowflake UDFs and stored procedures). It includes multiple methods expected for file-like objects, but most are unimplemented and raise errors indicating they are not supported in the current context. No hardcoded credentials, network connections, or suspicious behaviors are present. The class primarily manages internal state and provides an API structure without executing any risky operations. The lack of implementation suggests the class is a scaffold or interface for environment-specific code, not malware or malicious code itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a structural implementation of a file interface tailored for Snowflake's environment, with no active or malicious behavior detected. It does not contain malicious payloads or suspicious activities. The absence of runtime I/O, network, or data manipulation indicates it is benign and intended for legitimate use within Snowflake's data processing context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}