{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class SnowflakeFile for use within Snowflake UDFs and stored procedures to interact with files in a controlled, remote environment, providing a file-like interface.",
  "sources": "No external input sources; all parameters are internally controlled or passed explicitly via method arguments. The class constructor and class methods accept data such as file_location, mode, and flags, but there is no indication of untrusted data handling or external input reading.",
  "sinks": "There are no data sinks or output destinations where untrusted data is written or transmitted. All method implementations raise NotImplementedError, indicating they are placeholders for Snowflake's internal handling rather than executing any logic that could leak data.",
  "flows": "No actual data flow occurs within this code, as all operational methods are unimplemented. The class mainly serves as an interface or stub for Snowflake's internal execution environment.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no suspicious logic, hardcoded secrets, or unusual constructs. It is mainly composed of method stubs that raise NotImplementedError, and it appears to be part of an SDK or API framework rather than executable malicious code. The comment about the file being intended for UDFs and stored procedures is consistent with a controlled, environment-specific API.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured class definition meant for a specific environment (Snowflake UDFs/stored procedures). It provides a file-like interface but all operational methods are placeholders raising NotImplementedError, indicating they are not intended to execute locally or in an uncontrolled environment. No external input handling, data transmission, or malicious behavior is present. There is no indication of obfuscation or malicious payload. The code does not perform any operations beyond defining an API surface.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, environment-specific interface stub designed for Snowflake's cloud environment. It contains no malicious logic, backdoors, or security risks. Its purpose is to provide a controlled API for file operations in Snowflake's execution context. There are no signs of malicious behavior or security threats.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}