{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define multiple wrapper functions around a common component function, likely for a Streamlit-based application, to handle various operations related to creating charts and managing saved searches.",
  "sources": "Inputs are received from function parameters such as FYQqBXLnmBxveElFXqJAGqgHKllnxDBx, saved_search_idn, options, and other parameters passed to functions.",
  "sinks": "The functions pass data to the _component_func, which appears to invoke components with specific string identifiers and data payloads. These could potentially send data externally or trigger actions, but the actual behavior depends on the implementation of _component_func.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters through the wrapper functions into _component_func, which then processes or transmits the data. The paths are mainly parameter-to-function-to-component.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses obfuscated variable names and function names, which can be suspicious. It imports components with potentially obscure identifiers and employs a wrapper pattern that could conceal malicious intent. There is no explicit validation or sanitization of inputs before passing to _component_func.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions that invoke a common component function with specific string identifiers. The parameter names are intentionally obfuscated, and the functions serve as wrappers, which can be used to conceal malicious behavior or data exfiltration. The functions do not perform any data validation or sanitization, raising suspicion. The use of dynamic component identifiers like 'octostar:desktop:extras:createLinkChart' and 'octostar:remoteapp:setTransformResult' indicates possible remote control or dynamic component invocation. The code could be part of a supply chain attack if _component_func interacts with external or malicious components. The obfuscation and lack of clear validation are notable, but no direct evidence of malicious payloads or data exfiltration is present in this snippet alone.",
  "conclusion": "While the code appears to serve legitimate wrapper functions around component invocations, the obfuscated naming and lack of input validation raise concerns about potential malicious behavior or covert data handling. Without further context on _component_func's implementation, the risk remains uncertain. The structure is suspicious but not definitively malicious based solely on this code.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 3
}