{
  "purpose": "This code provides various serializers for user authentication, password management, and token handling within a Django REST Framework project, supporting login, password reset, token serialization, and user detail serialization.",
  "sources": "User input from serializer fields such as 'email', 'username', 'password', 'uid', 'token', 'old_password', 'new_password1', and 'new_password2'; data from request context and external models like UserModel and TokenModel.",
  "sinks": "Authentication functions (authenticate), password reset and set password forms, token validation (default_token_generator), and email sending via PasswordResetForm.save().",
  "flows": "User inputs (email, username, passwords, tokens) flow into validation methods, which interact with models and forms to authenticate users, verify tokens, and trigger email sending for password reset; validated data then used to update user passwords or generate tokens.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The code primarily uses standard Django and DRF practices with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard user authentication and password management operations. It correctly uses Django's authentication framework, token validation, and password reset forms. The 'import_callable' function allows dynamic import of serializers, which could be used maliciously if misconfigured, but in this context appears intended for customization. No external network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications are present. Sensitive data handling appears standard, with no hardcoded secrets. The code's structure and logic follow conventional patterns for authentication workflows.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard implementation of authentication serializers in a Django REST Framework context. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It adheres to typical security practices for user authentication and password management. The use of dynamic import for serializers warrants cautious configuration but is not inherently malicious. Overall, the code is safe with a low likelihood of malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}