{
  "purpose": "Provides serializers for user authentication, token management, password reset, and user details within a Django REST Framework application, facilitating secure user login, password management, and token handling.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from request payloads for login credentials, email addresses, user IDs, tokens, and new passwords; accesses user model and external settings for configuration.",
  "sinks": "Uses authenticate() for credential validation, database queries to retrieve user info, and token validation functions; performs password resets and updates user passwords via form validation.",
  "flows": "Input data (credentials, email, tokens) flows into validation methods; credentials are authenticated via Django's auth system; user info is retrieved and validated; password reset tokens are checked; user data is returned or updated accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious external calls, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. Use of 'import_callable' for dynamic serializer import is standard and not malicious in this context. No unusual code patterns or network activity observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard Django REST Framework serializers for authentication, password reset, token management, and user details. Validation flows are appropriate, with proper error handling. The use of 'import_callable' allows dynamic serializer import, which is common for customizable systems. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security flaws are present. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, securityRisk=0.1-0.2) are consistent with the code's structure and practices. Overall, the code appears secure, standard, and free from malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical, well-structured implementation of authentication and user management serializers in Django REST Framework. No evidence of malware, obfuscation, or malicious activity. The low security risk score reflects standard practices with minimal concerns. The use of dynamic import utilities is common and not inherently dangerous. Overall, the code is safe and suitable for production use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}