{
  "purpose": "This code provides SDK methods for bulk indexing of external shortcuts into a Glean server, including synchronous and asynchronous variants.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as upload_id, shortcuts, server_url, http_headers, and environment variables accessed via get_security_from_env.",
  "sinks": "Potentially, the code could send data over the network (http_res), but only in response to legitimate API calls. No direct sinks for untrusted data processing or malicious activity are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters to request construction, then through network request execution, and error handling. The code uses input parameters directly in request bodies and headers but does not process untrusted data into sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code performs standard API request building and error handling. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical SDK implementation for making HTTP requests to a specified API endpoint, with proper parameter handling and error checks. It uses environment variables for security info and constructs requests based on input parameters. No signs of malicious code, such as data exfiltration, system modifications, or hidden network activities, are present. The code relies on external libraries for request serialization and security management but does not execute untrusted data beyond request creation. Error handling is standard, capturing common HTTP error responses. Overall, the code appears to perform legitimate SDK operations without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard SDK implementation for bulk uploading shortcuts, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles network requests and errors appropriately, with no suspicious activities or backdoors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}