{
  "purpose": "Define custom data type classes for use with Spark SQL, including type properties and methods for handling specific data types.",
  "sources": "Imports from Python standard libraries, third-party Spark modules, and application-specific modules; class property methods and initializers.",
  "sinks": "Property methods that return data type classes; methods that call external functions with data types as arguments.",
  "flows": "Class property access to return data types -> method calls that may pass data types to external functions.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual class and property naming conventions; passing data types to a function from 'sparkql.fields.base' that appears to process or register them. No hardcoded credentials or malicious payloads observed. The use of external functions like 'BzRpXskFqKlPToHcCDRmdhxmdcJXTtwN' is suspicious without context, but no evidence of malicious behavior is apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple classes representing Spark data types, each with property methods returning data type classes from 'pyspark.sql.types'. Some classes initialize with parameters like precision and scale, and invoke external functions passing data types. These functions are imported from an external module, which may relate to type registration or validation. No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious payloads are evident. The pattern suggests schema or type handling, typical in Spark applications, with no signs of malicious behavior. External function calls could be for legitimate type registration or validation, but without further context, they do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to define schema-related classes for Spark SQL types, employing standard patterns for property accessors and type handling. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The use of external functions warrants caution, but given the context, they seem to serve legitimate purposes related to type management. Overall, the code is consistent with standard schema definition and does not show malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}