{
  "purpose": "The code facilitates making synchronized HTTP requests to the Azure Cosmos DB service, handling request preparation, SSL configurations, and response parsing.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the input parameters 'request_data' and 'headers', and constructs request options such as URL, method, and query parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the HTTP request being sent via 'requests_session.request' and response handling, especially where data is decoded or parsed. The code does not appear to execute untrusted code or write to system files.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters ('request_data', 'headers', 'query_params') into request options; then, these options are used to perform an HTTP request; responses are processed, with data potentially parsed from JSON and returned.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors are detected. The code employs standard request handling, SSL configuration, and JSON parsing routines without hardcoded secrets or obfuscation. All data handling appears standard for HTTP client logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of HTTP request handling for a specific service (Azure Cosmos DB). It performs input validation, constructs requests, manages SSL verification, and parses responses. There are no signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The code uses external libraries and does not execute untrusted code or handle user input insecurely. It also manages retries and errors properly. The overall structure and logic do not suggest malicious intent or security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate, standard implementation of an HTTP request handler tailored for Cosmos DB interactions. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on the available code. The code is well-structured and does not exhibit obfuscation or suspicious data flows.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}