{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for making synchronized HTTP requests to Azure Cosmos DB, including handling request bodies, SSL configurations, and retries, as part of the Cosmos DB SDK.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters such as 'request_data' (possibly user-provided), 'headers' (possibly user-supplied), 'query_params', and the 'resource_url'. It also reads SSL configuration details from 'connection_policy'.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs and sends HTTP requests via the 'requests' library, which could be a sink if untrusted input is used maliciously. It also processes responses, raising exceptions on errors. No direct data leaks or external communications are evident beyond the request handling.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'request_data', 'headers', and 'query_params' flows into 'request_body' and 'request_options', which then flow into the '_Request' function for HTTP communication. Response data flows back from the HTTP request handling into the function's return, with error handling if needed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. SSL configuration is optional and based on external 'connection_policy'. The code does not perform any unusual dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or hidden backdoors. It primarily handles standard HTTP request/response cycles.",
  "analysis": "The code imports necessary modules and defines functions to prepare request bodies, configure and perform HTTP requests with retries, SSL verification, and stream handling. It verifies and converts data types for security and compatibility. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware are detected. It manages SSL settings and request retries safely. The use of the 'requests' library is standard, and all inputs appear to be handled carefully. No malicious patterns or suspicious behaviors are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate part of the Azure Cosmos DB SDK, responsible for managing HTTP communications with the service. No malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks are identified in this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}