{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for making synchronized HTTP requests to Azure Cosmos DB, including handling request data serialization, SSL configurations, and retry logic.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters such as 'request_data' (which may include dicts, lists, strings, or streams), and from environment or network configurations such as URLs and headers.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the HTTP request made via requests_session.request, which involves untrusted data such as request bodies, headers, and URL parameters. The code also potentially outputs raw network streams if 'is_media_stream' is true.",
  "flows": "Input data (request_data, headers, query_params) flows into the _RequestBodyFromData function for serialization, then into the _Request function for HTTP request execution, with retry handling via _Execute. URL parsing and header string conversions occur before request execution.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. SSL verification is conditionally disabled for localhost, which is standard for local testing. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard request serialization, SSL configuration, and request execution with retry logic. It uses common libraries (json, six, requests), and properly manages different data types and SSL verification settings. No anomalies such as hidden backdoors, credential theft, or malicious data exfiltration are detected. The handling of request data, headers, and responses appears consistent with normal SDK operations. Overall, the code is focused on safe HTTP communication with Cosmos DB, with no suspicious or malicious behavior identified.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard utility module for making HTTP requests to Azure Cosmos DB. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The SSL handling for localhost and input serialization are appropriate for its purpose. No signs of malware or supply chain attacks are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}