{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to retrieve financial data, categories, and sector information from the Trading Economics API.",
  "sources": "Reads include 'glob.apikey' for API key, user inputs via function parameters ('symbol', 'country', 'category'), and internal function calls ('fn.dataRequest', 'fn.checkDates').",
  "sinks": "Constructed API request URLs are sent via 'fn.dataRequest', which likely performs web requests. 'glob.apikey' is a sensitive source that may be exposed if not protected. No other sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Sources (user input and 'glob.apikey') feed into URL construction; the constructed URLs flow into 'fn.dataRequest' for data retrieval.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, no hardcoded credentials other than the API key, which is expected. Exception handling is minimal and only returns string messages or raises errors. No suspicious URL manipulation beyond standard API request formation.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs API request URLs using user inputs and a globally stored API key, then retrieves data through 'fn.dataRequest'. The API key is sourced from 'glob.apikey'. No code appears to perform any malicious actions such as system modifications, network exfiltration, or data theft. Error handling is limited but does not exhibit malicious behavior. The use of dynamic URL creation is standard for API access. No signs of obfuscation or hidden code present. The functions serve legitimate data retrieval purposes. No hardcoded secrets beyond the API key, which is typical for API integrations. Overall, the code's structure and logic are consistent with secure, legitimate API data access.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs typical API data retrieval with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles inputs to build request URLs and fetches data via an external 'fn.dataRequest' function. The only sensitive information is the API key stored in 'glob.apikey', which should be protected but is not inherently malicious. No suspicious code or backdoors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}