{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python API client for interacting with the Basis Theory API, including classes for managing HTTP requests, authentication, and endpoint invocation.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data, user input via method parameters, and environment information for user-agent and OS details.",
  "sinks": "Uses the `rest.RESTClientObject` for executing HTTP requests, potentially transmitting sensitive data such as API keys in headers or body. Also, serializes and deserializes data, and reads from file-like objects.",
  "flows": "Sources such as configuration, user parameters, or environment data flow into request headers, URL path parameters, query parameters, and request bodies. These are processed and sent via HTTP calls using `rest_client`. Responses are deserialized and returned.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. The code handles standard HTTP request building, including authentication headers, multipart form data, and response deserialization. Use of `__version__`, environment info, and user agent strings appears legitimate. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns found.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of a generated API client, involving request setup, authentication management, parameter validation, and response handling. The methods for request execution, serialization, and deserialization follow common patterns. No evidence of malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or malicious payloads. The code appears to be a legitimate SDK for API communication, with no suspicious code or logic that could be exploited maliciously.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, auto-generated API client library with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles API interactions securely within the scope of a typical SDK. No malicious or maliciously obfuscated code detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}