{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions for instrumenting HTTP requests and responses with Prometheus metrics, enabling monitoring of request durations, sizes, and counts in a Starlette application.",
  "sources": "Reads input/data from HTTP request headers (e.g., Content-Length), request and response objects, and label configuration parameters.",
  "sinks": "Metrics objects (Histograms, Summaries, Counters) that are updated with data derived from the Info object; label values are obtained via getattr from Info attributes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the Info object (source) through label attribute extraction, then updates the Prometheus metrics (sink). Some functions read headers and response attributes to determine content sizes, and duration is calculated from timing info.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior is observed. The code uses standard Prometheus client patterns and safe attribute access. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or backdoors detected. The only notable pattern is the try-except for duplicate metric registration, which is standard practice to prevent errors during middleware re-initialization.",
  "analysis": "The code provides multiple instrumentation functions to monitor HTTP request/response metrics, using standard Prometheus client library calls. The labels are dynamically constructed based on function parameters, and metrics are instantiated with proper labels and buckets. The try-except blocks handle potential duplicate metric registration errors gracefully. The functions only process data from HTTP headers and request/response objects, with no external network calls, file operations, or other suspicious behavior. No obfuscation or malicious constructs are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard and safe implementation of Prometheus instrumentation for a Starlette application. It uses conventional patterns, handles potential errors, and does not exhibit malicious or sabotage behavior. The only minor concern could be the potential for duplicated metric registration if not managed properly, but this is handled with try-except blocks. Overall, no malicious intent or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}