{
  "purpose": "This module provides a set of functions to instrument and collect metrics related to HTTP requests, responses, and their sizes using Prometheus in a Starlette application. The functions generate metrics such as request durations, sizes, and request counts, facilitating monitoring and observability.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from HTTP request and response objects, including headers ('Content-Length'), method, status, handler labels, and timing information stored in the Info class. It also accepts custom label values through a dictionary.",
  "sinks": "No direct data sinks or data exfiltration points are evident. The code does not send data over the network or write to files; it only registers and observes metrics locally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the Info object (which encapsulates request/response data and metadata) into metric functions, which then observe or increment metrics with label values derived from Info attributes or custom labels. The flow is primarily data collection for metrics purposes, without any external data exfiltration or control flow that indicates malicious intent.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for Prometheus instrumentation with no obfuscated or misleading code patterns. It contains try-except blocks to handle duplicate metric registration errors, which is normal in dynamic middleware registration scenarios. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The functions mainly perform metric registration and observation, with no suspicious side effects.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an Info class to encapsulate request/response data, utility functions for dynamic label name building, and multiple metric functions (latency, request size, response size, combined size, requests, default). These functions create Prometheus metrics (Counter, Summary, Histogram) with configurable labels and buckets. They include error handling for duplicate metric registration attempts, which is typical in middleware setups. The metrics are used solely for monitoring purposes, with no evidence of data exfiltration, malicious payloads, or sabotage mechanisms. All data flow appears to be confined within metrics collection. There are no signs of hardcoded secrets, malicious network connections, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation for monitoring HTTP metrics in a Starlette application using Prometheus. It is designed for observability and does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms. The presence of error handling for duplicate metrics indicates awareness of dynamic middleware registration but does not imply malicious intent. Overall, the code appears benign and solely focused on metrics collection.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}