{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions to parse UK postcodes into their outcode and incode components, validating them according to UK postal standards.",
  "sources": "Input data is taken from the 'postcode' argument in the parse_uk_postcode function, which is a string provided by the user.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data to external systems, network, or files. It raises exceptions based on validation failures but does not perform any data exfiltration or malicious data handling.",
  "flows": "Input postcode string is normalized and validated against regex patterns; based on strictness, the function either validates and splits the postcode or slices it directly without validation. Exception handling occurs if validation fails or input exceeds length.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are present. The code performs straightforward validation and string manipulation. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are detected. The regex patterns are complex but are standard for postcode validation.",
  "analysis": "The code imports the 're' module for regex operations and a custom 'exceptions' module for error handling. It defines numerous postcode pattern components and compiles regexes for validation. The main function 'parse_uk_postcode' normalizes input, checks length constraints, and performs validation based on the 'strict' parameter, raising exceptions if rules are violated or if mandatory incode is missing. The code handles special cases like 'GIR' postcode. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident; the logic is straightforward, intended for validation and parsing only.",
  "conclusion": "This module is a standard UK postcode parser that performs validation and splitting without any malicious intent or suspicious behavior. The code is clean, well-structured, and performs input validation as intended. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}