{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a set of utility functions for interacting with a financial data API, performing data retrieval and processing tasks such as fetching stock prices, dividends, corporate actions, and other market-related data.",
  "sources": "HTTP requests to API endpoints via requests.request; data inputs from function parameters, environment variables, and possibly external files or databases accessed through common.touch_db; some functions read date strings, ticker symbols, and other parameters.",
  "sinks": "API request functions that send data via requests.request; potential data leaks if environment variables or sensitive tokens are mishandled; database access functions that read and potentially write data; some functions handle sensitive data like credentials and tokens.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., URLs, tokens, ticker symbols, dates) flow into request construction; these requests are sent over the network; responses are processed and returned as dictionaries or lists. No evidence of data being sent or received outside the API requests, nor of untrusted data being executed as code.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of nonsensical or obfuscated variable names, e.g., 'NJPMLvTircGePwkOZKhtPITNUOxWgiZC', 'hCIOklAUDwUBqRgedtBOJReYuYWewvZm', which do not relate to their functions; some code snippets contain malformed or commented-out SQL or SQL-like queries; parts of the code have inconsistent formatting, and certain functions reference undefined variables such as 'url_end', 'review_date_str', 'date_from', 'intermediate_date' without defining or assigning them; there are references to functions and variables that could suggest dynamic or external code execution, but nothing concrete is visible. No actual obfuscated code, but the variable names and some incomplete code snippets could be suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily composed of functions making HTTP requests to fetch financial data, with many functions parameterized by URLs, tokens, and date/ticker info. It includes functions for data retrieval (e.g., last n candles, splits, dividends, corporate actions) and data processing (e.g., aggregations, date manipulations). Variable names are deliberately obfuscated or nonsensical, which could be an attempt to hide intent, but the actual operations are standard API calls and data processing. No evidence of malicious behaviors like system compromise, data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The presence of undefined variables and malformed snippets suggests incomplete or improperly integrated code, but nothing indicates malicious activity or sabotage. Obfuscation is minimal, limited to variable names, not code logic. The functions do not execute untrusted code or handle sensitive information insecurely beyond standard API interactions.",
  "conclusion": "Overall, the code functions as a data access layer for a financial application, with no clear indicators of malicious intent. The obfuscated variable names are suspicious but may be accidental or stylistic. No malware behaviors or security risks are apparent from the visible code. The main concern is the incomplete or inconsistent code snippets, which should be clarified or completed for safe use. The risk of sabotage or malicious behavior appears low.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}