{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Python client library for Neo4j, providing classes for managing connections, transactions, schema, and graph operations. It facilitates database interactions via Cypher queries, schema management, and system information retrieval.",
  "sources": "Network communication methods (commit, rollback, run, call), schema and configuration queries, data input parameters for Cypher statements.",
  "sinks": "Execution of Cypher queries, procedure calls, schema creation/deletion, data manipulation commands, network communication with the database server.",
  "flows": "User inputs and parameters flow into Cypher queries; responses and data flow back from the database; internal methods manage schema and transaction states.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code detected. Sleep calls in schema methods are typical for waiting on index/constraint creation, not malicious. No suspicious network activity or backdoors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-structured Neo4j client library. It manages connections, transactions, schema, and system info using typical patterns. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or sabotage. The sleep calls are used for waiting on schema operations, which is normal. The network interactions are legitimate database operations. The code does not contain obfuscation or hidden malicious logic. Potential injection risks exist if user inputs are not sanitized before being passed into queries, but this is a common concern with database drivers, not malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, open-source Neo4j client library with no evidence of malicious activity, sabotage, or backdoors. It functions as a standard database driver. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk is low (~0.2), reflecting operational considerations rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}