{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate and manage HTML reports for pytest test runs, including collecting environment data, test results, and extra media content.",
  "sources": "Data is read from environment variables, pytest configuration and metadata, test reports, and test extras (such as JSON, text, images, videos).",
  "sinks": "Writes report content to files on disk; processes environment variables for redaction; renders HTML templates; encodes and decodes test data and media content.",
  "flows": "Sources such as environment variables and test metadata flow into report data structures; data is processed, formatted, and injected into HTML templates; final HTML report is written to disk.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation detected. Environment variable redaction is standard. Usage of warnings is benign. No suspicious external connections or system modifications observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a reporting module for pytest, with functions to handle test data, environment info, media content, and HTML rendering. It uses standard Python libraries and pytest hooks to gather and format data. Environment variables that match specified patterns are redacted with block characters. Data encoding, JSON serialization, and file writing are all done via common methods. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or stealth behavior is present. Usage of warnings and regex for environment variable redaction are typical practices. The code appears to be a legitimate reporting utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard pytest HTML reporting plugin with no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain backdoors, secret communications, or harmful code segments. It functions as intended for report generation, with typical security precautions such as environment variable redaction.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}