{
  "purpose": "The code automates Dockerfile generation and image building based on configuration inputs, facilitating container deployment workflows.",
  "sources": "Configuration parameters such as package_directory, graph_path, env_file, requirements_file, and user inputs embedded into command strings and Dockerfile content.",
  "sinks": "Shell commands executed via subprocess, Docker build processes, and temporary file creation/deletion, which could lead to command injection if inputs are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Configuration inputs are incorporated into Dockerfile content and shell commands without explicit sanitization, leading to potential injection points during command execution and Dockerfile generation.",
  "anomalies": "Embedding of configuration parameters directly into shell commands and Dockerfile content without validation or sanitization; use of tempfile with delete=False, which could expose temporary files if improperly secured.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard Docker build automation, generating Dockerfiles dynamically based on user-provided configurations. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious network activity, or malicious payloads are present. The primary concern is the lack of input validation when embedding configuration data into shell commands and Dockerfiles, which could allow command injection if inputs are malicious. The code properly cleans up temporary files, and subprocess calls are standard. No obfuscation or malware is detected. The security risk score is elevated (0.45) due to potential injection vulnerabilities, but malware remains at 0. The overall behavior is typical for container automation scripts, with a notable security consideration regarding input sanitization.",
  "conclusion": "The code is generally safe and performs legitimate automation tasks. The main security concern is the absence of input validation for configuration parameters embedded into commands and Dockerfiles, which could be exploited for command injection. No malicious activity or obfuscation is evident. The malware score is 0, the obfuscated score is 0, and the risk score should be set around 0.45 to reflect the potential injection vulnerability. Addressing input validation would mitigate this risk further.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}