{
  "purpose": "The code generates a Dockerfile based on configuration data, then builds a Docker image accordingly.",
  "sources": "Input from 'langgraph_config' object, environment variables, user-provided parameters, and temporary files.",
  "sinks": "Docker build commands, temporary file creation, subprocess execution, and system file modifications.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows into Dockerfile generation, which then flows into Docker build commands executed via subprocess. Temporary files are created and later deleted.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secret keys; no unusual or suspicious external network connections; no obfuscated code or hidden backdoors; straightforward subprocess and file handling. Usage of temporary files and subprocess calls is standard, and no untrusted input is directly executed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on generating Dockerfiles from provided configurations and executing Docker build commands. It imports standard libraries and a few project-specific modules for validation and utility functions. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized system modifications. All subprocess calls are used for legitimate Docker operations. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The temporary file handling is typical for dynamic Dockerfile creation. The code relies on external inputs (config objects) but processes them in a safe manner without unsafe code injection or data leaks. The overall structure is typical for deployment automation scripts, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard Dockerfile generation and build automation script with no evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior. It securely manages temporary files and subprocess calls, focusing solely on container image creation. No malicious signals or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}