{
  "purpose": "This code sets up API configuration, authentication, and authorization for a Flask-based application integrated with Airflow. It manages API URLs, token validation, and user session checks.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (AUTH_URL, USERDATA_URL), Airflow configuration files, incoming HTTP headers and cookies (Authorization).",
  "sinks": "Authorization header processing, user session validation, logging of user requests.",
  "flows": "Input: Environment variables and HTTP request headers → Validation via external API calls → User session scope checks → Request handling and logging.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of obfuscated variable names and functions, no clear documentation. The function qkoVCQGSXnkSsMCkqCMXQzmSDziktRaa is unused and contains an unrelated string. The code does not perform any suspicious or malicious activities directly but uses obscure naming and partial obfuscation practices.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily fetches API URLs from configuration or environment variables, then initializes an API client object. It implements a decorator for endpoint protection, extracting authorization tokens from request headers or cookies, validating these tokens against an external API, and checking user session scopes. There is no evidence of data leakage, code injection, or malicious network activity. The use of obfuscated variable names and the unused function suggest possible code concealment, but no malicious behavior is directly evident. The logging is standard for request tracking. No suspicious backdoors, hidden payloads, or malicious network connections are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily configuration and authorization middleware with some obfuscated naming. There are no signs of malware or malicious intent. The obscurity appears to be an attempt at code concealment rather than malicious activity. Overall, the code appears safe but is poorly documented and may hide intent behind obfuscation.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}