{
  "purpose": "The code implements a BERT-based scoring system for evaluating sentence similarity, including functions for computing IDF weights, scoring candidate and reference sentences, and visualizing similarity matrices.",
  "sources": "Input sources include user-provided candidate and reference sentences, and potentially external baseline files and IDF sentence lists. Data is read from file system for baseline values and IDF computations. Environment variables are not explicitly used.",
  "sinks": "No apparent sinks for untrusted data leading to data leaks. External data files (baseline and IDF files) are read from the file system. No network communication, file writing, or command execution involving untrusted input detected.",
  "flows": "Input sentences flow into embedding functions and scoring functions. Embeddings and similarity scores are computed internally. No data flows into external systems or untrusted sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious logic present. Usage of warnings.warn is benign and related to IDF weights. All file paths and data handling appear standard.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs standard NLP tasks: loading models, tokenizing, computing embeddings, and calculating similarity scores. It reads baseline values from files, computes IDF weights from provided sentences, and offers visualization capabilities. There are no signs of obfuscated code, network activity, or malicious commands. The use of warnings, file handling, and model loading aligns with legitimate functions. No data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden behavior identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a BERT-based scoring system with visualization features. There are no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. The code performs standard NLP tasks, manages data securely, and does not include suspicious network or system commands.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}