{
  "purpose": "This code serves as a comprehensive API client wrapper for Klaviyo, providing access to various API endpoints with integrated retry logic and pagination handling. It dynamically imports API modules, wraps their methods with retry mechanisms, and processes pagination tokens in URL parameters.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from URL parameters (specifically 'page_cursor') in the '_page_cursor_update' method, and from API responses. It also reads configuration data such as API keys or tokens during initialization.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows occur when URL parameters are processed in '_page_cursor_update', where 'page_cursor' URL tokens are unquoted and split. However, this is standard URL handling for pagination tokens and does not lead to data leaks or malicious effects.",
  "flows": "The flow involves receiving a 'page_cursor' URL parameter, unquoting and parsing it in '_page_cursor_update', then passing it to API methods wrapped with retry logic. The retry logic itself calls external retry mechanisms, but no data is exfiltrated or maliciously manipulated.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code are present. The URL parsing is straightforward, and the extensive method wrapping is typical for auto-generated API clients. No suspicious network activity or code injection points are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, auto-generated API client with robust retry and pagination support. The URL handling in '_page_cursor_update' involves standard unquoting and splitting, which is safe. No secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The extensive method wrapping and dynamic property creation are typical for SDKs. The overall structure indicates a well-structured, legitimate client implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured API client wrapper for Klaviyo, with no signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The URL processing is standard for pagination tokens, and the retry logic is conventional. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk is very low (~0.2).",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}