{
  "purpose": "Provides tools to retrieve container instance information and SSH access details from a remote API, supporting a larger system managing containerized environments.",
  "sources": "User inputs for parameters (zone, offset, limit, name, namespace, uuid, owner, user_id, services), settings for user_id, access_key, secret_key, base_url, and request responses from external API endpoints.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request responses processed and returned as JSON or text content; no direct sinks of untrusted data into dangerous operations are evident.",
  "flows": "Inputs (parameters/settings) -> Signature generation -> API request -> Response handling -> Output as formatted JSON or text.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures. The use of get_signature to sign requests suggests standard security practices. Exception handling is generic. No suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements two tools for fetching container and SSH information via signed API requests. It constructs URL paths and query parameters dynamically from user input and settings, signs the requests, and processes responses to produce formatted output. No untrusted data flows into unsafe operations, nor are there signs of malicious behavior or backdoors. External API interaction appears legitimate, and no obfuscated code or malicious payloads are detected. The exception handling is generic and does not leak sensitive info. The use of external libraries (requests, json) is standard. Overall, the code appears to follow typical API interaction patterns with proper signing and error handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for querying container and SSH info from an API using signed requests. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are detected. It adheres to typical patterns without suspicious or malicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}