{
  "purpose": "The code provides custom exception classes and utility functions for handling and formatting JSON schema validation errors, particularly for STIX data validation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from exception objects, error.message, error.path, and error.instance attributes. It also processes regex patterns on strings.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include string manipulations and regex substitutions on error messages, which could be exploited if error inputs are maliciously crafted to cause regex ReDoS (Regular Expression Denial of Service). No network, file, or environment variable operations are present.",
  "flows": "Error objects are created and passed to 'pretty_error' function, which parses error.path and error.schema to generate user-friendly messages, applying regex substitutions based on schema attributes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The code mainly processes error messages and schema validation results. Use of regex to manipulate error messages could be exploited if error data is maliciously crafted, but this is a typical pattern for error formatting.",
  "analysis": "The code defines exception classes and error handling functions focused on formatting validation errors. It uses regex substitutions for rewording messages, which could be a vector for ReDoS if error messages are maliciously crafted. However, the code does not perform network operations, file access, or system modifications. No external calls or dynamic code execution are present. All operations are string manipulations, with no apparent security violations. The pattern error class and error handling logic are standard for validation libraries. Overall, there are no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage in this code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard error handling and formatting utility for JSON schema validation, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected. The regex manipulations should be considered safe in context, as they are used for error message formatting. There is no evidence of malware or malicious code. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}