{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom exceptions and utility functions for validating and formatting errors related to JSON schema validation, specifically for STIX patterns and objects.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from exception objects (error instances), particularly error paths, messages, schemas, and instance data during validation processes.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks like network calls, file writes, or system modifications are present. The code only processes error objects and performs string manipulations and regex substitutions.",
  "flows": "Error objects are processed through functions like 'pretty_error' to generate human-readable messages. Data flows from validation error instances to formatted error messages, with no external data or command execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive regex-based rewording of error messages to improve readability, which could potentially be manipulated if error messages are externally influenced, but this is standard for formatting. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. No code injection, unsafe eval, or network activity is present. The remove_u function handles string substitutions but doesn't execute arbitrary code.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily designed for error handling and message formatting related to JSON schema validation. It manipulates error data via regex and string operations, but does not perform any network, file system, or command execution actions. All data processing is confined to exception objects and strings. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command injection, or backdoors. The functions are used for improving error messages, not for executing external commands or handling sensitive data in an insecure manner.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, focusing on error handling and message formatting for validation processes. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. Its purpose is to enhance readability and understanding of validation errors, with no evident supply chain or malware risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}