{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate and serve OpenID Connect (OIDC) tokens, including a mock OIDC server for testing or development purposes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from environment variables, file paths for keys, and network responses from the local server (via urllib.request.urlopen).",
  "sinks": "Tokens generated are written to specified file paths; network responses are handled with urllib.request, and stdout/stderr are manipulated.",
  "flows": "The code reads key data from files or generates keys, creates tokens, and writes them to files or outputs over network responses. The server endpoints provide token data and metadata.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic code execution is minimal but includes import of jwt, jwcrypto, and an unverified server class. Modifying stdout to stderr and infinite sleep loop could be suspicious. The server code directly encodes tokens with sensitive info, and private key generation/use is handled within the script.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a mock OpenID provider, generating or loading RSA keys, and serving well-known configuration, JWKS, and token endpoints. It encodes JWT tokens with issuer, subject, and audience data, potentially with sensitive keys. The code appears intended for testing or development of OIDC flows. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity. The code does not contain obfuscation or malicious payloads, but it could be misused for impersonation or token spoofing in malicious contexts. The manipulation of stdout and indefinite sleep may be unconventional but are likely for server operation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a testing utility for OIDC token generation and server simulation. It does not contain malicious behavior but could be exploited for impersonation or token forgery if misused. It demonstrates moderate complexity and safe cryptographic practices, with no clear malware indications.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}