{
  "purpose": "Provides a set of abstract base classes and utility functions for timestamping, status management, soft deletion, time framing, and UUID primary key assignment in Django models.",
  "sources": "Imports from Django, model_utils, and type hints; functions and methods that read model metadata, class attributes, and signals.",
  "sinks": "Model save methods, signal handlers, and delete methods that modify database records or trigger model class modifications.",
  "flows": "Signals trigger add_status_query_managers and add_timeframed_query_manager to modify model classes, which add query managers based on class attributes. Save methods update timestamp and status fields. Delete method either soft deletes or physically deletes records.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are evident. Usage of standard Django models and signals with no obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution. No external network activity or data exfiltration code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple abstract models to handle timestamping, status management, soft deletion, time framing, and UUID primary keys, which are common patterns in Django projects. Signal handlers dynamically add query managers based on model class attributes, ensuring no naming conflicts. Save methods properly update related timestamp and status fields, and soft delete functionality correctly toggles a boolean without deleting data. There is no use of untrusted input, no malicious data handling, and no suspicious external communication or hidden backdoors. The code relies on standard Django practices and the django-model-utils package, which are widely used and trusted. No anomalies or suspicious behaviors are detected in code structure or logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of standard, well-structured Django model abstractions and utility functions with no indication of malicious intent or security risks. It facilitates common model functionalities securely and predictably.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}