{
  "purpose": "The code is a set of unit tests for the rouge scoring and aggregation functions, primarily to verify correctness and consistency of the rouge_score package.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from files specified by 'test_util.LARGE_TARGETS_FILE' and 'test_util.LARGE_PREDICTIONS_FILE'. It also reads text data from files in the 'test_util.PYROUGE_DIR' directory during some tests.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks where untrusted data leads to data leaks or security effects, such as network transmission, file writing, or command execution. The code only reads files and performs in-memory calculations.",
  "flows": "Input data read from files is used for scoring and then aggregated; no untrusted data flows into sensitive sinks. The test logic is self-contained and does not process untrusted input directly into system commands or outputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard test code for a known package. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are present. All imports and functions are typical for a testing module. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are observed.",
  "analysis": "The script imports necessary modules, sets up test cases for the rouge_score package, and reads data files for testing purposes. It performs various assertions to verify the statistical accuracy of scoring and aggregation functions. No external network, system modifications, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code is focused solely on in-memory testing of a scoring library and file input for test data, with no suspicious or malicious logic present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign set of unit tests for the rouge_score package with no malicious intent or security risks. It reads data files for testing and performs calculations to verify correctness. No security vulnerabilities, backdoors, or malware behavior are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}