{
  "purpose": "The script is a setup utility for the PyObjC framework, handling package configuration, build, testing, and installation processes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from environment variables (e.g., CFLAGS, PATH), subprocess outputs (e.g., sw_vers, clang, xcrun), file system (e.g., SDKSettings.plist, header files), and user input via command-line arguments.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe data flows include subprocess outputs used for version info, file reads for SDK details, and environment variables influencing compilation flags. These could be misused if the environment is compromised.",
  "flows": "Input from environment variables and subprocess outputs flow into build configuration, compiler command construction, and version detection. Data from file reads (SDKSettings.plist, headers) influence build decisions. No evidence of untrusted data reaching sensitive sinks like network or system modification points.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are observed. The code includes standard build scripts, dynamic version detection, and test execution, which are typical for setup scripts. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages build configurations, version detection, and testing routines using standard Python modules and subprocess calls. It dynamically determines SDK versions, configures compilation flags, and runs tests. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network connections, data exfiltration, or code injection. Environment variables influence build flags but do not appear to be exploited maliciously. No suspicious code patterns or malware indicators are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate build and test setup for the PyObjC framework with no evidence of malicious intent or behavior. It performs standard package configuration, version detection, and testing functions without security risks or malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}