{
  "purpose": "A utility for visualizing the progress of AzureML ParallelRunStep within Jupyter notebooks, providing real-time updates until completion.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters (run_instance, step_name, workspace, run_id, step_run_id), and retrieves run and step data via AzureML SDK methods such as Run.get() and run_instance.get_children().",
  "sinks": "No external data sinks or untrusted data outputs; warnings are printed via print() statements, which are benign.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are validated; based on provided parameters, the code retrieves the corresponding Run or StepRun objects, then visualizes progress via _ParallelRunStepVisualizer.run().",
  "anomalies": "Use of print() for warnings instead of logging; retry loop with sleep() for fetching step runs, which is standard but could be improved for production logging.",
  "analysis": "The code performs parameter validation, ensuring correct types. It determines the correct run or step to visualize based on provided parameters, with fallback mechanisms. The retry logic handles asynchronous data retrieval. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are present. SDK calls are standard, and no external network communication occurs outside Azure SDK interactions. Warnings via print() are benign and typical for debugging or informational purposes. The code is straightforward, well-structured, and relies on standard SDK functions, with no obfuscation or malicious logic detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured utility for visualizing AzureML ParallelRunStep progress in Jupyter notebooks. It contains no malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or security vulnerabilities. The minor use of print() warnings does not impact security. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the overall security risk is very low (~0.1), primarily due to benign warnings and polling mechanisms. The code is safe for use in production environments.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}