{
  "purpose": "The code provides a widget for visualizing the progress of ParallelRunStep in AzureML, intended for use within Jupyter notebooks.",
  "sources": "Inputs include run_instance, step_name, workspace, run_id, and step_run_id, which are parameters provided during class instantiation; internally, the code also calls AzureML SDK methods like Run.get and run_instance.get_children.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks are present in the code. External calls like Run.get and run_instance.get_children may access data, but no untrusted input is processed here that leads to data leaks or injections.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters to internal methods such as _get_step_run, where run_instance and step_name are used to retrieve specific run steps. The flow involves checking parameters, retrieving run steps, and eventually visualizing the step via _ParallelRunStepVisualizer.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses print statements for warnings about multiple step runs; no hardcoded secrets or credentials are observed. The retry logic with sleep could be considered unusual but is not inherently malicious. No obfuscated code or misleading variable names are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a widget for visualizing AzureML parallel run steps. It includes parameter validation, conditional logic to determine which run to visualize, and retrieval of step runs with retries to handle asynchronous data availability. The use of external SDK calls is standard for AzureML integrations. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection. The only minor anomaly is the use of print for warnings, which is benign. Overall, the code performs legitimate operations typical for visualization in a cloud ML context.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation for visualizing parallel run steps in AzureML notebooks. There are no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It does not contain malware or obfuscation, and the security risk level is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}