{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define classes for managing nodes and credentials, potentially for network or server management, with functions to view and modify node attributes and credentials.",
  "sources": "Input data from user prompts (input() and getpass()), reading from internal data structures such as self.creds and class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data could be exposed via print statements, and credentials could be stored or modified insecurely in self.creds.",
  "flows": "User inputs (via input/getpass) can modify internal state, credentials, and attributes; data flows from user input through code logic into internal variables and printed outputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex nested menus with multiple input prompts; it manages credentials including passwords and private keys with minimal validation; no explicit encryption or secure storage mechanisms are present. No hardcoded credentials are visible, but the handling of credentials in plain dictionaries and print statements suggests poor security practice. The code dynamically allows modification of credentials and setting defaults, which could be misused if executed maliciously.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes representing nodes with attributes such as node ID, IP address, and credentials. It provides functions to display node info, edit node attributes, and manage credentials, including adding, modifying, or deleting them. User interactions are handled via command-line prompts, with options to set default credentials. No external network connections, file reads, or suspicious external calls are present. The code does not contain obfuscated constructs, hardcoded secrets, or malicious payloads. The logic appears to be for management purposes. However, handling sensitive data in plain text, and the potential for user input to modify credentials insecurely, pose security concerns. No evidence of malicious behavior like data exfiltration, backdoors, or system damage is found. The code’s design is complex but seems to serve management functions rather than malicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily facilitates node and credential management with user interaction, lacking any evident malicious payloads or backdoors. While it handles sensitive data insecurely (plain text credentials and print statements), there are no signs of malware, malicious network activity, or sabotage. The overall security risk is low but should be used with caution regarding credential handling practices.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}