{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for visualizing decision boundaries and probability regions for classifiers in 1D and 2D feature spaces, mainly for model interpretability and debugging.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input arrays or dataframes (X, y), model predictions via predict_proba(), and optionally from external plotting axes (ax). It also uses internal functions to generate grid points, colors, and boundary markers.",
  "sinks": "The code visualizes data and decision boundaries but does not include any sinks that send untrusted data externally or perform harmful actions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays (X, y) into prediction functions (predict_proba), which generate probability matrices; these are then used to compute predicted classes and colors for visualization. Visual elements are created and drawn on the provided or new matplotlib axes.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as suspicious data handling, hardcoded credentials, or unusual code behavior. The code primarily handles visualization logic using standard libraries and internally defined functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of visualization functions that generate decision boundary plots for classifiers in 1D and 2D spaces. It utilizes standard machine learning prediction methods (predict_proba), matplotlib for plotting, and internal helper functions for color adjustments and grid calculations. The code performs no data exfiltration, command execution, or malicious network activities. It does not manipulate or leak data, nor does it contain hidden or backdoor code. The only concern could be if user-supplied data or models contain malicious code, but this cannot be determined solely from this code segment. Overall, the code is a benign visualization tool with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a benign plotting utility for classifier decision boundaries and probabilities. It does not contain malware or suspicious behaviors. It relies on standard libraries and functions, and no malicious actions are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}