{
  "purpose": "The code defines a series of test functions for a Python library that generates HTML input elements with various hx- attributes for htmx integration.",
  "sources": "Input values from function calls such as hx.get, hx.on, hx.select_oob, hx.target, hx.trigger, hx.trigger_every, hx.vals, hx.disabled_elt, hx.disinherit, hx.ext, hx.history, and hx.params.",
  "sinks": "Generated HTML string outputs that include attribute values which are constructed from function parameters, some of which are hardcoded or derived from function arguments.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function arguments (potentially untrusted) into attribute value strings, which are then rendered into HTML input elements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. All code appears to be test functions verifying HTML string outputs. No code injection or dynamic code execution mechanisms present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of test functions asserting that certain function calls produce expected HTML strings with hx- attributes. The functions called (e.g., hx.get, hx.on, etc.) are assumed to generate attribute values, but their implementations are not provided. The structure is straightforward, with no dynamic execution, external data fetching, or obfuscated code present. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors are evident. The code does not perform any system operations, network communications, or handle untrusted inputs in a way that could lead to security issues. The assertions check for correct string formatting, not for processing untrusted user data.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of test cases verifying that a library correctly generates HTML with hx- attributes. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The code appears safe, with no signs of supply chain attacks or malware. The focus is on testing string outputs, not on executing or processing untrusted data.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}