{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for generating and protecting QR code URLs, including signing tokens for URL protection, and encoding data for QR code images.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data from Django settings, user objects, and QRCodeOptions parameters; also reads URL parameters and request data.",
  "sinks": "Generates URLs with encoded parameters, signs tokens with cryptographic signer, and constructs query strings; potentially exposes signed tokens and URL parameters.",
  "flows": "Source: configuration data or user input → Processes: token signing, URL encoding, QR code options handling → Sink: URL construction with signed token and encoded data.",
  "anomalies": "Uses a global variable `_RANDOM_TOKEN` generated at module load time, which is static and may reduce token unpredictability. No hardcoded credentials or secrets besides `settings.SECRET_KEY`. The signing process appears standard. No obfuscated code present. Use of `mark_safe` is typical in Django templates but warrants caution; no malicious intent evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily deals with generating signed URLs and encoding QR code data. It uses cryptographic signing with a secret key from Django settings, which is standard practice. The `_RANDOM_TOKEN` is initialized once at module load, which could be less secure than generating a fresh token per request but does not constitute malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials other than the Django secret key. The URL signing process protects against URL tampering. No evidence of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads. No obfuscated code, and the overall logic aligns with typical QR code URL protection mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily responsible for generating secure, signed QR code URLs and encoding data for QR code images. It follows standard security practices, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. The static `_RANDOM_TOKEN` could be a minor concern for unpredictability but does not constitute malicious activity. Overall, the package appears to be secure and not malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}