{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for generating, signing, and managing QR code URLs with protection options, including security tokens and URL signing, primarily for use within a Django web application.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration from Django settings, user input (via user object), and function parameters such as data for QR codes and QR code options.",
  "sinks": "Generates signed tokens, encodes data into base64, constructs URLs with query parameters, and signs tokens with Django's Signer. Potentially, the URL or tokens could be exploited if mishandled, but no direct data leaks or unsafe SQL occur.",
  "flows": "Input data (user, settings, parameters) -> encode/base64/sign URL -> generate token with Signer -> construct URL with parameters and token -> return URL.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets other than settings.SECRET_KEY used for signing (which is standard). The random token is generated once at module load time (_RANDOM_TOKEN), which may cause predictability or replay issues if the token is reused across requests; however, it's not necessarily malicious. No evidence of obfuscation, backdoors, or hidden malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly encodes data, generates signed tokens using Django's Signer, and constructs URLs with embedded security tokens. It dynamically retrieves configuration options from Django settings. The _RANDOM_TOKEN is generated once at module load, which could pose a predictability concern if reused excessively, but does not indicate malicious intent. The signing process and URL construction appear standard and secure. No suspicious external connections, hidden code, or credential theft mechanisms are present. The functions appear to implement a standard URL signing and QR code URL generation process, with no obvious malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements standard URL signing and QR code URL generation functions with no signs of malicious intent. It securely signs tokens and encodes data appropriately. The only minor concern is the static _RANDOM_TOKEN, which may affect token freshness, but it does not constitute malicious activity. Overall, the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}