{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for generating secure QR code URLs with optional signing and protection mechanisms, including token generation, URL signing, and cache control.",
  "sources": "Configuration settings from Django's settings (settings.SECRET_KEY, settings.QR_CODE_URL_PROTECTION), request data (request.path, request.GET.urlencode()), function parameters (data, qr_code_options, user), random token generation.",
  "sinks": "URL generation via reverse(), URL encoding via urllib.parse.urlencode(), signing with django.core.signing.Signer, returning URL strings with embedded tokens, potential exposure of tokens in URLs.",
  "flows": "Input data (user, config, parameters) → token/signature creation (get_qr_url_protection_signed_token, Signer.sign) → URL parameter assembly (urllib.parse.urlencode) → final URL output.",
  "anomalies": "Usage of global random token (_RANDOM_TOKEN) generated once at module load time could lead to token reuse; URL signatures include tokens that are embedded directly into URLs, which if intercepted could compromise URL protection. No hardcoded secrets aside from settings.SECRET_KEY; no suspicious or backdoor code detected; URL token signing is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs QR code URLs with optional signing and protection. It uses standard libraries and well-known security practices such as signing tokens with a secret key and salts. The random token generated at module load time (_RANDOM_TOKEN) is static and reused, which may reduce security if the token is intended to be unique per request, but does not constitute malicious behavior. No code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoor mechanisms are present. Use of django's signing and URL encoding aligns with secure practices. The code handles different data types and ensures proper encoding. The only concern is static token reuse, which could weaken security, but not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily designed for secure QR code URL generation with optional URL signing. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security exploits are evident. Use of static token (_RANDOM_TOKEN) may limit effectiveness of per-request security but does not introduce malicious intent. Overall, the code appears safe and adheres to standard security practices.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}