{
  "purpose": "The code defines a comprehensive framework for security and compliance checks within AWS CDK applications, including logging, suppression management, and rule definitions.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration and rule definitions from imported modules and metadata, and utilizes resource nodes in the CDK construct tree to perform checks.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calls to jsii.invoke, which execute rule logic, and creation of data objects for logging. No external network or system modification calls are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from resource nodes through rule application methods, generating logs or reports, with no evidence of external data transmission or malicious effect.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are detected. The code is structured as a library/framework with standard design patterns. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic execution, or misleading variables are found.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a set of interfaces, data types, and classes for rule management, suppression handling, and logging in a CDK security context. It relies on jsii for cross-language compatibility. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communications, system modifications, or covert data exfiltration. The logic is focused on rule enforcement and reporting, with typical security and compliance tooling patterns. The only noteworthy point is that all operations involve local data processing and invoke external jsii functions, which are expected in this framework. There are no suspicious external calls or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, structured framework for security checks in AWS CDK applications. It does not exhibit malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It serves as a security and compliance tooling library with no malicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}