{
  "purpose": "This code provides pattern definitions and detection functions for identifying framework usage and security-relevant features in various web and cloud environments within source code files.",
  "sources": "Detection functions analyze input file content by checking for import statements, specific library or framework identifiers, and pattern matches for various security and PII-related issues.",
  "sinks": "Pattern matches are used to identify locations where untrusted data or sensitive information may be accessed or manipulated, such as data transfer, PII collection, consent issues, data deletion, and security measures within code.",
  "flows": "The detection process involves pattern matching source code to identify frameworks, then matching framework-specific patterns that serve as potential source-to-sink indicators for security or privacy issues.",
  "anomalies": "The code primarily consists of pattern definitions and detection logic; it does not execute untrusted data or perform actions that could harm systems. It uses regex patterns for detection, which could be misused if patterns are overly broad or misapplied, but there's no evidence of malicious code or backdoors in pattern definitions themselves. No suspicious obfuscation or malicious functions are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a static analysis tool designed to detect framework usage and security concerns via pattern matching. It includes pattern definitions for multiple frameworks (Django, Flask, Node.js, React, AWS, Azure, GCP) and cross-framework categories. It detects frameworks via import statements and common identifiers, then aggregates regex patterns to identify potentially sensitive or security-related code segments. The patterns do not perform any code execution or data manipulation; they are purely for detection purposes. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious payloads, or backdoors. The patterns are comprehensive and target known security-relevant code snippets. The approach relies on regex pattern matching, which may lead to false positives but does not introduce malicious behavior. Overall, this code acts as a detection utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a static pattern-based detection module intended to identify framework usage and security-relevant code segments. It does not contain any malicious code, backdoors, or malware. Its purpose is to aid security analysis, and it appears to operate purely through pattern matching without executing or manipulating data. No indicators of malicious intent or sabotage are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}