{
  "purpose": "This script functions as a code generator for a Python parser based on input Bison grammar and Flex lex files. It reads specified input files, processes their content, and outputs a Python module implementing the parser, optionally with custom parse node classes. It also provides a command-line interface for testing and usage.",
  "sources": "The code reads input files: the Bison grammar file, the Flex lex script, and the output filename. It also reads sections within the Bison file and the lex script content, as well as command-line arguments.",
  "sinks": "The script does not have any sinks that handle untrusted data in a way that could lead to data leaks or execution of malicious code. It only writes generated code to a file, without executing or evaluating untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Input files are read and processed through string operations and regex, then used to generate Python code which is written to an output file. There are no dynamic code execution or network flows involved.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as obfuscated code, hidden routines, or malicious routines are present. The code is straightforward, with clear structure and purpose.",
  "analysis": "The script reads and processes input files for Bison grammar and Flex lex scripts, extracting relevant sections and transforming them into Python code. It generates class definitions for parse nodes if requested, and constructs a parser class with appropriate tokens, precedences, and start symbol. The code performs static file I/O, string manipulation, and code generation without executing untrusted code or performing network operations. No signs of obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious routines are detected. The main security concern is the trustworthiness of input files, which could produce malicious parser code if compromised, but the script itself remains safe. The malware score is appropriately set to 0, as no malicious routines are present. The obfuscation score is 0, given the code's clarity. The risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), reflecting the potential risk if input files are malicious, but not due to the script's behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate and straightforward parser generator tool that reads grammar and lex files, processes their content, and outputs a Python parser module. It does not contain malware, obfuscation, or malicious routines. The primary security consideration is ensuring the input files are from trusted sources to prevent malicious code generation. The assigned scores (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2) are consistent with the static analysis and the code's behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}