{
  "purpose": "The code is a code generator script that reads grammar and lex files, processes their content, and generates a Python parser module with optional custom parse node classes. It ultimately creates a parser based on the specified grammar and lex files, and provides a main entry point for testing or running the parser.",
  "sources": "File reads for the bison file, lex file, and the output Python file; reading and splitting content from the bison and lex files; command-line arguments input.",
  "sinks": "Writing the generated parser code to an output Python file; printing errors and usage info; no untrusted data directly affecting system or network actions observed.",
  "flows": "Reading files (bison, lex, and output), processing their content, and writing the generated code to a file; command-line args influence behavior but do not lead to external system or network access.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically generates Python code for a parser, which could be manipulated if input files contain malicious content. No direct execution of untrusted code, but the generated code could be crafted maliciously if the input files are compromised. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors found. No suspicious network connections, reverse shells, or data exfiltration routines are present. The use of regex and string processing is standard; no obfuscation or malware patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily reads input files, processes their content to extract grammar rules and tokens, and then writes a Python parser module with optional custom parse node classes. The code includes standard file handling with error checking, string processing with regex and splitting, and code generation via string concatenation and file writes. The main function provides command-line interface handling, but no untrusted data is used in network or system commands. No malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage signs are evident. The code's complexity arises from dynamic code generation but appears to serve a legitimate parser generation purpose. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious routines are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate parser generator script that reads grammar and lex files, processes their content, and generates a Python parser module. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are evident. Its primary risk lies in the trustworthiness of the input files; malicious input could generate harmful code, but the script itself does not contain malicious routines or malware. Overall, low risk and no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}