{
  "purpose": "The code implements an interactive Jupyter console shell using prompt_toolkit, handling kernel communication, code execution, and output rendering with syntax highlighting and rich media support.",
  "sources": "Input sources include user input via prompt_toolkit, environment variables, and kernel responses (e.g., shell, iopub, stdin channels).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are subprocess calls (e.g., handle_image_* methods), network communication with kernel via jupyter_client, and printing/output functions (print, sys.stdout.write).",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input to code execution (run_cell), kernel response handling (handle_execute_reply, handle_iopub), and rich data rendering (handle_rich_data, handle_image_*). The kernel messages influence the shell state and output rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. Use of subprocess with unvalidated command lists could be risky but appears intended for image display. The code uses dynamic imports, but only for known libraries. No obfuscation, misleading variable names, or suspicious dynamic execution is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly functions as a controlled interface for executing and displaying code via a Jupyter kernel. It uses standard libraries for handling input, output, and subprocesses. The subprocess calls are for image rendering, with command arguments formatted with known parameters. No code injection, data exfiltration, or hidden network activity is evident. The handling of kernel messages is appropriate, with no suspicious message content processing. External dependencies (e.g., prompt_toolkit, pygments, PIL) are used as intended. No malicious logic such as data theft, reverse shells, or covert channels is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of an interactive Jupyter shell using prompt_toolkit. It includes typical features like syntax highlighting, rich media handling, and kernel communication. There are no indications of malicious intent or sabotage within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}