{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions and classes for parsing HTML forms to extract schemas and validate form inputs, mainly for use with htmlfill extensions and custom validators.",
  "sources": "Data sources include HTML form input strings fed into parse_schema() and form attributes accessed via parser.get_attr().",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the dynamic instantiation of validators based on form attributes and the handling of form validation logic, which could be misused if malicious data influences validator types or parameters.",
  "flows": "Form input HTML -> parse_schema feeds form to FillingParser -> parse_schema creates SchemaBuilder and adds fields based on form attributes -> validators are instantiated dynamically from form attributes -> schema is returned.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns. Validator instantiation from form attributes could be exploited if form data is maliciously crafted to influence validator types or parameters, but only if external input is directly used without validation. No obfuscation detected. The code appears standard and well-structured.",
  "analysis": "The code relies on HTML form attributes to define validation schemas and dynamically creates validator instances based on these attributes. The dynamic creation of validators from form attributes could be a concern if untrusted data influences the validator type or arguments, but in this context, it appears to be controlled via predefined validator types in the 'validators' module. No external data sources or network operations are present. No suspicious or malicious code is identified. The logic for parsing and building schemas is straightforward, with no obfuscation or malware signals.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical form schema parser and validator builder with no evident malicious intent. It dynamically constructs validators based on form attributes, which could be misused if input isn't properly sanitized, but as is, it appears standard and safe. No malware or obfuscation detected. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}