{
  "purpose": "A plugin that formats Go source files using the 'goreturns' external tool, filtering for '.go' files and executing the formatter via subprocess.",
  "sources": "File paths with suffix '.go' provided as input to the 'goreturns' command.",
  "sinks": "Execution of 'goreturns' via process_utils.run with file paths as arguments.",
  "flows": "Source: file path input -> sink: subprocess call to 'goreturns' with the file path as argument.",
  "anomalies": "Use of heavily obfuscated class and method names; no explicit input sanitization shown; no hardcoded secrets or network activity; external command execution with untrusted inputs could be risky but is standard for formatters.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a plugin system that filters for '.go' files and runs 'goreturns' on them using subprocess. Obfuscation of class and method names is present but appears to be a code concealment tactic rather than malicious. No evidence of malicious activity such as network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The external command execution is typical for code formatting tools but warrants input validation in real-world scenarios. The malware score is zero, indicating no malicious intent. The obfuscation score is high due to the intentionally obscure identifiers, but this does not imply malicious behavior. The security risk score is low, reflecting standard external command invocation, assuming trusted inputs. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate plugin for formatting Go files, with obfuscation likely serving to obscure code structure but not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a benign plugin wrapping 'goreturns' for Go source formatting. Obfuscation is present but not indicative of malicious activity. No malware or sabotage is detected. The scores assigned are consistent with the analysis, with malware score at 0, obfuscation at approximately 0.75, and low security risk. The external command execution is typical for formatters but should be used with trusted inputs in practice.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}