{
  "purpose": "The script automates the creation of a virtual environment, finds a wheel file in the 'dist' directory, installs it into the virtual environment, and prompts the user to verify the installation.",
  "sources": "The code reads the current directory to locate the wheel file (find_wheel function) and user input to pause the script (input() function). It also reads the parent directory to create the virtual environment.",
  "sinks": "The subprocess.run calls execute pip commands that install packages and upgrade pip/setuptools, which could be manipulated if inputs were malicious, but here they are hardcoded. The input() call waits for user confirmation.",
  "flows": "The code locates the wheel file, then runs pip install on it within the created virtual environment. No untrusted data flows from external sources to critical functions in an insecure manner.",
  "anomalies": "The use of subprocess.run with static command lists is standard. The only dynamic input is the wheel filename, obtained from the local 'dist' directory. The script waits for user input to proceed, which is benign but could be misused if the script were altered. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script automates environment setup and package installation. It reads the current directory for wheel files, creates a virtual environment in a temporary directory, installs the wheel, and prompts the user. The subprocess calls are straightforward and do not include user input or untrusted data. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection are present. The only potential concern is reliance on local wheel files, which if malicious, could execute harmful code upon installation, but this is typical for package testing and not malicious by itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a standard package testing routine with no indications of malicious intent. It relies on local files and system commands for package installation, which is common in testing scenarios. There are no suspicious behaviors, backdoors, or malicious actions detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}