{
  "purpose": "The code defines a configuration class for an API client, including settings for authentication, server details, logging, SSL, and retries. It manages various authentication schemes and provides methods for setting and retrieving configuration data.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from class attributes such as api_key, username, password, server_variables, host, and environment variables like sys.version and sys.platform.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include get_basic_auth_token() which constructs a basic auth header, get_api_key_with_prefix() which may include sensitive keys with prefixes, and auth_settings() which exposes auth info. These are used in constructing HTTP headers for authentication.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input attributes (e.g., username, password, api_key) to methods that generate authentication headers or configuration dictionaries. Sensitive data like API keys and credentials flow into headers and auth configuration outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are detected. The code appears to be standard configuration management for an API client, with no obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic execution, or hidden behaviors. Logging setup and SSL configurations are standard.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical API client configuration class with methods to handle various authentication schemes, server configurations, logging, and SSL settings. It reads input data from attributes, generates headers and auth settings, and manages debug/log levels. No malicious or suspicious code patterns are present. Sensitive data is handled through class attributes and methods that do not contain hardcoded secrets. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured configuration class for an API client, with no signs of malicious intent or supply chain attacks. It manages authentication and connection settings securely and does not include any suspicious or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}