{
  "purpose": "The code is a set of unit tests for Django forms and crispy-forms layout rendering, ensuring proper functionality, layout rendering, and internationalization handling.",
  "sources": "Input sources include Django form fields, form instances, form helpers, and context variables like form data, form helper configurations, and template context.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include rendering templates with the form data, especially where untrusted input might be rendered (e.g., HTML, layout fields, form data in templates). No direct data leaks or malicious code execution points are evident.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows from form fields, form data, or layout strings into template rendering, but no evidence of dangerous data handling like code injection, eval, or remote code execution paths.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code constructs are found. The code relies on Django's and crispy-forms' standard APIs, with no suspicious string evaluation or obfuscated code. Potentially risky usage is limited to expected template rendering which is safe in context.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs unit tests on form rendering, layout modifications, and internationalization. It does not include any network communication, file manipulation, or dynamic code execution. The only concern could be the test that adds a Unicode string 'españa' to the layout; however, this is part of a test case intended to verify handling of Unicode characters and not malicious. All other data inputs are static or controlled. No hardcoded credentials or secret leaks are present. There are no dangerous evals, execs, or dynamic code execution. The code strictly adheres to Django and crispy-forms API patterns, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a comprehensive set of unit tests for form rendering and layout in Django using crispy-forms. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code is safe, primarily focusing on verifying correct functionality and rendering behavior under various conditions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}