{
  "purpose": "The code is a test suite for Django forms using the crispy_forms library, verifying layout rendering, internationalization, formset behavior, and layout modifications.",
  "sources": "Imports from Django modules, crispy_forms components, and project-specific forms and utils; use of _get_new_csrf_string; reading form fields and layout definitions; rendering templates and forms.",
  "sinks": "Rendering templates with context; form helper layout modifications; template rendering with potentially unsafe HTML/JS; use of dynamic string concatenation in templates.",
  "flows": "Input data to form fields, layout definitions, and template variables; rendering functions produce HTML outputs; template rendering uses context variables that could contain malicious content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls observed. Usage of _get_new_csrf_string appears standard. No dynamic execution, eval, or obfuscated code present. Tests involve rendering and layout logic only.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive test suite focusing on rendering Django forms with crispy_forms. It tests various layout components, internationalization, formsets, model formsets, and layout manipulation. No code injection, network activity, or malicious logic is detected. The use of _get_new_csrf_string is standard for CSRF token generation, not an attack vector. No hidden backdoors or malicious payloads are evident. The HTML rendering involves safe use of template variables, and no unsafe data flows are identified. The overall code appears legitimate and focused solely on testing form rendering and layout behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of tests for Django crispy_forms layouts and rendering, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It uses standard Django testing practices and form handling. No dangerous or sabotage code is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}