{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of utilities and decorators for defining, managing, and verifying runtime contracts, invariants, preconditions, and postconditions on functions and class methods, including support for async functions and class invariants.",
  "sources": "The code reads function signatures, decorator attributes (__preconditions__, __postconditions__, __postcondition_snapshots__, __invariants__), and function calls and attributes for invariants, conditions, snapshots, and errors. It also inspects function arguments, class methods, and properties.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include: (1) invocation of user-provided condition and error functions, (2) creation of error messages, (3) raising of exceptions such as ViolationError, TypeError, RuntimeError, and custom errors, and (4) the execution of snapshot capture functions which may be user-defined.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function arguments and class instances into condition checks, snapshot captures, and error generation. Conditions and snapshot functions receive resolved argument mappings; errors may be raised with messages generated from conditions. Invariant checks and decorator attributes influence control flow.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code is present. The code employs extensive assertions and type checks. The use of 'inspect' and attribute access appears standard. No hardcoded credentials, network operations, or obfuscated code are detected. The pattern of raising exceptions and invoking user-defined functions is typical of contract programming.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically provides a framework for contract enforcement via decorators, including support for async functions. It uses inspection and attribute conventions to manage preconditions, postconditions, invariants, and snapshots. It handles recursive and re-entrant checks with context variables. There are no signs of malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or suspicious network activity. All functions focus on contract verification, exception raising, and attribute management. No hardcoded secrets, external network calls, or data leaks are observed. The code appears to be a well-structured, conventional implementation of runtime contract checking with extensive safeguards and error handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive, standard implementation of a design-by-contract framework for Python, supporting invariants, preconditions, postconditions, and snapshotting, with support for async functions. It contains no indications of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. The logic centers around function introspection, attribute management, and exception handling, all consistent with contract enforcement. Overall, it appears safe and free of malicious code.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 2
}