{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to add, find, and verify contract checkers and invariants in Python functions and classes, primarily for design by contract purposes including preconditions, postconditions, invariants, and snapshots.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function arguments, class instances, and decorated function attributes (__preconditions__, __postconditions__, __postcondition_snapshots__, etc.). It also reads signature parameters, defaults, and context variables.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include raising exceptions (ViolationError, TypeError, RuntimeError, etc.), creating and raising errors or exceptions (e.g., in _create_violation_error, add_invariant_checks). No direct data leak or network sink observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments and defaults to condition evaluations, which can trigger exceptions if contracts are violated. Contract attributes (like __preconditions__) flow into check functions, which may generate exceptions. Snapshot capture functions may involve asynchronous calls, but only within expected design boundaries.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious anomalies, backdoors, or hardcoded secrets. The code uses standard Python features, including inspection, context variables, decorators, and exception handling. No obfuscated or malicious-looking code segments are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of design by contract in Python, including support for both synchronous and asynchronous functions, class invariants, and dynamic decoration. It carefully manages recursive checks via context variables, performs runtime attribute manipulations, and includes functions to add preconditions, postconditions, snapshots, and invariants. The logic is consistent with standard contract enforcement patterns. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage techniques are evident. The use of exceptions, reflection, and dynamic attribute handling is consistent with typical contract libraries. The code appears to be a legitimate library component designed to enhance code correctness and robustness.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of design-by-contract enforcement mechanisms, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It relies on established Python features to provide runtime contract checking, invariant validation, and error reporting. The absence of suspicious data exfiltration, network activity, or stealthy backdoors indicates a low likelihood of malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}