{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for adding, managing, and checking contract preconditions, postconditions, and invariants on functions and classes to enforce design by contract principles.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function arguments, decorator attributes (__preconditions__, __postconditions__, __postcondition_snapshots__), and method parameters like 'self'. It also reads class invariants and function signature details.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include violation error creation, raising exceptions (ViolationError, TypeError, RuntimeError), and adding decorators or attributes to functions/classes. No direct data leaks or network interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments and decorator attributes into functions that check conditions, potentially raising errors. Function arguments are used to evaluate conditions, which if violated, raise exceptions. Decorators modify functions in-place to add contract checks.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses extensive dynamic decoration, including wrapping functions and class methods for invariant and contract checks, with support for async and sync functions. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code snippets are detected. No obfuscated code or malicious side-effects such as network communication or file damage are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs contract enforcement by decorating functions and class methods to check preconditions, postconditions, and invariants. It uses context variables to prevent recursive contract checks. All data reads are from function parameters or attributes. No network calls, file manipulations, or hidden backdoors are present. Exception handling is standard for contract violation reporting. The code appears to be a legitimate contract enforcement framework with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate, well-structured implementation of a design by contract system in Python. It performs runtime checks on functions and class invariants to enforce correctness, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The extensive use of dynamic decorators and async support is consistent with a contract enforcement library, not malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}