{
  "purpose": "The code provides a framework for adding, managing, and verifying contract checkers (preconditions, postconditions, invariants, and snapshots) on Python functions and class methods, primarily for runtime validation and debugging purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function arguments, method calls, class instances, and decorators; it inspects function signatures, attributes, and context variables.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any network operations, file system modifications, or execute untrusted code directly. It raises exceptions based on contract violations, but does not evaluate untrusted data in an unsafe manner.",
  "flows": "Input data from function arguments and decorator attributes flow through condition checks, invariant assertions, and snapshot captures. These flow into exception creation if conditions are violated, but no external or network sinks are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code utilizes extensive reflection, decorator stack traversal, and dynamic function wrapping, which could be exploited to obscure malicious intent if malicious decorators or attributes are injected. However, there are no signs of obfuscated or malicious code segments. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious hardcoded strings are present. No network connections, data exfiltration, or reverse shell behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive runtime contract checking framework, with functions for inspecting, wrapping, and managing preconditions, postconditions, invariants, and snapshots. It uses context variables to avoid recursive contract evaluation, supports both synchronous and asynchronous functions, and decorates class constructors and methods with invariant checks. The logic appears straightforward, with no embedded network access, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior. The code relies on raising exceptions and is designed for debugging and validation purposes only. The use of reflection and decorator stack traversal is consistent with standard metaprogramming practices, with no indication of obfuscation or sabotage. Overall, the code appears clean and solely focused on runtime contract enforcement.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a well-structured runtime contract checker designed for validation, not malicious activities. It does not contain malware or malicious behaviors, nor does it exfiltrate data or perform external communications. Its extensive use of reflection and dynamic decoration is typical for such frameworks. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected; the code is intended for enforcing code correctness.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}