{
  "purpose": "The code defines two dashboard widget models for RSS and iCalendar feeds, handling their data and rendering.",
  "sources": "Input data from URL fields (RSS and calendar URLs), and data retrieved from the database (related source objects).",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe operations include URL fetching via wXUgzPjthLkvnwLRUkrkITjwhNOkkWdk and deletion of related source objects.",
  "flows": "URLs are read from model fields; in the method xjapDWjkonEMiHQWETVFnWjeooBGDUUU, the URLs are used in external feed fetching; data flows from URL fields to feed parsing functions, and from database objects to deletion operations.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic import or code execution is not present. However, the method wXUgzPjthLkvnwLRUkrkITjwhNOkkWdk (imported from util.event_feed) is invoked without detailed inspection—potentially a point of concern depending on implementation. The code deletes related Source objects on model deletion, which could lead to data loss if misused. There are no hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors. Exception handling in calendar fetching logs errors but does not restrict further malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up two dashboard widgets with fields for URLs and display options. The functions for generating data (`jMHDfAiaUITwSJbujRFbBzJhswSHfPZV` and `xjapDWjkonEMiHQWETVFnWjeooBGDUUU`) fetch external feeds or calendar data using URLs stored in the database, utilizing an imported utility function. The `xjapDWjkonEMiHQWETVFnWjeooBGDUUU` method in both classes handles external data retrieval; in the calendar widget, it includes exception handling and logs errors, which is good practice. The deletion signal (`post_delete`) deletes associated Source objects, which may have security implications if misused, but the code does not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code is present. Overall, the code appears to perform its intended functions without suspicious behavior, but the external utility function’s implementation is unknown, which could be a concern depending on its behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code defines dashboard widgets for RSS and iCalendar feeds, with typical data handling and external feed fetching. There are no clear signs of malicious intent or backdoors. The only potential concern relates to the external utility function invoked for feed parsing, which is not provided. The deletion logic could cause data loss if misused but is not malicious. Overall, the package appears benign, with a low malware and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}