{
  "purpose": "The code is a parser for extracting and analyzing doctest parts from Python docstrings, converting them into executable parts for testing.",
  "sources": "Input is the docstring string, read via function arguments; source lines are extracted from the string for analysis.",
  "sinks": "Parsed source lines, including extracted code snippets and want statements, are processed and potentially compiled or executed internally.",
  "flows": "Source string input -> line labeling and parsing -> code extraction and grouping -> creation of DoctestPart objects -> optional execution or analysis.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network activity. It performs parsing, syntax checking, and source code analysis using AST and tokenization. No data leakage or privacy violation code is present. The _hack triple quote fix is a workaround for a known Python bug, not malicious. No obfuscated code or hidden behavior is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs static parsing and analysis of docstrings to identify code and want sections, using regex, AST parsing, and tokenization. It carefully labels lines, handles multiline statements, and adjusts line numbers for known Python issues. It includes detailed error handling and debug options. There are no signs of malicious code, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The workarounds for Python bugs are documented patches, not malicious modifications. No suspicious behavior or external malicious influence is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured static parser for doctest parts, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not perform any external network activities, data theft, or system modifications beyond parsing and syntax validation. Its complexity is solely for parsing purposes. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}