{
  "purpose": "This code parses Python docstrings into executable parts for doctest-like testing, including labeling lines, handling indentation, and managing code blocks and wanted output segments.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from provided strings or files containing docstrings and source code lines; line data is processed via string operations, AST parsing, and tokenizer analysis.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed internally; no direct sinks such as network connections, file writes, or system commands are present. The code does not execute untrusted code dynamically; parsing is static and controlled.",
  "flows": "Input strings are tokenized and parsed into AST; line labels are assigned; source code is analyzed for balanced statements; labeled lines flow into grouping functions; groups generate DoctestPart objects that contain code and expected outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code includes debugging and error handling mechanisms. No obfuscated or misleading variable names are used. The code carefully avoids executing untrusted code; it only analyzes source code statically. The workaround for Python bug 16806 is a known fix and not malicious. No network or system modifications are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script performs static analysis of source code, including AST parsing, line labeling, indentation normalization, and balanced statement checking. It features extensive debugging options and error reporting. All operations are confined to parsing, tokenizing, and analyzing code without executing or transmitting data. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as code injection, data theft, or external communication. The inclusion of debugging and exception handling indicates safety, not malicious intent. The functions operate purely on source code input, with no side effects beyond analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static parser for Python doctest-style docstrings, with thorough source analysis and no indications of malicious behavior. It is intended for safe internal use within testing frameworks. No malware or security risks are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}