{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Python client for interacting with ServiceNow instances, providing APIs for table operations, attachments, and batch requests. It manages authentication, session handling, and request batching for the ServiceNow REST API.",
  "sources": "Reads include user input parameters (e.g., instance URL, auth credentials), and internal method calls processing API requests and responses.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the HTTP request construction and sending points where untrusted data could be included in request URLs, headers, or bodies. The code constructs request objects and executes them via requests.Session.send().",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-supplied parameters (instance URL, auth info, sys_ids, etc.) into request URLs, headers, and bodies; then to the requests library, which sends HTTP requests to external servers.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears well-structured without obvious malicious code or backdoors. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious domain connections, or obfuscated logic. Usage of base64 encoding for batch request bodies is standard for encoding binary data, not malicious. The batch processing logic is for legitimate API batching, not hiding malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a comprehensive ServiceNow client with multiple APIs (table, attachment, batch). It uses standard practices for session management, retries, and request preparation. There are no signs of code injection, backdoors, or malicious behaviors such as network exfiltration, cryptomining, or hidden payloads. The handling of request data and responses follows normal patterns, and no obfuscated or suspicious code constructs are present. No hardcoded secrets are detected. The batch API uses base64 encoding for request bodies, which is typical for binary data handling, not malicious. Overall, the code appears legitimate and focused on interacting with a well-known REST API.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a ServiceNow API client with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles request creation, batching, and session management appropriately, with no suspicious or malicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}