{
  "purpose": "Provides a client interface to connect to the Iguazio Frames service, allowing data streaming to/from pandas DataFrames with configurable authentication methods.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (V3IO_SESSION, V3IO_FRAMESD, V3IO_USERNAME, V3IO_PASSWORD, V3IO_ACCESS_KEY, V3IO_API), function parameters (address, data_url, user, password, token, session_id), URL parsing (address), and session_from_env() function reading session data.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data; the code constructs session objects and initializes clients using provided parameters or environment variables.",
  "flows": "User input or environment variables (sources) are used to construct session objects and determine connection parameters, which are then used to instantiate either gRPC or HTTP clients (sinks).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets in the code. Usage of environment variables for credentials is standard. No obfuscated code or unusual control flows observed. No suspicious data handling or network connections directly initiated within this module.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles configuration and session setup for connecting to a backend service. It sanitizes and validates input parameters such as address, protocol, user credentials, and tokens. It appropriately distinguishes between different authentication methods. Environment variables are used for session and credentials, which is standard. No malicious or suspicious code patterns, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. No insecure data handling or unsafe code injection points identified. The only potential concern could be reliance on environment variables for sensitive data, but this is typical in such contexts and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a configuration and client instantiation module with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It adheres to typical patterns for secure client setup, with proper validation of inputs and careful handling of authentication credentials. No malware or malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}