{
  "purpose": "Provides an asynchronous API client for interacting with Immich's media management API, including listing albums, fetching album details, and retrieving asset information and size.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as 'base_url', 'api_key', 'album_id', and 'asset_id'. No external or untrusted sources are directly read in the code.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent via HTTP requests; responses are processed and returned as JSON. The only potential sink for untrusted data is the API endpoints which handle 'album_id' and 'asset_id', but these are used as URL path parameters rather than executed code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (album_id, asset_id) flow into URL construction for API calls, which are then sent over HTTP. Responses are awaited and returned as JSON objects, with no evident processing that could lead to code injection or data leakage.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. Use of async functions and retries with exponential backoff is standard. No suspicious or unusual code patterns observed. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a straightforward asynchronous API client with well-structured methods for various endpoints. It handles retries and errors appropriately. No indicators of malicious activity, such as data exfiltration, hidden network connections, or code injection points, are present. The use of 'api_key' in headers is typical for authenticated API calls. The URL parameters are safely embedded into the URL strings without dynamic execution. No obfuscation or malicious logic detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate, standard API client implementation for Immich with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It securely manages API key usage and employs proper error handling. No malicious or suspicious activities are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}