{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom output checker for doctests, specifically handling normalization of Python expression outputs, floating point comparisons, and string/number formatting adjustments to facilitate testing.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the 'want' and 'got' strings passed to methods like 'check_output' and 'normalize_floats'. No other external data sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of 're.sub' for string manipulation, 'float' conversion for numerical comparisons, and the use of 'numpy.isclose' or 'math.isnan' for floating point equality checks.",
  "flows": "Sources are the 'want' and 'got' strings; flows proceed through regex-based normalization and parsing functions ('do_fixes', 'normalize_floats', 'find_numbers') before reaching comparison functions ('equal_floats', 'normalize_floats'). The main flow is output normalization and comparison during testing.",
  "anomalies": "The code manipulates output strings heavily, but all such actions are within the context of output normalization for testing purposes. There are no hardcoded credentials, network operations, file modifications, or system commands. The numpy import is optional and used solely for numerical comparison.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily redefines and extends doctest's output checking for better handling of floating point numbers, string literals, and numpy array representations. No suspicious network, file, or system operations are present. The use of regex for string normalization is standard for output processing. The conditional import of numpy and fallback to math.isclose is safe. There are no signs of backdoors, malicious data exfiltration, or code injection. The code is designed for testing and normalization; it does not perform any harmful actions.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a safe, purpose-built extension for doctest output comparison. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage, only output normalization and comparison logic for testing purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}