{
  "purpose": "Defines an enumeration class for market price units with various class methods for value retrieval and validation.",
  "sources": "Imports from 'enum', 'typing', and 'gw.enums'. Reads class attributes, class variables, and dictionary keys for lookups.",
  "sinks": "Uses input parameters for validation in methods, particularly in 'MmAinsCSgiqSuwAvLnRHkXSOcHlIODRH', 'igCXaDmfXNrKDXCDVYsdvPBYwTYqwwPP', and 'zagNLHbRqRQFCZxgWvdMYCQmMNaTCzRP'. No external data input or output functions detected.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., 'btENOSSdZBjZJYosoXYuzWwuplzrzwxO', 'symbol') flow into validation and dictionary lookup logic. No external network or file data flows identified.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual code: The use of dynamically generated class method names and the creation of dictionaries with keys and values that seem to be placeholder strings ('000', 'USDPerMWh') suggests obfuscation or placeholder code. The code imports an 'auto' function but the import is incomplete or incorrect ('from enum import auto' without 'Enum' base class). Variable names are obfuscated and inconsistent, and the code lacks meaningful comments. The line defining 'zagNLHbRqRQFCZxgWvdMYCQmMNaTCzRP' uses a comprehension that appears to be incomplete or malformed, potentially causing runtime errors.",
  "analysis": "The code attempts to define an enum class with several class methods for retrieving and validating unit values, with data stored in dictionaries. The 'auto' import from 'enum' is incomplete, as the class does not inherit from 'Enum' (missing 'Enum' superclass). The use of obfuscated variable and method names indicates either obfuscation or placeholder code. The dictionary 'igCXaDmfXNrKDXCDVYsdvPBYwTYqwwPP' maps a string key to a unit string, which is used in validation functions. The 'zagNLHbRqRQFCZxgWvdMYCQmMNaTCzRP' dictionary is defined via a dictionary comprehension that appears malformed or incomplete, which could cause runtime issues. Overall, there is no direct evidence of malicious code such as network activity, file access, or backdoors. The code seems more like an obfuscated configuration or enum management module, possibly autogenerated.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be obfuscated enum-related code with placeholder or configuration data. No evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks was detected. The code's structure and naming conventions are suspicious and could be part of obfuscation or auto-generation. The incomplete or malformed dictionary comprehension is a potential source of runtime errors, but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}