{
  "purpose": "This code constructs a flight search filter, fetches flight data using the 'google_flights' library, and displays the results. It facilitates querying flight options based on specified criteria.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as search_airline('Ryanair'), search_airport('Madrid'), and the static date '2025-07-25'. It also reads from the 'create_filter' and 'get_flights_from_filter' functions.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs data to the console via print statements. No external data sinks or network transmissions are involved beyond the library functions, which are assumed to be legitimate.",
  "flows": "Sources include the search functions and static parameters; data flows into 'create_filter' to generate a filter object. This filter is then used by 'get_flights_from_filter' to retrieve flight data, which is subsequently processed and printed.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity are present. The code is straightforward and uses standard function calls.",
  "analysis": "The script creates a flight filter with specified parameters, fetches flight data via external library functions, and displays the results. It includes exception handling during data retrieval. The functions used are from an external 'google_flights' library, which appears to be used appropriately. No suspicious or malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security flaws are evident. The code does not handle sensitive data or perform any network operations beyond the library, which is presumed legitimate. The static date and search parameters are benign. Overall, the code is a typical flight search workflow with no security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, straightforward, and does not exhibit malicious or suspicious behavior. The scores assigned in the reports—malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, security risk: approximately 0.1–0.2—are appropriate and justified given the analysis. There are no indications of malicious intent, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The external library's trustworthiness should be considered, but based solely on this code, it is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}