{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to create a flight search filter, fetch flight data based on the filter, and display the results, simulating a flight search workflow using the 'google_flights' module.",
  "sources": "Input sources include user-defined parameters such as airline search ('search_airline'), airport search ('search_airport'), and flight data ('FlightData'). Data is fetched via 'get_flights_from_filter' from an external data source specified as 'js'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include printing data to the console and fetching flight data which may involve network requests or data processing within the 'google_flights' module.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs and function parameters into 'create_filter', then from the filter into 'get_flights_from_filter', and subsequently into the display/output logic. No untrusted data appears to be sent externally outside data retrieval functions.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. No suspicious network activity or data leaks are apparent. Exception handling is standard. The code primarily acts as an interface to the 'google_flights' library.",
  "analysis": "The script imports functions from 'google_flights' and orchestrates a straightforward flight search workflow. It constructs a filter with specified parameters, including airline and airport search functions, then retrieves and displays flight data. The code performs input handling, exception catching, and output formatting. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity. All functions seem to serve legitimate data processing purposes. The only external interaction is data retrieval and printing, which are typical for such scripts.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a flight search workflow using the 'google_flights' library. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It operates as expected for its purpose, with no anomalous or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}