{
  "purpose": "This code defines regular expressions and data structures for parsing address components in a larger geocoding or address normalization system.",
  "sources": "Imports from 're', 'itertools.chain', and local config module; uses external data structures such as STREET_TYPE, STATE_CODE, DIRECTIONAL, DIRECTION_CODE.",
  "sinks": "Regular expressions and data structures are used for pattern matching on address strings; no direct untrusted data sinks observed within this snippet.",
  "flows": "Code builds regex patterns from external data; patterns are likely used downstream to parse input address data.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex regex patterns with multi-line string definitions and dynamic pattern assembly. The regex patterns include multiple named groups and extensive string concatenations, which increase complexity. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated code features such as unusual language constructs or misleading variable names are detected. The extensive pattern building from external data is typical for address parsing modules.",
  "analysis": "The script imports necessary modules for regex and data processing, then constructs regex patterns dynamically based on address components such as street types, state codes, directional cues, and other address features. It appears to be part of an address parsing or validation library. The code’s complexity arises from regex pattern construction rather than malicious obfuscation. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or network activity. The patterns are purely for pattern matching. External data dependencies are used to generate regex patterns, which is standard for address normalization. Overall, this code appears to be a legitimate address parsing setup with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a configuration and pattern-building module for address parsing, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It is complex but consistent with typical address normalization code. No suspicious activity, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}