{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for manipulating Jupyter notebooks, such as removing outputs, handling metadata, and recursively popping nested dictionary keys.",
  "sources": "Reads input from notebook data structures (`nb`), including metadata, cells, and parameters; reads cell contents, tags, and outputs.",
  "sinks": "Modifies notebook data structures by removing or altering cell outputs, metadata, and IDs; potential for unintended data loss or corruption if misused, but no direct data leakage or malicious data transmission observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input notebook objects through functions that conditionally modify or remove outputs, metadata, and identifiers based on parameters, with no external network or file system interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious strings, or backdoors present. The code performs standard notebook cleanup tasks with straightforward logic. No obfuscated code or suspicious behavior identified.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard libraries (`collections`, `sys`) and defines functions for manipulating notebook content. Functions like `pop_recursive` enable nested key removal, and `strip_output` removes cell outputs and IDs based on parameters, with safeguards for metadata consistency. It handles different notebook versions and supports extra key removal. No external or network operations are performed, and the functions serve legitimate purposes related to notebook sanitization. The code does not include any suspicious logic, hidden backdoors, or malicious behavior. It operates solely within the scope of notebook data manipulation, which is a common and benign task.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility for cleaning and modifying Jupyter notebooks. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is well-structured, with no suspicious or obfuscated code segments. Overall, the risk is minimal, and no malicious intent is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}