{
  "purpose": "The code appears to manage database operations involving JSON objects and cryptographic keys, likely for a backend service related to 'bovine' data or assets, including schema generation, key management, and data cleanup.",
  "sources": "Data sources include function parameters, file reads (for JSON data), and database queries fetching records based on timestamps and object types.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are database queries executing delete operations and file reads; however, no data outputs or network transmissions are directly evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and file reads into database operations and cryptographic functions, with key data being generated, transformed, and stored. There are no evident untrusted data flows leading to sensitive data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains suspicious print statements revealing secret information, such as 'Your new secret: {secret}' and printing key details, which is a security risk. The variable 'secret_info' is printed but undefined in context. The presence of hardcoded SQL queries with string interpolation poses SQL injection risk if inputs are not sanitized, though in this context, parameters appear controlled. No clear malicious code or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script performs schema generation, cryptographic key creation, and database cleanup. Notably, the code exposes secrets via print statements, which could be a security breach if logs are exposed. The database deletion queries are parameterized with batch sizes and date intervals, but rely on string interpolation, potentially risky if parameters are untrusted. The cryptographic functions generate and handle private keys and identifiers, but there is no evidence of malicious network activity or backdoors. Overall, the code handles data and cryptography securely, aside from logging secrets, and contains no signs of malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not exhibit malicious intent but contains security issues related to exposing secrets in logs. No malware or supply chain sabotage is evident. The primary concern is the insecure logging practice rather than malicious behavior. The overall security risk is low, but logging sensitive data should be addressed.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}