{
  "purpose": "The code appears to manage database schema generation, key management, secret handling, and cleanup of old remote data entries in a database. It includes functions for generating keys, storing them, and deleting outdated records.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, environment variables (possibly in imported modules), and external files (for secrets). It also reads database data during prefetching related models.",
  "sinks": "Database query execution (execute_query), file reading (open), printing sensitive data, and potentially exporting or handling secrets like private keys.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters and external files into key generation and storage functions; secrets are loaded from files and possibly logged; database queries manipulate stored data based on time-based conditions; secrets are generated, converted, and stored in the database.",
  "anomalies": "The code logs sensitive information such as generated secrets, which is a security risk. Usage of open files for secrets with minimal validation is insecure. There are print statements exposing secrets and private keys. The database cleanup queries include dynamic SQL with string formatting that could be vulnerable to injection if inputs are not sanitized (though parameters seem controlled). The code also lacks exception handling for sensitive operations, and the use of print for secrets is inappropriate. Also, there is an empty execute_query call at the end, which is suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code performs multiple database operations including schema generation, fetching secrets, and cleaning old data. The functions handling secrets generate and convert cryptographic keys, but they print sensitive secrets, which could be exploited if logs are exposed. The file operations for secrets are insecure because they do not validate or encrypt data. The database cleanup sections dynamically construct SQL queries with string formatting, posing injection risks if inputs are manipulated. There is inconsistent exception handling, especially around critical delete operations. The overall structure indicates routine database and key management tasks but contains several insecure practices such as exposing secrets via print and reading secrets from files without proper security measures. No malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized access is explicitly present. However, the insecure handling of secrets and sensitive data exposure are significant security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not show clear malicious intent but demonstrates poor security practices, particularly around handling sensitive secrets and logging. There are no signs of malware or deliberate sabotage, but the exposure of secrets and insecure file handling could lead to security breaches if exploited. The overall security risk is moderate due to these issues.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "report_number": 5
}