{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for coordinate transformations involving Earth-centered and geodetic coordinate systems, specifically converting between ECEF, geodetic, ENU, AER, and ECI coordinate frames for satellite and observer positioning calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as ECEF coordinates, geodetic latitude/longitude/altitude, azimuth, elevation, slant range, and datetime objects for time-dependent transformations.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could be used in coordinate transformations, but the functions are mathematical; no network, file, or environment variable access is present that would leak data or cause harm.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (coordinates, angles, time) flow through transformation functions (ecef2enu, enu2aer, geodetic2enu, aer2ecef, etc.) leading to computed output coordinates or angles. No external data sinks are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard mathematical transformations with clear purpose. Exception handling is minimal but appropriate for import errors.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of well-defined coordinate transformation functions utilizing established geospatial formulas. No obfuscated language features, dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors are observed. The import statements include optional ECI transformations with a fallback, which is standard. No network or file I/O is present, and the functions do not execute any system commands or access sensitive data. The code appears to be a clean, domain-specific library for satellite/observer coordinate conversions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard geospatial transformation library with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. It contains no malicious or suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated segments. Overall, it appears safe and appropriate for its intended use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}