{
  "purpose": "Define callback protocols and a configuration model for rate limiter logging callbacks, including functions to generate log-based callbacks using loguru.",
  "sources": "Imports from typing, pydantic, token_throttle, and loguru; function parameters; class attributes; callback function definitions; dynamic import of loguru inside _get_loguru_logger().",
  "sinks": "Logging functions that send logs via loguru, which could potentially send data over the network if loguru is configured improperly, but no direct untrusted data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Callback functions receive data such as model_family, usage, capacities, etc., and pass this data to loguru's logger.log method for output; no data flows from external untrusted sources into sensitive operations within this code.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically imports 'loguru' and raises an exception if not available. The create_loguru_callbacks function accepts string parameters for log levels, defaulting to 'DEBUG', which is standard. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. No obfuscated or unusual code structures.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple Protocol classes for callbacks, a data model for callbacks configuration, and functions to generate logging callbacks that utilize the loguru logger. The logger is imported dynamically, and if missing, an informative ImportError is raised. The loguru logger is used solely for logging with specified levels and messages; no data is sent over the network or stored maliciously. The callback functions are intended for logging purposes only, with no indication of malicious activity or malicious data handling. The structure and format of code are straightforward, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of callback protocols and logging configuration for a rate limiter system. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. The use of loguru is proper, and no suspicious activities are detected. Overall, the code appears safe and intended for standard logging purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}