{
  "purpose": "The class provides simple encoding and decoding (encryption/decryption) of text messages through character replacement, likely for obfuscation or encoding purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data is received as a string argument to the 'encrypt' and 'decrypt' methods.",
  "sinks": "The methods perform replacements on the input string and return the transformed string; no external or network outputs are directly involved.",
  "flows": "Input strings are transformed via sequential character replacements during encryption and decryption, with no complex data flow beyond direct character substitution.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs extensive character replacement to obfuscate data, which is a form of simple encoding rather than encryption. No hardcoded credentials, network communication, or malicious code (such as system modifications, data exfiltration, or backdoors) are present. The use of character replacements appears purely for obfuscation. No obfuscated or malicious behavior is detected; the code is straightforward and benign.",
  "analysis": "The class 'TokenCryptor' performs bidirectional character replacements to encode and decode strings. The 'encrypt' method replaces specific characters with symbols or emojis, and 'decrypt' reverses these replacements. The replacement mappings are extensive but standard, with no external dependencies, network calls, or system modifications. No suspicious input handling, security flaws, or malicious patterns are observed. The design is simple and seems aimed at basic obfuscation or encoding rather than secure encryption. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign character substitution utility for encoding and decoding strings. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. Its purpose appears to be simple obfuscation, and no malicious signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}