{
  "purpose": "The code implements a customizable progress bar decorator for iterators, providing real-time progress display features such as ETA, speed, and postfix stats, primarily used for monitoring long-running processes.",
  "sources": "Input sources include the iterable being decorated, environment variables for configuration, and external files like sys.stderr/sys.stdout for output.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are write operations to sys.stderr/sys.stdout, file objects, and any external stream passed as parameters, which could be manipulated to inject or alter output.",
  "flows": "Input data from iterables flow through the update methods, which then format progress information and output it to the designated file streams. External configuration via environment variables influences formatting and behavior.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No suspicious network or system modifications are present. Usage of thread locks and environment wrappers appear standard. No obfuscated code features or hidden behaviors identified. No indications of code that sends system data, connects to suspicious domains, or performs malicious system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a robust, feature-rich implementation of a progress bar with various formatting options, environment-based configuration, and thread safety. It utilizes standard Python modules and well-known design patterns for safe output handling. No code appears to perform any unauthorized or malicious actions such as network communication, data theft, or system sabotage. The use of external modules (_monitor, utils) is typical for such functionality, with no suspicious calls. The code does not dynamically execute untrusted input, nor does it contain backdoors or covert channels.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, widely-used progress bar implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It operates within expected parameters, providing visual progress updates without compromising security. Therefore, it is assessed as safe with a low malware likelihood.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}