{
  "purpose": "The code provides a customizable progress bar decorator for iterators, including utilities for formatting, threading, and pandas integration, primarily used for visual progress indication during iterations.",
  "sources": "Reads input from parameters such as 'iterable', 'file', 'total', and environment variables (via envwrap). It also reads function calls for display updates, locks, and pandas DataFrame/Series/groupby methods.",
  "sinks": "Outputs to 'file' (default sys.stderr), particularly via self.sp (status_printer), and 'write' calls within 'close', 'clear', 'refresh', and 'display' methods. No untrusted data directly affects critical data sinks; display functions mainly output formatted strings.",
  "flows": "Data flows from iterable to update and display functions, with progress metrics computed and formatted, then output via print/write functions. Lock acquisition ensures thread safety during display updates.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation. Uses standard libraries, and all imports are from well-known modules or relative imports. No suspicious dynamic code execution or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a progress bar with extensive formatting and threading support. It manages internal state, threading locks, and display updates. All inputs are from parameters or environment, with outputs directed to standard output streams. No malicious patterns such as network connections, system modifications, or data leaks are present. Functions are mostly for formatting, threading, and display, all consistent with legitimate progress bar functionality. The pandas integration dynamically patches methods; no suspicious behavior is involved. The overall design emphasizes safe thread handling and user-configurable formatting without any malicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, standard implementation of a customizable progress bar library for Python, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It relies on common libraries and functions, and all data flows are confined within legitimate display and control operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}