{
  "purpose": "The code implements a customizable progress bar decorator for iterators, primarily to provide visual feedback during iteration, including features like dynamic formatting, thread safety, and pandas integration.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from iterable objects passed to tqdm, environment variables via envwrap, and possibly environment size info through _screen_shape_wrapper.",
  "sinks": "Output is written to sys.stderr or other file-like objects via the status_printer, display, and write methods. The code also interacts with environment variables through envwrap, and can write formatted progress strings directly to output streams.",
  "flows": "Input data from iterable objects is monitored during iteration; progress data (n, total, elapsed) flows into format_meter, which constructs a progress bar string; this string is then sent to the output stream via the status_printer or display functions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. There are extensive warning and error handling mechanisms. The code performs environment shape detection and dynamic formatting but does not perform any network activity or system modifications. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are observed. Usage of WeakSet for internal instance tracking is benign. All external calls are to standard Python modules or internal utility functions, with no evidence of malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of a progress bar utility, with features like thread safety, dynamic formatting, environment-aware resizing, and pandas integration. It uses safe standard library functions, handles errors gracefully, and does not include any code that sends data over the network, modifies system files, or executes untrusted code. There are no suspicious patterns such as hardcoded credentials, code injection, or system manipulation. The only potential concern is the environment shape detection and environment variable wrapping, but these are benign and typical for such utilities. Overall, the code appears to be a well-structured, safe progress bar implementation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate, non-malicious implementation of a customizable progress bar utility for Python. It does not exhibit any malware characteristics, suspicious network activity, or malicious modifications. The overall security risk score is very low, with no indicators of sabotage or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}