{
  "purpose": "The code provides an API for interacting with ONNX Runtime, registering custom operations, and model processing functionalities, primarily for model pre- and post-processing tasks.",
  "sources": "Import statements for internal modules (. _version, . _ocos, . _cuops, . _ortapi2, .cvt) and external libraries (onnx, onnxruntime). Usage of attributes like __author__ and license comments.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks for untrusted data; the code does not process user input or untrusted data streams. It imports modules and defines functions, with no evident data leaks or system commands.",
  "flows": "No explicit data flow from untrusted sources to sinks; the code initializes modules and sets up API functions, with conditional behavior based on the availability of onnx and onnxruntime.",
  "anomalies": "Use of try-except for importing external libraries; conditional unimplemented functions that raise NotImplementedError if dependencies are missing; import of wildcard modules (. _cuops, . _ortapi2, .cvt) which could conceal hidden functionalities. No hardcoded credentials, no obfuscated code, and no suspicious function calls detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up an API interface with conditional loading based on library availability. The try-except block prevents failure if dependencies are missing, which is standard practice. The wildcard imports may obscure potentially malicious hidden functions, but given the context (public SDK), this is typical. No signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The code's structure and comments suggest it is a legitimate SDK component for model processing with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard SDK module for interacting with ONNX Runtime and related components. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected. The use of wildcard imports is common in SDKs to expose multiple functions, not inherently suspicious. Overall, it has a low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}