{
  "purpose": "This code sets up a recursive plan execution environment for a scientific data acquisition system, subscribing to a database and a run router, and defining a recursive data collection plan.",
  "sources": "Imports from databroker, event_model, ophyd.sim, bluesky modules; global variables n_calls, n_calls_max; hw object initialization; run engine (RE); database (db); function parameters npts.",
  "sinks": "The code does not appear to process untrusted input data or write data to external systems in an insecure manner. No direct network transmission, file writes, or system modifications are observed.",
  "flows": "The plan recursively calls itself with incremented npts, generating run keys for each invocation. No external data flows or untrusted data sinks are identified outside normal variable usage and plan execution.",
  "anomalies": "Use of global variables for recursion control is potentially unsafe but not malicious. The recursive plan construction is standard for this context. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code patterns are evident. No obfuscation or misleading variables observed.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a Bluesky data acquisition environment with a database and a run router. It defines a recursive plan that increments a counter and generates a unique run key for each plan invocation. The recursive plan involves nested generator functions decorated to assign run keys and metadata. No malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful system modifications is present. The code appears to be a standard scientific data collection script with recursive calls, with no signs of malicious intent or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate scientific data acquisition script implementing recursive plans with proper use of Bluesky frameworks. No malware, malicious behavior, or security risks are detected. It operates within expected bounds for such an application.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}