{
  "purpose": "This code serves as a template for implementing a custom survival predictor in the skpro framework. It provides structure and instructions for defining methods related to fitting, prediction, and testing, but does not implement any functional logic itself.",
  "sources": "There are no explicit sources of input or data reading beyond method parameters. No data ingestion, file reading, or external input handling is present in the code.",
  "sinks": "No sinks or data leaks are evident; the code does not process or output untrusted data or system information. It mainly defines method signatures and documentation placeholders.",
  "flows": "There are no active data flows or source-to-sink paths, as the code contains only class definitions and method placeholders with no executable logic.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no anomalies or suspicious behavior. It is purely a structural template with detailed instructions and comments. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive scaffold for developing a custom survival analysis estimator within the skpro framework. It includes placeholders for core methods such as _fit, _predict, and probabilistic prediction methods. There are no implementations or logic that could execute or cause malicious effects. The class and methods are designed to be filled in by developers, with clear instructions and comments. There are no indications of obfuscated code, malicious imports, or hidden system interactions. It adheres to standard coding patterns for an estimator template and contains no potentially harmful constructs.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign, well-structured template intended for developer use in extending the skpro survival prediction framework. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It solely provides a scaffold for implementation, with no active data handling or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 5
}