{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom exception classes and related types for handling authentication errors in a Python application, primarily for structured error handling and reporting.",
  "sources": "Input sources include error messages and status/error codes passed during exception instantiation.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the to_dict() methods which output error details, but these are for serialization and do not involve untrusted data handling or external actions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from error message and code inputs into exception objects, which are then converted to dictionaries for reporting purposes. No external data or untrusted sources are processed directly.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or suspicious constructs are present. The code is straightforward, defining classes and types without dynamic code execution or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a hierarchy of custom exceptions related to authentication errors, including various specific error types with associated data fields. It uses type annotations and structured data for error reporting. No input parsing, external data handling, or side effects are present. The error classes serve purely as structured data containers for internal use or external error reporting. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious code. The to_dict methods facilitate serialization but do not perform any unsafe operations. Overall, the code appears standard for structured error handling in a security-sensitive context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of custom error classes for structured exception handling related to authentication processes. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is well-structured, type-annotated, and designed solely for error reporting purposes. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}