{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to format and display linting and formatting results in the console, including statistics and error summaries for a Python project.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include: file_errors (iterable of ProcessResult), configuration settings (config), and error details (error, errors, etc.). The code reads these inputs for output formatting. Environment variables are not directly accessed.",
  "sinks": "Console output via 'echo()' (from click), which displays messages, errors, and statistics. No other external data sinks are apparent.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (file_errors, errors, config) to output functions (build_output, build_check_output, build_stats_output), which format and print the data to the console.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior observed. The code employs standard formatting, sorting, and output routines. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The only potential concern is the use of 'sys.stdout.reconfigure', but it is a benign attempt to set encoding.",
  "analysis": "The script is purely for console formatting and output of linting results, errors, and statistics. It does not perform data collection, network communication, or system modification. It reads input data, processes it for display, and outputs via standard console methods. No suspicious behavior, external connections, or malicious logic detected. No hidden backdoors, code injection, or data exfiltration routines are present. Usage of 're' for regex is standard, with no malicious pattern or code execution. The code is straightforward and well-structured for its purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility for formatting and displaying linting results. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The functions are used for output formatting only, with no external or covert activities detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}