{
  "purpose": "This code calculates various radii of curvature for an ellipsoid model, specifically for geodetic calculations related to Earth and other ellipsoids.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as geodetic latitude ('lat', 'geodetic_lat') and ellipsoid parameters (from the imported Ellipsoid object). It also reads configuration options like 'deg' to determine whether input/output angles are in degrees or radians.",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical computations and does not contain any sinks that handle untrusted or external data inputs that could lead to vulnerabilities or data leaks.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('lat', 'geodetic_lat', 'ell', 'deg') flow into mathematical functions (cos, sin, sqrt, radians) without any external or untrusted data sources. The results are used for calculations only, with no data being sent elsewhere or affecting system state.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward with standard mathematical operations and clear function definitions. There are no suspicious or unusual code patterns, no hardcoded secrets or credentials, and no dynamic code execution or obfuscated logic. The import statements are standard for a scientific computation module.",
  "analysis": "The code provides functions to calculate geocentric radius, parallel radius, meridian radius, and transverse radius based on an ellipsoid model. It uses a well-defined Ellipsoid class to get parameters like 'semimajor_axis' and 'eccentricity'. Input validation or sanitization is not explicitly performed but is not typically necessary for mathematical functions of this nature. No external data sources, network connections, or file operations are present that could be exploited maliciously. The code appears to be a legitimate scientific calculation module with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for geodetic calculations related to ellipsoid radii. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. The implementation appears safe, with no indications of sabotage, backdoors, or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}