{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to facilitate building and packaging a Python project involving ONNX models, with integration of CMake for native extension compilation and various build customization options.",
  "sources": "Input sources include environment variables (e.g., 'CMAKE_ARGS', 'MAX_JOBS', 'ONNXSIM_SDIST', 'USE_MSVC_STATIC_RUNTIME', 'ONNX_ML', 'ONNX_VERIFY_PROTO3', 'ONNX_BUILD_TESTS', 'COVERAGE', 'DEBUG'), subprocess outputs (git commands for version info), and file reads (VERSION file, README.md).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include subprocess.check_call for running CMake and build commands, file writing to 'version.py', reading environment variables that may influence build parameters, and the dynamic import and execution of subprocesses.",
  "flows": "Input from environment variables influences build configuration; subprocess commands (git, cmake, build) execute external processes; version info is written to a file; environment variables can modify build args; subprocess output influences version setting.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs dynamic execution of subprocesses without sanitization; environment variables directly affect build commands and configurations, which can be manipulated. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No suspicious network activity or reverse shells are detected. The code structure is complex but appears consistent with build scripts; no obfuscation or unusual language features are identified.",
  "analysis": "The script uses subprocess to invoke system commands for versioning, which could be exploited if environment variables are maliciously set, but this is standard in build scripts. The use of environment variables to modify build configurations is typical. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity is evident. The build process is complex but aligns with common practices for native extension compilation with CMake. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are observed. The code's purpose is legitimate; no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build and packaging script for a Python project involving native extensions with CMake integration. It uses environment variables and subprocess calls in a standard manner. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It poses no apparent security risks beyond typical build configuration manipulations, which are expected in such scripts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}