{
  "purpose": "This script is used for building, configuring, and packaging a Python project related to onnx-simplifier, including running CMake to compile native extensions.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables, executes shell commands ('git', 'cmake'), reads files ('VERSION', 'README.md'), and interacts with the filesystem (creating directories, reading and copying files).",
  "sinks": "Executes subprocess commands for 'git', 'cmake', and 'make'; writes to files ('version.py'); reads environment variables that influence build configuration; copies files within build directories.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and file reads influence subprocess commands and file writes; subprocess commands invoke external build tools ('git', 'cmake', 'make') which affect system state; file operations create or modify files in build directories.",
  "anomalies": "Use of subprocess to execute 'git' commands and external build tools could be exploited if environment variables are manipulated maliciously. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code constructs build commands dynamically based on environment variables, which could be misused if environment variables are maliciously set. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily orchestrates build processes, invoking external tools and reading environment variables to configure build options. It reads version info from 'git' or fallback files, writes version data to a source file, and performs filesystem operations to prepare build directories. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system damage. The subprocess calls are standard for build scripts, and no suspicious external network activity is observed. The dynamic use of environment variables is typical for build customization, but could be a vector if environment variables are maliciously set.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build and packaging script with no apparent malicious intent. It dynamically constructs build commands based on environment variables and executes external tools for compiling extensions. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are detected. It appears safe and purposeful for its intended build orchestration.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}