{
  "purpose": "The code reads CSV files, processes guide sequences, trims sequences, and saves/loads data via pickle, primarily for bioinformatics workflows.",
  "sources": "File reads from CSVs, sequence columns in dataframes, filename variables (notably 'name') used in pickle load/save functions.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted pickle files loaded via pickle.load, potential for arbitrary code execution if pickle files are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Data read from CSVs -> sequence processing and trimming -> pickle serialization/deserialization using filenames based on 'name' variable.",
  "anomalies": "Use of pickle for serialization/deserialization without validation, 'name' variable used in file operations but undefined within the code, potential external influence.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard data processing with pandas, sequence manipulations, and pickle serialization. The main security concern is the use of pickle, which can execute arbitrary code if untrusted pickle files are loaded. The variable 'name' used for filenames is undefined, which could lead to runtime errors or exploitation if 'name' is externally controlled. No network activity, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The scores assigned in the reports vary, but given the inherent risks of pickle, a high malware score (close to 0.9) is justified if untrusted pickle files are loaded. The overall security risk is moderate, primarily due to pickle's potential for executing malicious code if data is untrusted. The code itself is typical for bioinformatics workflows, with no malicious intent evident. The main mitigation is to avoid loading untrusted pickle files or sanitize filenames and data sources.",
  "conclusion": "The code is standard data processing code with a significant security consideration regarding pickle usage. If the pickle files or filenames are influenced by untrusted sources, this could lead to arbitrary code execution. No active malicious behavior or obfuscation is detected. The risk is primarily from unsafe pickle handling, which should be addressed by validating or avoiding untrusted pickle data. The overall malware score should be low (0), with a moderate security risk (~0.2-0.3) if filenames or pickle data are externally influenced.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}