{
  "purpose": "The code defines a high-level Python class for managing GSSAPI security contexts, providing methods for context creation, token processing, signing, wrapping, unwrapping, and exporting security contexts.",
  "sources": "Import statements for gssapi.raw modules, class __new__ method processing tokens, methods that call external gssapi.raw functions (e.g., get_mic, verify_mic, wrap, unwrap, export_sec_context, process_context_token, inquire_context, context_time), and class properties that invoke _utils.inquire_property.",
  "sinks": "Methods that invoke gssapi.raw functions with the context object as input, especially functions that handle untrusted tokens or data such as process_token, get_signature, verify_signature, wrap, unwrap, encrypt, decrypt, and export.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data (tokens, messages, signatures) flows from external input through methods like process_token, then to underlying gssapi.raw functions for processing. Signed or encrypted data flows back through methods like get_signature, wrap, decrypt, and export, potentially exposing sensitive context information if mishandled.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns. Use of external raw functions is standard for a gssapi wrapper; no obfuscation or misleading variable naming detected. Deprecated method noted but not malicious. No network connections, file operations, or data exfiltration code observed.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a comprehensive, well-structured wrapper around low-level gssapi functions, providing high-level context management. It correctly manages context state, token processing, and exporting. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data leakage, network communication, backdoors, or code injection. Use of external gssapi functions aligns with normal library usage. The only potential concern is if untrusted tokens are processed without validation, but this is inherent to GSSAPI's design, not an indication of malicious intent. The code is consistent with legitimate security context management, with no malicious or sabotage indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, legitimate GSSAPI security context management class with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It properly handles tokens and context state, providing typical security operations. No malware indicators or security risks are detected beyond normal operational concerns associated with processing untrusted tokens.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}