{
  "purpose": "This code defines Pulumi input types and data structures for configuring HPC Cache resources, such as access policies, directory settings, LDAP, DNS, and identity management.",
  "sources": "Data is read from constructor parameters, environment variables (indirectly), and Pulumi inputs via 'pulumi.get()' calls.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include 'pulumi.set()' functions that assign values to resource configuration, but there are no sinks that lead to system commands, network transmissions, or file system modifications outside Pulumi's resource definitions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor parameters (sources) into Pulumi input objects and then into resource configuration via 'pulumi.set()'. No untrusted external data (e.g., user input or network data) is used directly for sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscated code, or malicious network calls are present. The initial comment warns that the file is auto-generated by Pulumi's tool. No code appears to perform malicious activities or privacy violations. No malicious logic, such as data exfiltration or reverse shells, is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of class definitions for Pulumi resource input types with clear parameter validation and property getters/setters. It does not perform runtime operations like network communication, file system access, or code execution. The use of 'pulumi.set()' and 'pulumi.get()' is consistent with resource configuration rather than malicious behavior. The comments are standard documentation, and the initial warning indicates auto-generation. No suspicious or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of Pulumi resource configuration classes and data structures with no signs of malicious intent. It appears to be auto-generated for infrastructure provisioning purposes. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}