{
  "purpose": "The code defines data classes and types for configuring an HPC Cache via Pulumi, including access policies, directory configurations, LDAP, DNS, and identity management. It appears to be auto-generated boilerplate for resource configuration.",
  "sources": "Data input parameters for various resource configuration classes (e.g., LDAP server info, DNS servers, access policies, identity info, file URIs). These are set through constructors and property setters.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain sinks that execute untrusted data or perform harmful actions. It primarily sets internal state via Pulumi's `pulumi.set` and `pulumi.get` methods, with no network connections, system calls, or data leaks embedded.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor parameters or property setters into internal Pulumi state, then retrieved via getters. No external data or untrusted sources are processed dynamically at runtime beyond input assignment.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a warning comment about auto-generated files. No suspicious or malicious patterns such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. No code injection, dynamic code execution, or external network activity is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a structured set of auto-generated data classes for resource configuration, using standard Pulumi patterns. It uses type hints, property accessors, and straightforward data assignment. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are evident. The primary purpose is to define configuration structures safely. There are no dynamic code evaluations, network communications, or secret exposures. The only potential concern is the initial warning comment about auto-generation, but that is benign and standard for code generation tools.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a boilerplate, auto-generated configuration class definitions for HPC Cache resource management via Pulumi. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The code is consistent with safe resource configuration practices.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}