{
  "purpose": "Defines a custom character encoding codec 'cp1122' for encoding and decoding text data, primarily for use in text processing applications.",
  "sources": "The decoding_table string where the character mappings are defined, which maps byte values to Unicode characters.",
  "sinks": "The encode() and decode() methods of the Codec class, which convert between text and byte data using the specified character mapping.",
  "flows": "decode() reads byte data and maps it to Unicode characters via decoding_table; encode() maps Unicode text to bytes via encoding_table. The flow is straightforward character translation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. The code strictly defines a character mapping codec. No dynamic code execution, network operations, or system modifications present. The decoding_table contains Unicode characters, but no signs of obfuscation or hidden malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The script constructs a character encoding codec based on a predefined character mapping table. It includes classes for encoding, decoding, and stream processing, all of which rely on static tables and standard Python codecs API. The decoding_table is extensive but static, directly mapping byte values to Unicode characters. There is no dynamic code, network activity, or external resource access. The code is standard for custom codecs and contains no signs of malicious behavior. The use of __future__ import ensures compatibility with Python 2.6+, which is a common practice for backward compatibility but not suspicious. Overall, the code appears to be a benign implementation of a character encoding codec.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward, static implementation of a custom character encoding codec using the Python codecs API. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. The code is standard for defining a codec and does not contain any suspicious or malicious elements.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}