{
  "purpose": "Client library for searching and retrieving images and tags from konachan.net, including utilities for appending URLs and processing search results.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters such as query, block, limit, page, and gacha; requests data from external APIs via the 'request' and 'request_wildcard' functions.",
  "sinks": "Processes data returned from external API calls; manipulates and returns JSON objects; potential data leaks if data is mishandled externally.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> request functions -> data processing (append_object, parse_image) -> returns processed data.",
  "anomalies": "Uses 're.findall' with user-provided 'block' parameter, which could be misused for regex-based DoS if malicious regex is provided. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors. No suspicious code injections, eval, or dynamic code execution detected. No evident obfuscation. The import of random.shuffle without restrictions is noted but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code functions mainly as an API wrapper for konachan.net, handling search queries and processing results. No evidence of malicious payloads, network connections to suspicious domains, or data exfiltration methods. The use of external request functions relies on imported utilities, which are not provided, but their use appears standard. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible. The regex use with user input could be misused but is a common pattern. No obfuscation or hidden backdoors are present. The overall structure is typical for an API client.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward API client for fetching images and tags from konachan.net with no indications of malicious intent. It primarily processes and returns data without malicious payloads or suspicious behaviors. Slight caution is warranted due to regex use with user input, but this is standard and not inherently malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}