{
  "purpose": "This code initializes and sets up a Python SDK for interacting with the Qlik platform, importing various API modules and defining the main Qlik class with configuration, authentication, and service attributes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data mainly from the Config object during initialization and uses imported modules for API interactions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of configuration data to establish connections, and method calls that may send or receive data over the network.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the Config object to various class attributes such as ApiKeys, Apps, Audits, etc., which are used to perform API requests and interactions with the platform.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or obfuscated patterns are present. The code appears to be standard SDK setup code, with multiple deprecated attributes that are simply aliases. No unusual code execution, dynamic code evaluation, or hidden behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily initializes the Qlik class with multiple attributes linked to various API modules, passing configuration data into each. It imports several modules, but there are no signs of malicious code, such as code injection, data leakage, or remote control functionalities. The deprecated attributes are simply aliases, not malicious. The class documentation and example usage are typical for SDKs. There are no network communications or system modifications evident in this code snippet. Overall, this appears to be a legitimate SDK setup without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard SDK initialization class that sets up connections and API access points for the Qlik platform. It does not contain malicious or suspicious behavior. The presence of deprecated aliases suggests ongoing maintenance but does not indicate malicious activity. Overall, the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}