{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to compute Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence between various probability distributions (Dirichlet, normal, multivariate normal, gamma, Wishart) for statistical and machine learning applications.",
  "sources": "None of the functions read untrusted input directly; all data is expected to be passed as function arguments, typically numpy arrays.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write or transmit data; it performs calculations locally. No data leakage or insecure data handling observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters (distributions' parameters) through mathematical operations to return KL divergence values; no external or untrusted data flow identified.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious logic are present. The functions perform standard statistical computations. The only assertion checks are for non-negativity of divergence results, which is expected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions for divergence calculations between probability distributions, using standard mathematical formulas. It imports numpy and scipy special functions for gamma and digamma calculations. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The functions rely on reliable numerical operations and utility functions from an imported _utils module, which is presumed to provide safe linear algebra operations. The code appears clean, well-structured, and focused solely on statistical computations. No signs of obfuscation or malicious intent are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of divergence metrics between probability distributions for statistical purposes. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The functions perform legitimate calculations with no external side effects or suspicious operations.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 1
}