{
  "purpose": "Provides functions to compute Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence between various probability distributions, including Dirichlet, normal, multivariate normal, gamma, and Wishart distributions.",
  "sources": "Imports numpy, scipy.special, and a local _utils module. Reads input parameters for divergence calculations, including distribution parameters such as means, variances, covariance matrices, and shape parameters.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks found; no data is being written to external systems, files, or network connections.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., distribution parameters) flow into divergence functions, which perform mathematical calculations and return results. No untrusted data flow into insecure functions or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. The code performs standard mathematical computations for statistical divergences.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several functions to compute the KL divergence between different probability distributions, utilizing numpy and scipy for numerical operations. The functions validate data as numpy arrays, perform matrix inversions, trace calculations, and use special functions like gammaln and digamma. The _utils module is invoked for log-determinant calculations, which appears to be standard for such computations. The code comments and formulas correspond with accepted statistical divergence formulas. No suspicious or malicious logic, such as network activity, file operations, or code injection, is present. The code appears to be well-structured, with clear purposes for each function and no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of mathematical functions for divergence calculations between distributions. It performs standard statistical computations without any suspicious behavior or malicious intent. There are no indicators of supply chain attacks, hidden backdoors, or malicious data leaks. Overall, the code appears benign and trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}