{
  "purpose": "The code implements a SQL-like query parser for in-memory JSON data, DynamoDB, and S3 sources, facilitating data filtering, selection, insertion, updating, and deletion without external system interactions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from in-memory data structures (JSON strings, dictionaries, lists), and parses query strings using regex and string operations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write to external systems, network, or files; data modifications are confined to in-memory structures. No untrusted data is sent externally.",
  "flows": "Input data is parsed from source variables; query strings are split into clauses; source data is filtered or modified based on parsed clauses; results are generated or data structures updated in memory.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or dynamic code execution detected. Regex usage is standard; no obfuscation present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard in-memory data parsing and manipulation based on SQL-like queries. It uses regex for clause splitting, which is common in query parsers. No external network or file I/O occurs. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The malware score is 0, as there are no malicious payloads or behaviors. The security risk is minimal, with a score around 0.1 to 0.2, mainly due to the potential for crafted malicious input in query strings, but the code itself remains benign. The overall structure and logic are straightforward and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, safe implementation of query parsing for in-memory JSON and DynamoDB data, with no signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or external side effects. The low malware and obfuscation scores are justified, and the minimal security risk reflects cautious but justified assessment of the parsing approach. Overall, the code poses no supply chain security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}