{
  "purpose": "This code defines data classes for Length and Rotation with static methods for creating instances and converting between units. It appears to be a utility module for measurement conversions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters in the class methods (e.g., fromCm, fromIn, fromDegrees, fromRadians). No external data sources or user inputs are directly read within this snippet.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks; no data is written to external systems, files, or network connections. No untrusted data is processed for output.",
  "flows": "The conversion methods create objects from input parameters and convert between units. The data flows internally between methods for calculations but do not lead to external systems or outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors. The classes are straightforward measurement representations with conversion logic. No obfuscated or suspicious language features. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or data leakage observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of measurement utility classes for Length and Rotation with conversion functions and multiple static constructors. The code is well-structured, with no signs of malicious intent. No external data access, network activity, or malicious behavior evident. The code strictly performs mathematical conversions and object representations. The presence of imported modules 'math', 'dataclasses', and local modules 'Alt.Units' and 'Types' do not pose security issues by themselves, assuming they are trusted. There is no indication of supply chain attacks or malicious code within this fragment.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a benign utility module for handling length and rotation measurements with conversion capabilities. It does not contain any malicious or suspicious behavior. No security risks or malware indications are present based on this review.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}