{
  "purpose": "The code appears to provide utility functions and classes for managing Docker containers, including inspecting containers and retrieving their health status.",
  "sources": "Inputs are from the Docker CLI commands executed via the invoke library, environment variables, and function parameters (container names and IDs).",
  "sinks": "JSON parsing of Docker CLI output, warnings, and print statements are potential sinks. The code also interacts with the system environment and runs shell commands.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (container names/IDs) flow into command execution functions, which invoke shell commands, parse JSON output, and return structured data about containers and their health status.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a deprecated function warning about multiple container IDs, but no signs of hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The use of `warnings.warn()` and dynamic shell commands is standard for such utilities, not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code implements utility functions for interacting with Docker via shell commands. It includes functions for listing container IDs, inspecting containers, and assessing health status, along with a health state enumeration class. The code's structure and behavior are consistent with container management tools, with no suspicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code present. The use of warnings and printing seems related to normal operational logs. No obfuscated code or malware-like behavior detected. The functions are straightforward wrappers around Docker CLI commands, and the overall code focuses on container state management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard container management utility with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It manages container states and health checks securely and transparently. There is a deprecated warning about multiple container IDs, but this does not imply malicious behavior. Overall, the package appears safe from supply chain or malicious code risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}