{
  "purpose": "The code appears to process multi-channel image data using percentile-based normalization and creates animations from a viewer, likely for visualization or analysis purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from 'arr' parameter and potentially from global variables such as 'viewer'. It also imports modules that could access external resources.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to the 'output' file via the animation capture and save functions. It also accesses 'globals()' to retrieve 'viewer', which may lead to potential misuse if manipulated.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'arr' through percentile calculations, generating normalized arrays, then into viewer for visualization. The animation function captures viewer states and writes output files.",
  "anomalies": "Use of obfuscated variable names; accessing 'viewer' via 'globals()' could indicate attempts to manipulate global state. The print statement references an undefined variable 'i' instead of 'RLbVyxlSjILAejINrWSGeZLnVDwxRZdt'.",
  "analysis": "The code imports necessary libraries for image processing and visualization. It computes percentile-based limits on multi-channel data, with channels specified dynamically. The function 'VagovYzComsWGnJzoQJoTtkWBXgDHTGx' attempts to create animations from the viewer, capturing frames over a range of steps. It accesses 'viewer' from global variables, which could be exploited if globals are manipulated. The use of obfuscated variable names and a mismatch in the print statement ('i' not defined) suggest potential attempts at obfuscation or malicious concealment. However, no evidence of malicious network activity, backdoors, or unauthorized data exfiltration is present. The code primarily performs visualization and normalization tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be designed for image data processing and visualization, with some obfuscated elements. There are no clear signs of malicious intent such as data theft, network communication, or system compromise. The obfuscation and global variable access warrant caution but do not definitively indicate malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}