{
  "purpose": "The code provides statistical analysis and visualization functions for comparing scores and hypotheses in experimental data, specifically for model evaluation metrics and hypothesis testing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as scores, stds, samples, models, datasets, estimators, and comparison indices.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of `np.random`, which is not present here; p-value calculations; and data outputs via pandas DataFrames. There are no evident data leaks, network communications, or file operations. No external or untrusted data sources are directly used outside function parameters.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through computations involving numpy and pandas, culminating in styled tables and hypothesis test results. No untrusted data flows into unsafe system calls or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code performs standard statistical operations and styling; no unusual or unexpected code behavior is observed. No use of dynamic code execution or misleading variable names. Style functions contain potentially redundant or complex styling logic but nothing malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of statistical functions for ranking, significance testing, and table styling, all based on well-known scientific libraries like numpy, pandas, scipy, and statsmodels. It performs typical operations such as t-tests, p-value adjustments, and DataFrame styling for presentation. No indications of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification. The functions operate solely on input data and produce styled outputs or test results. The code includes standard license and author comments, and no hidden or suspicious constructs are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate scientific/statistical utility module for model comparison and hypothesis testing. There are no signs of malware, malicious backdoors, or supply chain attacks. The functions are designed for statistical analysis and visualization, with no evident security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}