{
  "purpose": "The code provides statistical analysis functions and visualization tools for evaluating and comparing machine learning models or algorithms, specifically through scores, rankings, and hypothesis testing.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters such as scores, stds, samples, datasets, and models; it also imports libraries like numpy, pandas, scipy, and statsmodels.",
  "sinks": "There are no apparent sinks that send untrusted data over the network, write to system files, or perform sensitive actions. The code does not include any network calls, file I/O beyond pandas DataFrame styling, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into calculations of ranks, means, significance tests, and styling functions; no untrusted external data sources or external command executions are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears well-structured and consistent with its purpose; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are detected. No obfuscated code or misleading variable names are present. The styling functions are purely for visualization and do not perform any hidden operations.",
  "analysis": "The code implements statistical testing and visualization routines. It uses numpy, pandas, and scipy for calculations, with no indications of malicious network activity or data exfiltration. The functions operate on provided data, generating styled tables for presentation purposes. There are no system calls, file manipulations, or code execution commands that could be malicious. The import statements and the code structure are consistent with data analysis tasks. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or suspicious dynamic code execution are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of data analysis and visualization functions for statistical evaluation of model scores and hypothesis testing. It does not contain any malicious or sabotage behavior. It appears safe and intended solely for statistical reporting purposes.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}