{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this code is to compute ROUGE scores for evaluating the similarity between two text blobs, primarily for automatic summarization evaluation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments (target, prediction, targets), and internally uses tokenization, sentence splitting, and n-gram generation functions. It also imports external libraries such as nltk, absl.logging, and rouge_score modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of external libraries (nltk, absl, rouge_score) which are standard for text processing, but no explicit data leakage or network communication functions are present. No untrusted data is sent over network or written to files within the code.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters into tokenization and sentence splitting; processed tokens are used for LCS and n-gram calculations; scores are computed and returned as output. There are no external system interactions or data exfiltration paths.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. The code relies on external, well-known libraries for tokenization and scoring. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. No suspicious function or variable names are identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of ROUGE scoring metrics, utilizing common algorithms like LCS and n-gram matching. It imports typical libraries for text processing, with no signs of malicious behavior. No network communication, file manipulation, or secret handling is present. The code performs text tokenization, sentence splitting, and score calculations in a straightforward manner. There are no indications of sabotage, backdoors, or privacy violations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of ROUGE scoring functions for text evaluation. It uses standard algorithms and libraries without any malicious intent. There are no signs of malware, data leaks, or security risks. The overall security profile is safe based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}