{
  "purpose": "To calculate ROUGE scores between two text blobs for evaluation of summaries or generated text.",
  "sources": "The code reads input texts via the score() and score_multi() methods, which take text strings as arguments. It uses tokenization and sentence splitting functions internally.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any explicit sinks that handle untrusted data in a way that would lead to data leaks or system effects. No network connections, file writes, or external commands are present.",
  "flows": "Input texts are tokenized and processed to compute ROUGE scores, with flows primarily confined to internal computations like tokenization, LCS calculations, n-gram counting, and score aggregation. There are no flows leading to external systems or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors are present. The code relies on external libraries such as nltk and absl, but their usage is standard. No obfuscation or suspicious code constructs are detected. There are no signs of malicious code injections or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard ROUGE score calculations with typical NLP techniques such as tokenization, longest common subsequence, and n-gram matching. It includes input processing, scoring functions, and sentence splitting via nltk or newline separation. The libraries used are common in NLP, and the methods follow established algorithms. There are no external or hidden network calls, data leaks, or malicious manipulations. The code appears to be a legitimate scoring library intended for text summarization evaluation.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard implementation of ROUGE scoring metrics without any malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions solely for text evaluation purposes, with no indications of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling. It is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}