{
  "purpose": "The module provides functions for computing properties and relationships of great circle arcs on a sphere, such as intersection points, lengths, angles, midpoints, and interpolations.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from function parameters (points A, B, C, D), which are arrays or tuples representing 3D coordinates. It also reads from imported modules, notably 'numpy' and optional 'spherical_geometry.math_util'.",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical computations primarily involving array manipulations, trigonometric functions, and linear algebra. No explicit data sinks like network calls, file writes, or system modifications are present. No untrusted data outputs or external system interactions are evident.",
  "flows": "Input points (sources) are processed through various functions that perform geometric calculations. The flow involves data normalization, cross products, dot products, and conditionally returning results or NaNs. No external data flow outside calculations is evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. Usage of optional C-accelerated functions suggests an effort to optimize performance, but not malicious intent. The code contains safeguards against invalid operations and NaN handling. No obfuscated code, such as complex dynamic execution or misleading variables, is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured, modular, and focuses on computational geometry related to spherical arcs. It conditionally utilizes C-accelerated routines if available, otherwise falling back to Python implementations. No signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification are present. The code appears designed for scientific computation with appropriate error handling and numerical stability measures. No anomalies or suspicious constructs are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a mathematical geometry library for spherical computations, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It is safe and intended for use in scientific or geospatial applications. The optional C acceleration and NaN safeguards are typical performance and stability measures, not indicators of malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}