{
  "purpose": "Define various wavelet functions and their parameters, possibly for signal processing or analysis.",
  "sources": "Imports external libraries; reads class attributes, function arguments, and some external helper functions.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks involving untrusted data or security-sensitive operations.",
  "flows": "Class methods process input data (e.g., frequency, signals) to produce transformed signals; no untrusted source-to-sink data flow apparent.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains numerous obfuscated variable names and placeholder-like references such as 'dfbqkrFovWiyjQGAocAnEYzBYFYQzjzC' and imported helper functions with unclear purpose. These could be intended to conceal behavior. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or network operations are visible. The code appears to implement wavelet functions with some parameters that seem configurable, but the purpose is unclear.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple classes implementing wavelet functions, such as Morlet, Paul, DOG, and Mexican Hat, with complex parameter calculations and convolutions. Many variables and functions are heavily obfuscated with non-meaningful names and placeholder constants. There are no network operations, data leaks, or suspicious system manipulations. The heavy obfuscation could be benign (e.g., signal processing libraries), but it could also be an attempt to hide malicious behavior. The code lacks clear malicious patterns like data exfiltration, network connections, or backdoors. No external inputs are directly used in a malicious way. Overall, the code appears to be a sophisticated implementation of wavelet functions, possibly part of a larger signal analysis framework, but the obfuscation raises some concern.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily implements wavelet functions with significant obfuscation and no evident malicious behavior or security risks. The obfuscation could be benign (hiding implementation details) or malicious (hiding harmful payloads). Without additional context, the likelihood of malicious intent is low, but the obfuscation warrants caution.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}