{
  "purpose": "This code provides constructs for deploying and managing a Hyperledger Fabric network on AWS Managed Blockchain using AWS CDK.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from construct properties, configuration parameters, and environmental context; it also retrieves secret ARNs and resource IDs via CDK constructs.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with AWS services through SDK calls, especially for creating resources, configuring endpoints, and managing secrets. Secrets are stored in Secrets Manager, but secrets' contents are not hardcoded or accessed directly within the code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (properties) flow into resource creation and configuration. Secret ARNs and resource identifiers are retrieved and used for resource linking. No external untrusted input is directly incorporated into data flows; configuration is predominantly static or derived from supplied properties.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are present. The code mainly consists of class definitions, data structures, and method signatures with no evidence of obfuscated code, malicious SDK calls, or hidden network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code defines various classes, enums, and data structures for managing Hyperledger Fabric networks within AWS CDK. It handles configuration, resource referencing, and property validation with type hints and assertions. All interactions are standard for infrastructure-as-code deployment. There are no signs of data leakage, code injection, or malicious SDK calls. The secret resources are used to store sensitive information securely, following best practices. No external data is processed or transmitted unsafely, and no dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. The overall structure aligns with typical CDK constructs for resource management, and no indicators of malicious intent are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate CDK construct library for deploying Hyperledger Fabric networks on AWS. It contains no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security vulnerabilities. Its design is consistent with infrastructure deployment patterns and follows best practices for secret management and resource configuration.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}