{
  "purpose": "The source code defines classes, enums, and data structures for deploying and managing a Hyperledger Fabric network on Amazon Managed Blockchain using AWS CDK. It provides abstractions for network components, nodes, users, and configuration properties.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for classes and data structures (e.g., network name, user IDs, properties), property getters, and SDK call methods within class constructors and methods.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data such as secrets for admin/private keys, user certificates, and passwords stored in AWS Secrets Manager; network configuration parameters that could be misused if exposed; SDK call methods that interact with AWS services.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., user IDs, secrets) into resource creation, SDK calls, and secret storage; secret data from Secrets Manager are retrieved and could be misused if the code is compromised; network and node configuration parameters flow into resource provisioning, possibly affecting infrastructure security.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes complex SDK interactions such as fetching secrets and configuring network components, but these are standard for resource management. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution are evident. The use of type hints and thorough data structures suggests a focus on configurability rather than obfuscation. No obfuscated code, no unusual or obfuscated language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive SDK-based infrastructure abstraction for deploying Hyperledger Fabric networks. It includes resource classes, configuration data types, and properties to control network components, nodes, and users. The SDK calls and secret management routines are standard for cloud infrastructure automation. No evidence of malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The code adheres to best practices for secret handling and resource configuration. The presence of secrets in Secrets Manager indicates potential privacy implications if improperly accessed but does not suggest malicious intent. No signs of obfuscated or malicious code logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured infrastructure deployment module for Hyperledger Fabric on AWS. It handles secrets and resource configuration securely and does not contain any malicious or sabotage code. No indicators of malware or malicious behavior are present. It appears to be a standard infrastructure-as-code SDK implementation with no security risks of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}