{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes, enums, and data structures for managing Hyperledger Fabric networks on AWS Managed Blockchain via AWS CDK constructs. It facilitates creating networks, nodes, users, and associated resources with configuration options.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from constructor parameters, type hints, and class property getters. No external input sources or untrusted data inputs are explicitly shown.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include AWS SDK calls via SDK call policies, secret management (Secrets Manager secrets), and resource creation functions. No explicit data leaks or external transmissions are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor parameters into internal data structures, with properties exposing configuration details. These are used in resource provisioning but do not show any malicious external data flows or injections.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code appears to be a standard SDK wrapper and data structure definitions. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists primarily of class definitions, data types, enum declarations, and stub functions for type checking. It is a typical AWS CDK construct implementation for managing Hyperledger Fabric networks, with no signs of malicious behavior. The use of secrets and SDK call policies aligns with standard infrastructure-as-code practices. There are no indications of code injection, data theft, or malicious network activity. The code's structure and comments suggest it is an open-source library designed for legitimate resource management.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured AWS CDK library for deploying Hyperledger Fabric on AWS Managed Blockchain. It does not contain any malicious or sabotage behavior. The security risk score is very low, and malware likelihood is minimal. The confidence in this assessment is high, given the absence of suspicious patterns or hidden behaviors.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}