{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom Django inline form classes and widgets for handling image uploads within the Django admin interface.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from Django form widgets, class attributes, and request parameters in methods such as SpbMHPMeIcOSJNkWcKZJthEENrAecGoz and OxFVxWOECVrzwOpDwjCpNeTFjzgTBWeH.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include returning media definitions for JavaScript and CSS files, and setting attributes that could potentially influence form rendering or client-side behavior.",
  "flows": "Data flows from class attributes and request parameters into form media definitions and attribute assignments in methods such as SpbMHPMeIcOSJNkWcKZJthEENrAecGoz, as well as request-based method calls.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains highly obfuscated class and method names, with several methods that simply return class attributes. No obvious hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible. The use of custom widgets and media definitions appears standard for Django admin customization. No suspicious external domain connections or malicious behaviors are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines custom form widgets and inline admin classes with obfuscated class and method names, likely for customization of image upload interfaces. Methods mainly perform attribute access, request parameter retrieval, and media asset declarations. No network connections, data exfiltration, or system modifications are evident. The obfuscation seems to serve code hiding rather than malicious intent. The media files referenced are standard JavaScript and CSS assets, with no external domains or suspicious resources. Overall, the code appears as typical Django admin customization with obfuscation, not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of obfuscated Django admin widget classes used for image uploading. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. The obfuscation may hinder readability but does not indicate malicious intent. The code appears safe based on its content and behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}