{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom Django form and admin inline classes for image uploading widgets, including media assets and ordering functionality.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from request parameters in methods like SpbMHPMeIcOSJNkWcKZJthEENrAecGoz and OxFVxWOECVrzwOpDwjCpNeTFjzgTBWeH, and from widget configuration properties.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted input is used in request-based methods; however, the code primarily assigns attributes without directly executing untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from request parameters through methods like OxFVxWOECVrzwOpD and SpbMHPMeIcOSJNkWcKZJthEENrAecGoz to assign values to object attributes, which are then used in rendering or further processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs obfuscated variable and method names, which is unusual and may indicate attempts to conceal functionality. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic like network communication, system modification, or data exfiltration are evident. The media assets are standard static files. No evident misuse of environment variables or insecure SQL. The code appears to rely on standard Django mechanisms.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of Django form and inline admin class definitions, with methods for setting attributes based on request data. Variable names are intentionally obfuscated, but the operations performed are typical for custom widget and admin configurations. There are no signs of malicious code such as network activity, data theft, or backdoors. The obfuscation seems aimed at code concealment rather than malicious intent. Overall, the code appears benign but uses unusual naming conventions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Django customization for image upload widgets with ordering capabilities. No malicious behavior or security risks are detected. The obfuscation raises suspicion but seems to serve code concealment rather than malicious purposes. The security risk level is low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}