{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to perform HTTP POST requests to export data related to collaborators, including synchronous and asynchronous operations, with response parsing.",
  "sources": "The code reads the collaborator_id parameter and data from HTTP responses (response.json(), response.content).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the request method (client.get_httpx_client().request and client.get_async_httpx_client().request) which send HTTP requests, and the response.json() which processes server responses. No untrusted data is used directly in critical operations such as system commands or unsafe SQL.",
  "flows": "The code flows from input parameter collaborator_id through _get_kwargs() to request calls, then to _parse_response() for response processing, with parsed data potentially returned by sync, async functions or stored in Response objects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are evident. The code appears to be a standard API client wrapper. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly follows typical API request patterns, constructing request parameters, performing HTTP requests, and parsing structured responses. It utilizes well-defined classes and functions for response parsing, with proper error handling for unexpected statuses. No signs of malicious code, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or system modification, are present. The request URLs are constructed with a collaborator_id parameter, which is a typical dynamic input, not suspicious. The request method is GET, which might be a minor inconsistency considering the function name suggests a 'post' method, but this is likely a code oversight rather than malicious behavior. Overall, the code is a straightforward API client implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard API client wrapper with no apparent malicious intent or security risks. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security flaws based on the provided code. The code appears safe and intended for legitimate API interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}