{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to load, preprocess, and analyze fNIRS datasets from various public sources, converting raw data into MNE Epochs objects for further analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from MATLAB (.mat) files located in specified dataset directories, loads specific channels and labels, and processes event markers and signals.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows from loaded .mat files into processing functions, and the final data are encapsulated into MNE Epochs objects for potential downstream use.",
  "flows": "Data is loaded from .mat files (sources) into memory, processed for channel and event information, then converted into MNE RawArray and Epochs objects, which are returned for analysis.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No unusual or misleading code patterns observed. The code uses standard scientific libraries and common data processing workflows. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or covert channels are evident. The code comments and variable names are obfuscated or non-descriptive, but that appears to be a coding style rather than malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code loads datasets from specified directories, processes MATLAB files containing fNIRS data, and creates MNE objects for analysis. It includes functions for signal filtering, event extraction, and data organization. There are no indications of code injection, data leakage to external systems, or covert communication mechanisms. The code handles data securely within the Python environment and uses standard scientific libraries without obfuscation or suspicious code constructs. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The obfuscation appears to be stylistic rather than malicious. Overall, the code performs standard data loading and preprocessing tasks typical of neuroscience data pipelines with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a data processing pipeline for fNIRS datasets, performing data loading, filtering, and event segmentation without any malicious behavior. There are no suspicious network activities, backdoors, or covert channels. The obfuscated variable names are stylistic and do not indicate malicious intent. The code appears safe and intended for legitimate scientific analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}