{
  "purpose": "The code is designed for loading, processing, and analyzing fNIRS data from various datasets. It provides functions for data filtering, channel combining, event extraction, and epoching for further analysis.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include .mat files loaded via scipy.io.loadmat, which contain neural signal data, event markers, labels, and metadata. Data is read from specified directory paths for multiple subjects and datasets.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the creation of MNE Raw and Epochs objects, which could be manipulated to inject malicious data or interfere with analysis. The code also loads data from external files and performs processing, but no explicit untrusted data outputs or network communications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file loads into scipy.io.loadmat, then into data arrays (e.g., delta_c, labels, event markers). These arrays are processed, filtered, and combined. Processed data is used to create MNE RawArray and Epochs objects for further analysis. No external or network data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code contains obfuscated variable names, which might suggest an attempt to conceal intent, but they are consistent with code obfuscation practices rather than malicious intent. No suspicious functions or code injections are detected. The code loads data, processes it, and creates standard objects for analysis without performing any hidden or malicious operations.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple classes and functions focused on loading and preprocessing fNIRS data from various datasets. It employs common libraries such as scipy, mne, numpy, pandas, and tqdm. Data is read from files, processed with filters and channel combinations, and event markers are detected and labeled. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, network communications, backdoors, or malicious manipulation. Variable names are obfuscated, but their usage aligns with standard neuroimaging data processing workflows. No suspicious or malicious behavior is apparent, and the code's structure suggests legitimate data processing tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate data processing pipeline for fNIRS datasets. Despite obfuscated variable names, it performs standard loading, filtering, event detection, and epoching functions without signs of malicious intent or sabotage. No malicious code, backdoors, or malicious data flows are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}