{
  "purpose": "Utilities for computing model evaluation metrics, including handling predictions, encoding labels, and calculating metrics.",
  "sources": "Reads data from input parameters such as y_pred_probs, train_labels, class_labels, y_test, y_pred, and class_labels; also accesses external libraries and constants.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe operations are not explicitly present; no direct sinks like network or file I/O are found in this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through functions like pad_predictions, class_averaged_score, and the methods within ClassificationDataDto, including label encoding/decoding, padding, and metric calculations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns observed. Usage of external libraries appears standard and benign. The code is extensive and well-structured with no obfuscated or suspicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for model evaluation, including label encoding/decoding, prediction padding, and metric computation. It imports well-known libraries (numpy, sklearn) and constants from a common module. No network access, file system manipulation, or execution of external commands is present. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behavior detected. The functions perform legitimate tasks such as data transformation, metric calculation, and logging. The presence of detailed logging and exception handling suggests focus on robustness. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, safe evaluation utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of evaluation utilities for machine learning models, with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It operates solely on data passed as parameters and uses standard libraries. The risk of supply chain attack or sabotage is extremely low. No suspicious or malicious code segments identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}