{
  "purpose": "Utility functions and classes for computing model evaluation metrics in machine learning, including handling predictions, encoding labels, and scoring.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries (numpy, sklearn, logging), constants from azureml modules, and functions that process prediction data, labels, and metrics.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks if any untrusted input is directly used without validation, but no explicit sinks for malicious data transfer or system modification are identified.",
  "flows": "Data is read from input arrays (e.g., y_pred_probs, y_test), processed through functions and classes that perform label encoding/decoding, padding, and metric calculations; no data flows to external systems or network.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior detected. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious system calls. Functions like pad_predictions and label encoding are standard ML utilities. Logging is used for information and warnings, not for covert channels.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for ML model evaluation, such as padding prediction probabilities, encoding/decoding labels, calculating metrics, and handling edge cases like missing classes or memory errors. It uses standard libraries and adheres to typical ML practices. No code appears to execute external commands, send data over networks, or perform malicious activities. Logging is used appropriately for diagnostics. Constants and class mappings facilitate metric calculations. The code is well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation or hidden malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of evaluation utilities for ML models, implementing standard procedures for label handling and metric computation. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It appears to be legitimate, well-structured, utility code with no suspicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}