{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions and classes for computing, encoding, decoding, and handling evaluation metrics in machine learning models, specifically tailored for classification, regression, and forecasting tasks within the Azure ML AutoML framework.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from parameters, class labels, prediction probabilities, and actual labels; uses sklearn transformers and numpy arrays; logs via the module_logger; raises exceptions in case of errors.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include the use of numpy's ascontiguousarray and cast (though safe), and raising exceptions with error objects; no direct network or file I/O, or command execution observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays through various transformations, encoding, padding, and decoding functions, then to metric computation functions, with logging and exception handling in place. No evidence of untrusted data flow leading to malicious action.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Functions perform standard data transformations, padding, and metric calculations. Use of try-except blocks is standard for resource management. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or misleading variable names are present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions for machine learning model evaluation, including padding predictions, computing variances, label encoding/decoding, metric class retrieval, and JSON safety conversions. It handles input data, encodes labels, calculates class-averaged metrics, and logs anomalies. No indications of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, network connections, or system damage, are present. Exception handling is standard. The code appears to serve its intended purpose within a controlled environment, relying on well-known libraries (numpy, sklearn). The logging is standard, and no hidden or suspicious operations are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard utility module for machine learning metrics and label handling within AzureML. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or sabotage patterns. The use of resource exception handling and data transformation is typical. No security risks or malware indications are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}