{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions, classes, and constants for evaluating model metrics, encoding/decoding labels, and handling classification data for machine learning models.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from parameters such as y_test, y_pred, class_labels, and sample_weight; reads environment variables or external constants; accesses class labels and predictions; uses sklearn transformers; logs information via module_logger.",
  "sinks": "Potentially insecure sinks include logging of data that might contain PII or sensitive information; raising exceptions; resource exceptions on memory errors; numpy array transformations; internal class and method calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., y_test, y_pred) through label encoding/decoding and padding functions, then into metric calculation functions, which may log information or raise exceptions. Encoded labels and predictions flow into scoring functions. Data is processed within classes such as ClassificationDataDto, and there are flows from input data to evaluation metrics, with some validation and transformation steps.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious malicious anomalies. The code performs standard data validation, label encoding, padding, and metric calculations. The logging of data-related information is typical for debugging and auditing. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are present. The code does not perform any network activity, file system access, or system commands that could be malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a well-structured utility module for machine learning evaluation. It handles label encoding, label decoding, padding predictions, metric class retrieval, JSON serialization, and logging. It also includes error handling and data validation. There are no indicators of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful system calls. The memory error handling in 'pad_predictions' is standard. The use of logging and exceptions aligns with normal development practices. The overall structure suggests purpose-built evaluation tools rather than malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for model evaluation and label handling, with no signs of malicious intent. It performs expected operations for data validation, label encoding/decoding, padding, and metrics calculation. There are no external malicious communications or backdoors. The code is safe for use in a model evaluation pipeline.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}