{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Dash component that integrates Cytoscape and Leaflet map layers for interactive visualization, with client-side callbacks for dynamic updates.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from external libraries (dash, dash_cytoscape, dash_leaflet), user-provided properties for components, and input data via client-side callbacks (extent, maxZoom, elements, etc.).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include client-side callbacks that modify 'elements', 'maxZoom', and 'viewport' properties, which could be exploited if untrusted input influences them improperly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs and external library components into the component properties, then through client-side callbacks that update visual elements, zoom levels, and map extents.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded URLs are present. The code uses standard library functions. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution patterns are detected. External dependency imports are standard, with conditional import handling. No hidden or malicious code constructs are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs a complex UI component combining map and graph visualizations, with callbacks managing map bounds, zoom levels, and graph elements. It dynamically calculates zoom levels based on map tiles, sets default properties, and handles optional dependencies gracefully. No data leakage, malicious network activity, or malicious behavior is observed. The callback functions update visualizations based on user interaction, which is expected. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious actions. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, well-structured visualization component without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard visualization component with no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It relies on external libraries and client-side callbacks to provide interactive features. No suspicious or malicious patterns are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}