{
  "purpose": "The code implements a server framework for handling Language Server Protocol (LSP) communication over various transports (TCP, WebSocket, standard IO), facilitating communication between editors and language servers.",
  "sources": "Input sources include sys.stdin.buffer, provided BinaryIO objects for stdin and stdout, network sockets for TCP and WebSocket servers, and untrusted WebSocket connections.",
  "sinks": "Data sinks include sys.stdout.buffer, asyncio streams, WebSocket connections, and the internal protocol's writer, where data is sent out to clients or other systems.",
  "flows": "Input data from sys.stdin, network connections, or WebSocket flows through the protocol handlers to process commands or requests. Responses or outgoing data flow back via writers to stdout, WebSocket, or network streams.",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code uses standard asyncio, threading, and websocket libraries. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious URL/domain interactions are present. Error handling appears standard, primarily logging errors.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a multi-transport server setup for language servers with asynchronous and synchronous modes. It initializes server objects, manages connection events, and handles errors via logging. No suspicious code paths, no hardcoded secrets, and no system info theft mechanisms are present. The code uses standard libraries and best practices for server operation. The use of Event objects for stop signals and asyncio for asynchronous IO is typical. The WebSocket server has optional dependency handling, which is normal. No network calls target suspicious domains, and no external data exfiltration mechanisms are visible.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a language server framework without malicious behavior. It handles network connections securely using standard async patterns, with no signs of malware or malicious payloads. Overall security risks are minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}