{
  "purpose": "The code loads GraphQL query files from various directories relative to the script location, reads their contents, and stores them in variables, likely for later use in GraphQL operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads text data from multiple '.gql' files located in 'auto_mode', 'queue', 'scheduler', 'queries', and 'subscriptions' subdirectories.",
  "sinks": "Variables store the contents of these files; no direct data leaks or untrusted data processing is observed. No external sinks such as network transmission or system modification are present.",
  "flows": "File reading sources feed into variables containing GraphQL queries; these variables are used within the script but not shown here. No malicious flow is detected beyond data loading.",
  "anomalies": "Variable and function names are nonsensical and obfuscated, which might be intentional to hide functionality. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code structures are present. The code reads multiple query files without further processing shown, which is unusual but not necessarily malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script dynamically constructs paths based on the script's directory, then reads text contents from a set of GraphQL query files in various subdirectories. The naming scheme for functions and variables appears deliberately obfuscated, which could indicate attempts to conceal malicious intent. However, the code itself only performs file reads and stores their contents, without any evident malicious actions like network connections, data exfiltration, or command execution. There are no signs of malware such as backdoors, data theft, or system sabotage. The obfuscation may be for concealment, but it does not inherently imply malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a loader of GraphQL queries with obfuscated naming, which on its own does not suggest malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a GraphQL query loader with obfuscated identifiers, potentially to hide its purpose. No direct evidence of malicious activity or malware is found. Its structure and behavior are consistent with standard configuration or setup scripts, albeit with intentional obfuscation. No security risks are evident based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}