{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to compute, validate, and list various evaluation metrics for different machine learning tasks within the AzureML framework, including classification, regression, translation, summarization, and more.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data such as y_test, y_pred, y_pred_proba, and model predictions; it also reads configuration parameters from kwargs and environment variables (implicitly via imports and logging utilities). It also retrieves metrics, prompts, and task types from external AzureML modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include logging outputs, exceptions, and data returned by functions such as compute_metrics, list_metrics, list_tasks, and list_prompts. These outputs could potentially leak sensitive information if the data contains secrets or private data.",
  "flows": "Sources of input data (y_test, y_pred, model predictions) flow into validation functions, metric computations, and logging activities. Data from models (predict, predict_proba) flows into metrics calculation functions. Configuration parameters flow into validation, metric selection, and logging. Data is ultimately returned as metrics, or logged, or used in exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or API keys. It performs extensive validation, logging, and exception handling. No evidence of backdoors, suspicious code patterns, or malicious behavior. Usage of external libraries appears standard for ML evaluation. The code's complexity and dynamic imports are typical for a metrics computation module. No obfuscated code, code injections, or malicious network activity are present.",
  "analysis": "The script validates input data, manages telemetry logging, and computes metrics based on task type with comprehensive validation. It dynamically maps task types to specific metric computation functions and handles various ML tasks. It includes exception handling for predict and predict_proba calls, ensuring errors are caught and logged. No indications of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, network communication to suspicious domains, or backdoors, are present. All external dependencies are standard for ML metrics evaluation. The code is structured for extensibility and robustness, with clear validation and logging. Overall, it performs typical metric evaluation operations without suspicious or malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for calculating ML evaluation metrics within AzureML, with extensive validation and logging. No malicious behavior or sabotage evidence was detected. It is safe and aligns with expected patterns for such modules.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}