{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for computing various evaluation metrics for different machine learning tasks in AzureML, including classification, regression, translation, summarization, question answering, object detection, and more. It also supports model scoring, listing supported metrics, tasks, and prompts.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include y_test, y_pred, y_pred_proba, and model predictions, as well as configuration parameters from kwargs, such as metrics and custom dimensions. Data is read from function parameters, class attributes, and external model methods like predict, predict_proba, and forecast.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include logging outputs (info, warning, error), where sensitive data might be inadvertently logged; exceptions that could leak information; and external calls such as model.predict, model.predict_proba, and utilities that may process data. No direct data leakage or untrusted sink use is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (y_test, y_pred, y_pred_proba) into validation functions, into compute_metrics functions, and then through task-specific metric computation functions. Model predictions flow from model.predict or model.forecast into compute_metrics. Logging captures data at various points. No evidence of malicious data flow pathways is observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution is detected. The only potential anomaly is verbose logging, which could include sensitive info if input data or predictions contain secrets, but this is controlled via logging levels and telemetry controls. No unusual code patterns or hidden behaviors are identified.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a well-structured evaluation framework for machine learning models, with validation, task-specific metric computation, logging, and support for various ML tasks. No suspicious data handling, malicious code, or sabotage mechanisms are detected. The use of external libraries and functions seems standard for such an evaluation module. The logging and exception handling appear appropriate and do not suggest malicious intent. The code's data flow is transparent, with no hidden or obfuscated code segments. Overall, the code demonstrates legitimate functionality without signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard evaluation utility for AzureML, with no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It primarily performs metric calculations, input validation, and logging, all within expected patterns for such tools. The likelihood of malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}