{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to compute and list metrics for various AI/ML tasks using AzureML. It handles prediction, validation, and metric computation workflows.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include y_test, y_pred, y_pred_proba, model predictions, and external configuration parameters (e.g., kwargs, openai_params). It also reads from model attributes (predict, predict_proba, forecast) and internal constants.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows include model predictions, probabilities, and external parameters such as openai_params and custom dimensions. Potential sensitive outputs include logs, error messages, and metric results.",
  "flows": "Data flows from model.predict or model.predict_proba to compute_metrics; external parameters (like openai_params) influence task-specific metrics; logs and exception messages can leak information; function calls such as get_supported_metrics and get_supported_prompts could fetch external or dynamic content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious or obfuscated code patterns. Logging calls are standard and do not leak sensitive info. No network calls or file system operations are evident. Exception handling is straightforward. No evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or code injection.",
  "analysis": "The code performs metric computation workflows for various AI/ML tasks, with input validation, error handling, and logging. It dynamically selects functions based on task types, validates data formats, and handles predictions via models. External parameters are used for configuration, with no evidence of hardcoded secrets or malicious payloads. The logging is standard, and exception messages are informative but do not reveal sensitive info. No suspicious code patterns or obfuscated logic detected. The overall structure aligns with normal SDK and utility functions, focusing on data processing and validation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical SDK-like implementation for ML metric evaluation with no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. It contains standard validation, data handling, and logging practices without any indicators of malware, backdoors, or supply chain attacks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}