{
  "purpose": "The code provides a function for rendering annotated text in a Streamlit application, utilizing utility functions for HTML generation and annotations.",
  "sources": "The code imports the util module and calls util.annotation and util.get_annotated_html, which are sources of data for generating HTML content.",
  "sinks": "The st.markdown function is a sink where HTML content is rendered into the Streamlit app, and it uses unsafe_allow_html=True, which can be risky if the input is untrusted.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the arguments (*args) passed to annotated_text through util.get_annotated_html, which generates HTML, and then into st.markdown for rendering.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code relies on external util functions, which are not provided here, so potential issues could originate there. No obfuscated code or suspicious patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a function that takes multiple arguments for rendering annotated text in Streamlit. It leverages external utility functions to generate HTML content, which is then rendered with Streamlit's markdown component using unsafe HTML rendering. There is no direct user input or untrusted data processed within this snippet; however, the output depends on util functions. The use of unsafe_allow_html=True does introduce potential risk if the util functions generate malicious or untrusted HTML, but from this code alone, there is no evidence of malicious intent or behavior. The code itself is straightforward, with no anomalies or obfuscated elements. Overall, the code appears to be a benign component for rendering annotated text in a Streamlit app.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a utility function for rendering annotated text in a Streamlit application, relying on external utility functions. There is no indication of malicious behavior within this snippet. The main risk lies in the content generated by util functions and the use of unsafe HTML rendering, which could be exploited if those functions produce malicious HTML. Without additional context or code from util, the code appears benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}