{
  "purpose": "The code implements handlers for create, update, delete, read, and list actions for a resource, likely in the context of a CloudFormation custom resource provider, managing resource lifecycle events.",
  "sources": "Imports from support_lib_pkg and models, reading request parameters, session object, and callback context.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data flow could occur through request.desiredResourceState, session parameters, or callback_context, but no explicit sinks are present in the current code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from request.desiredResourceState into resource handlers; the primary identifier is generated using identifier_utils. Session object is used to interact with AWS SDK (e.g., s3 client). No explicit malicious data flow identified.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected. Placeholder comments indicate incomplete implementations but do not suggest malicious intent. Usage of placeholder {{support_lib_pkg}} and {{ type_name }} could be templating placeholders; not suspicious by itself.",
  "analysis": "The code provides standard resource handlers for CloudFormation, utilizing provided SDK and utility functions. No signs of malicious behavior such as network calls to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code contains placeholders for future implementation. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code detected. The only potential concern is the use of a session object to interact with AWS services, but this is typical for such handlers. There is no hardcoded credential or secret, and no evident malicious logic. Overall, the code appears to be standard resource management logic with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a typical template for a CloudFormation custom resource handler. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware, but it is incomplete. There are no signs of supply chain attacks, data leaks, or backdoors. The code’s purpose is to manage resource lifecycle events securely, with no suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}