{
  "purpose": "The code provides handlers for creating, updating, deleting, reading, and listing resources in a CloudFormation custom resource provider, primarily managing resource lifecycle events.",
  "sources": "Inputs are taken from the request object (resource state, stack ID, logical resource ID, client request token). The session object may be used to create a client for S3. No external data sources or untrusted input handling explicitly shown.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the generation of resource identifiers and the potential use of the session client, but no untrusted data is directly used in sensitive operations. Logging is configured but not used in the code snippet.",
  "flows": "Input data from request parameters is used to generate resource identifiers; session is used to create an S3 client; resource handlers return ProgressEvent objects indicating success or in-progress status.",
  "anomalies": "There are placeholders for TODO sections, but no actual malicious code or unusual behavior is present. The code includes a generic try-except block for catching TypeError, which raises an InternalFailure exception, typical in error handling. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a scaffold for resource handlers in a CloudFormation custom resource provider. It uses standard libraries and a support library ({{support_lib_pkg}}), and it employs typical patterns such as generating resource identifiers and managing operation status. No suspicious or malicious logic, backdoors, or external malicious communications are present. The code appears clean and straightforward, with no obfuscated segments or malicious intent detectable. The only potential concern is that the resource identifier generation and session client creation could be exploited if misused, but these are standard practices and do not constitute malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard resource handler implementation with no malicious or suspicious components. It is a scaffolding with placeholders for future implementation. No signs of malware or malicious activity are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}