{
  "purpose": "The code manages iptables firewall rules within Kubernetes pods by executing shell commands through the Kubernetes API, primarily to block or unblock network ports.",
  "sources": "Environment variable 'HOSTNAME', filesystem file '/etc/simplyblock/namespace', Kubernetes pod list, and pod metadata.",
  "sinks": "Execution of shell commands inside pods via 'stream' function, which can modify iptables rules and potentially disrupt network traffic.",
  "flows": "Reads environment variables and files -> retrieves pod list -> identifies target pod -> constructs iptables commands -> executes commands inside pods -> logs output.",
  "anomalies": "Dynamic string formatting for shell commands without explicit input sanitization; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation; standard use of Kubernetes API and iptables management.",
  "analysis": "The script is a legitimate network management utility designed to modify iptables rules inside Kubernetes pods. It reads configuration data from environment variables and files, then executes shell commands within pods to manage firewall rules. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The primary risk stems from executing dynamically constructed shell commands, which could be exploited if environment variables or inputs are manipulated maliciously. However, in its current form, the code does not exhibit malicious behavior or malicious payloads. The malware score is appropriately set to 0, and the security risk score is low (around 0.2 to 0.3), reflecting potential misuse if environment integrity is compromised. The code's purpose and behavior are consistent across all reports, which correctly identify it as a standard administrative script with minimal security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Kubernetes network management utility that executes iptables commands inside pods. It does not contain malware or obfuscation. The main security consideration is the potential for command injection if inputs are compromised, but no active malicious activity is evident. The assigned malware score of 0 and obfuscated score of 0 are appropriate. The security risk score should be around 0.2 to 0.3, considering the potential for misuse under compromised environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}