{
  "purpose": "Generate call graphs for a specific function by analyzing its call relationships using symbol information.",
  "sources": "Reads function names, symbol data, and call relationships via isystem.connect APIs and command-line arguments.",
  "sinks": "Writes Graphviz DOT format data to output files; executes system commands to open images and run external commands; reads command-line inputs.",
  "flows": "Function calls and data retrieval from isystem APIs feed into graph generation; command-line args control behavior and file handling; output files are written for graph visualization.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Use of 'subprocess' for 'start' command could be exploited if inputs are not sanitized, but the filename comes from controlled options. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily generates call graphs based on symbol information, using well-known APIs. It reads configuration from command-line arguments, processes data via the isystem.connect API, and outputs DOT graph files. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, network communication, or system damage are evident. The 'subprocess' call is standard for opening files and does not appear malicious, given that filenames are user-controlled but not transmitted externally. No malware-like activities such as system damage, reverse shells, or secret exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code is straightforward, with clear structure and no obfuscation. It primarily facilitates visualization and analysis of functions, which is legitimate functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured script for generating call graphs from symbol data. It does not contain malware, malicious behaviors, or security risks. Its behavior is consistent with its purpose, and no indicators of sabotage or malicious intent are observed.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}