{
  "purpose": "The script generates a call graph for a specified function by analyzing symbol information and call relationships, then outputs a Graphviz dot file and optionally displays the generated graph.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from system symbol information via isystem.connect and isystem.diagutils modules, including function names, call relationships, and partition info. It also reads command-line arguments for configuration.",
  "sinks": "Output is written to a dot file and the system viewer is invoked via subprocess, but no untrusted data flows directly into system commands or external systems in a way that indicates malicious activity.",
  "flows": "Command-line args are parsed and used to configure analysis parameters, which then flow into function calls that retrieve symbol info and generate graph files. The data flow from symbol data to graph output is straightforward; no untrusted input directly influences system commands or external services.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard library and known modules for file I/O, subprocess calls, and data handling. There is no obfuscated or misleading code behavior. The subprocess call uses 'start' with user-provided filename, but this is standard for opening files in the default viewer; it does not exhibit malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code performs static analysis of symbol information, builds a call graph, and generates a visualization. It uses standard Python constructs and known modules. No malicious code, suspicious backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. It does not dynamically execute untrusted code or handle untrusted input in a way that suggests compromise. The subprocess call for opening files is typical for visualization purposes and not malicious. Overall, the script appears to be a legitimate tool for call graph analysis, with no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate utility for generating call graphs from symbol data. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. It operates within expected boundaries of static analysis and graph generation. Therefore, it can be considered safe, with a low security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}