{
  "purpose": "Setup configuration for compiling a C++ extension module related to Windows UI Text Core, including custom build extension class.",
  "sources": "Import statements (setuptools, winrt_sdk), get_include_dirs(), extension sources ('py.Windows.UI.Text.Core.cpp')",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks that handle untrusted data or cause leaks; build extension setup and compiler args are standard and not suspicious.",
  "flows": "Imports -> setup configuration -> custom build_ext class -> build process using compiler args -> extension compilation",
  "anomalies": "Unusual class name 'SedMktGtHYvPabtOhIleiMTFhAEUZMWc' with obfuscated-like naming; no clear reason for such naming, possibly malicious obfuscation or misdirection. Use of get_include_dirs() is standard but should be verified as non-malicious; the code raises an error on unsupported compilers, which is typical.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom build extension class with highly obfuscated class name, potentially attempting to disguise its purpose. The class adjusts compiler arguments based on the compiler type, which is standard practice. The setup call includes a single extension module with specified sources and include directories. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or malicious actions are evident. The obfuscated class name may suggest an attempt to hide malicious intent, but the actual functionality appears typical for a setup script. No malicious behavior or backdoors detected. The code appears to be a normal build configuration with obfuscated naming possibly for concealment.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily performs standard setup tasks for building a C++ extension with some obfuscated naming. No evidence of malicious behavior or malware is present. The obfuscation is suspicious but does not indicate harmful activity directly. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate build script with unusual class naming.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}