{
  "purpose": "The code processes and cleans text data, specifically removing prefixes like titles (Mr., Mrs., etc.) and normalizing text for further analysis.",
  "sources": "Input string parameters in functions such as XqzGioHoDHeNEpmusCreEqmICXjbkldw, BcqTrCabIhJgtcKFviOIxVdyndqblUTl, and pDIgwbyYWdtmohLkqHCMxTDeQpEvWTdr, which are the main data inputs.",
  "sinks": "Processed output strings returned by the functions; no direct data leaks or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "Input strings are cleaned and normalized through regex substitutions and text transformations, then returned; no external data flows or network interactions are present.",
  "anomalies": "The variable and function names are obfuscated or nonsensical, which may indicate attempts at hiding intent. The use of obscure constants and functions without clear documentation raises suspicion. However, there are no obvious malicious code actions such as network activity, file modification, or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code performs text normalization: removing prefixes with regex, collapsing spaces, replacing categories, and converting to ASCII. The functions include caching for efficiency. No system commands, network calls, or system modifications are present. The obfuscated variable and function names suggest an attempt to hide code intent, but the core functionality appears to be benign text processing. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. The patterns used for cleaning and normalization are standard and do not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code seems to serve a data cleaning purpose with obfuscated naming but no malicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily for text normalization and cleaning, with obfuscated naming possibly to obscure intent. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The functions perform safe operations such as regex substitutions, string normalization, and caching. Overall security risk is low, but obfuscation should be reviewed further for potential hidden logic.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}