{
  "purpose": "Define various Django forms for testing widgets, input validation, and formsets, including file uploads and custom choices.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include form fields (CharField, DateField, EmailField, ChoiceField, etc.), form initial values, and user-submitted data via POST or GET requests.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include form validation errors, form submission handlers, and the rendering of form fields, but no data is sent over the network or stored directly within this code.",
  "flows": "User inputs are processed through form validation; no direct data flow or untrusted data handling is explicitly present in this code snippet.",
  "anomalies": "The 'xss_field' includes a label with an inline script snippet that could be used to test for XSS vulnerabilities if rendered unsanitized. The 'secret' field is a hidden input with an initial value of 42, which could be considered a hardcoded secret if misused. The 'clean' methods raise ValidationErrors intentionally for testing styling, not malicious purposes. No suspicious or malicious code such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple Django form classes with various widgets and fields, some with help texts, choices, and custom attributes. The 'xss_field' appears intentionally vulnerable for testing purposes but does not execute code or send data externally. The 'secret' field is a hidden input with a static initial value, which could pose a security concern if used improperly, but in this context, it is just a test. The 'clean' methods are overridden to raise validation errors intentionally, likely for testing form error display, not malicious behavior. There are no signs of malware, network activity, or data leakage mechanisms. The code does not obfuscate its logic or contain suspicious dynamic code execution.",
  "conclusion": "This code is primarily for testing form rendering, validation, and error display in Django applications. It includes some fields with potentially unsafe labels and hardcoded values but does not exhibit malicious or supply chain attack behaviors. No malware or security risks are identified beyond the scope of test scenarios. Overall, the code appears safe and intended for testing purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}