{
  "purpose": "The code defines multiple Django form classes for various input types, including text, date, time, file uploads, and choice fields, primarily for web interface forms.",
  "sources": "Data is read from form fields (text inputs, file uploads, choices). Notably, the 'xss_field' contains a label with potential for XSS injection; other data sources are standard form inputs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include form validation and rendering, especially where user input is incorporated into HTML attributes (e.g., 'xss_field' label). The code does not directly write to files or execute commands.",
  "flows": "User input flows from form fields to validation routines, but no dangerous flows (e.g., code execution, data leaks) are explicitly present. The 'clean' methods raise validation errors but do not process data in an unsafe manner.",
  "anomalies": "The 'xss_field' label contains a string with an onmouseover attribute and an alert script, which could pose an XSS risk if rendered unsanitized in templates. The 'secret' field has a default value of 42 in a CharField, which is unusual but not malicious. The 'clean' methods intentionally raise validation errors, likely for demonstration.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily standard Django form definitions with multiple field types and some custom widgets. The only notable anomaly is the 'xss_field' label containing a potentially malicious script snippet that could lead to cross-site scripting if not properly sanitized before rendering. No code performs network access, system modifications, or data exfiltration. The intentional raising of validation errors appears to be for UI styling tests, not malicious activity. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious behavior but contains a potential XSS vector in the form label.",
  "conclusion": "The code is mostly standard form definitions with no malicious intent. The 'xss_field' label could introduce XSS if rendered without sanitization. No malware or harmful behavior is present. The security risk is minimal but warrants proper template sanitization of labels.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}