{
  "purpose": "Define multiple Django forms for data input and validation, including file uploads and choice selections.",
  "sources": "Form field initializations, widget configurations, and custom clean methods.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous input fields such as 'xss_field' with suspicious label, and file upload fields.",
  "flows": "User inputs data into form fields; data is processed and cleaned in clean() methods.",
  "anomalies": "The 'xss_field' label contains a malicious-looking onmouseover event, indicating potential XSS injection risk. The 'secret' field is initialized with a numeric value but uses HiddenInput, which could be manipulated if not validated properly. The 'clean' methods raise ValidationErrors intentionally, which is not malicious but could disrupt normal flow. No actual code injection, backdoors, or network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple forms with various fields, including text, choice, file uploads, and hidden inputs. The 'xss_field' label includes an attribute with embedded JavaScript event handler, which could be exploited if the label is rendered unsanitized in templates. The forms use standard Django validation; no code executes dynamically or includes network or system calls. The intentional raising of ValidationError in clean() methods appears to be for testing form error handling, not malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are present. The form handling and widget usage appear standard and safe. Overall, the code does not contain malware, malicious backdoors, or security vulnerabilities beyond the potential for cross-site scripting via the label attribute.",
  "conclusion": "The primary concern is the 'xss_field' label which could cause XSS if displayed unsanitized. Otherwise, the code appears to implement standard, safe Django forms with no evidence of malicious behavior. The deliberate exceptions in clean() methods are likely for testing purposes and not malicious. No malware or malicious code components are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}