{
  "purpose": "The code defines a parser for a simple language based on S/R 'formulas', primarily used for parsing formulas in statistical modeling (e.g., Patsy library). It tokenizes input formulas, handles operator precedence, and builds an abstract syntax tree (AST).",
  "sources": "The code reads input from string variables (e.g., 'code' parameter in parse_formula), tokenizes using 'python_tokenize' (from patsy.tokens), and processes tokens from the input string.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily processes tokens internally to generate an AST. It does not write or transmit untrusted data outside the process. No explicit sinks for untrusted data are evident. There are no network connections, file writes, or data leaks.",
  "flows": "Input string -> Tokenization via python_tokenize -> Parsing into tokens and handling expressions -> Building AST with infix_parse -> Returning ParseNode structure. No external data flows to untrusted sources or outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns. The code uses assertions and error handling to validate input. It handles embedded Python expressions safely within the tokenization process. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. No dynamic code execution or network activity is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard parser implementation that tokenizes formula strings, recognizes operators and expressions, and constructs an abstract syntax tree. It utilizes existing modules like 'tokenize' and custom token classes. The functions include input validation, error handling with 'PatsyError', and extensive test cases ensuring correctness. No evidence of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, command injection, or backdoors, is present. The design appears to be purely for parsing formulas. The code does not contain any suspicious patterns, hardcoded credentials, or obfuscated code.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a straightforward formula parser with no signs of malicious intent, security risks, or obfuscated malicious code. It appears to be a legitimate component of the Patsy library for formula parsing. The security risk is negligible, and the malware score is zero.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}