{
  "purpose": "This code defines a parser for a simple language based on formulas, primarily for use within the Patsy library to interpret statistical model formulas.",
  "sources": "Reads input from the 'code' parameter in functions like _tokenize_formula and parse_formula; tokenization occurs via python_tokenize from patsy.tokens; input is also taken from test strings in test functions.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks that could lead to data leakage or malicious effects are present. The code primarily performs tokenization and parsing without external communication or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input strings are tokenized; tokens are processed to build parse trees. No flow involves untrusted data being used in system commands, network, or file operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code is structured as a typical parser with no obfuscated language features. No dynamic execution or suspicious imports are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code provides functions for tokenizing and parsing formula expressions, with test functions validating parsing correctness. It uses standard Python modules and a known open-source library (Patsy). There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. All tokenization and parsing logic appears benign and intended solely for expression interpretation. The code handles tokenization, parenthesis matching, operator precedence, and syntax validation in a standard way. No suspicious logic, external communications, or environment variable usage is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward parser implementation for a formula language within the Patsy library. It contains no malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The design is consistent with its purpose of expression parsing, with no indications of supply chain attacks or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}