{
  "purpose": "The code provides a SQL query builder for SQLAlchemy ORM models, enabling construction of SELECT, WHERE, JOIN, ORDER BY, LIMIT, and OFFSET SQL queries with proper handling of table and column names.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from model class attributes (e.g., SQLAlchemy columns), string inputs for raw conditions, and internal state variables for query components.",
  "sinks": "Potential injection points include the to_sql_string method (where string interpolation occurs), user-provided strings in conditions, and the handling of arbitrary inputs in select and where methods that generate SQL strings.",
  "flows": "Sources such as user inputs (conditions, columns, etc.) are integrated into SQL string parts, which flow into the final query string built by build() or build_count_query(). The to_sql_string method formats condition values directly into SQL fragments, potentially allowing injection if inputs are malicious.",
  "anomalies": "The code relies on string interpolation for SQL parts without parameterized queries, which can be risky if inputs are untrusted. The to_sql_string method escapes single quotes but does not sanitize or validate input values comprehensively. The presence of raw string conditions adds risk if used with untrusted data. There is no explicit input validation for condition values beyond type checks. No obfuscated code features are present. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs SQL queries dynamically by concatenating strings derived from user-controlled inputs such as condition values and column names. The to_sql_string method formats values directly into SQL statements, escaping quotes but not implementing parameterized queries. The build methods assemble the final SQL string without safeguards against injection if inputs are maliciously crafted. The code's design allows for flexible query construction but lacks input sanitization or parameterization, making it susceptible to SQL injection if untrusted data is used. No malware-like behavior, backdoors, or hidden malicious functions are present. The overall structure is typical for a query builder, but its security depends heavily on safe usage and validation outside this code.",
  "conclusion": "The code itself does not contain malicious behavior but has significant security risks related to SQL injection due to direct string concatenation of user inputs without parameterization. Proper validation and parameterization should be enforced in production environments. The code appears straightforward and does not attempt obfuscation or concealment. Its malicious potential is low if used correctly, but unsafe usage could lead to vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.7,
  "report_number": 3
}