{
  "purpose": "This code is a SQL query builder for SQLAlchemy ORM models, allowing construction of SELECT queries with conditions, joins, ordering, limits, and offsets.",
  "sources": "Data is read from method inputs such as column parameters, condition objects, and SQLAlchemy model attributes. Inputs include columns, conditions, join parameters, and query modifiers.",
  "sinks": "Generated SQL string outputs; potential for SQL injection if user-controlled input is used directly in string formatting without proper sanitization.",
  "flows": "Sources (user inputs, parameters) are processed into SQL components via methods like where(), select(), join(), etc., and concatenated into a final SQL string in build() or build_count_query().",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. The code performs standard query construction. Potential concern is reliance on string formatting for SQL output, which can lead to injection if inputs are maliciously crafted.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured approach to building SQL queries with support for complex conditions and joins. It uses string concatenation and replacement strategies to generate SQL syntax, which can be risky if inputs are untrusted. There are no evident backdoors or malicious logic; the code primarily focuses on query assembly. Usage of condition objects and safe handling of SQL expressions suggests attention to proper query formation. However, the use of string interpolation for raw SQL parts warrants caution if user inputs are directly incorporated without validation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical SQL query builder with no explicit malicious behavior. Its design relies on the assumption that inputs are sanitized or controlled externally. The primary security risk is potential SQL injection if untrusted inputs are passed directly into methods without validation. No malware or covert malicious actions are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}