{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes for simulating complex neural and oscillatory models, including Hodgkin-Huxley, LEGION, and Stuart-Landau Kuramoto models, using the pyclustering library.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from parameters such as stimulus, omega, rho, and initial states passed to class constructors, as well as from optional intervention functions and random state generators.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data flows into the simulation functions via intervention callbacks, random number generators, and model parameters, but no direct output of sensitive data occurs. No network communication or file writing is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and intervention functions to internal model state updates, including noise and deterministic calculations, without evident external data leaks or malicious network activity.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code are detected. The code includes extensive comments and standard simulation logic. Use of dynamic imports and external library dependencies is typical but not suspicious in context. The noise function returns only the sigma parameter without generating data that could be used maliciously.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple classes for neural network and oscillator simulations with detailed parameter settings, including safety checks (e.g., even number of neurons). Import statements include a specialized fork of pyclustering, which is documented. The functions perform numerical simulations with stochastic elements, intervention hooks, and internal model updates, but do not perform network communications, file access, or system modifications. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code constructs are present. The import handling raises clear errors if dependencies are missing. No obfuscation or malware-like behavior is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of neural and oscillator simulation models with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It relies on an external specialized library and performs standard numerical computations. No signs of malware, backdoors, or security risks are observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}