{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for data visualization, specifically scatter plots with annotations, for statistical data likely related to genomic or phenotypic analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input dataframes ('df_in') and parameters passed to functions, and it accesses external modules (_utils and _rank). It also reads specific columns from dataframes.",
  "sinks": "The functions generate scatter plots and annotations; no direct data leaks or network actions are present. No sinks involve untrusted data execution or external data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Input dataframes are filtered and used directly for plotting; the functions perform data transformations but do not include external data flows or network calls.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual variable and function names are used throughout, possibly obfuscating purpose. The code imports modules with seemingly random names. No hardcoded credentials or obvious malicious code snippets are present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of plotting functions that visualize data with specific styling, labels, and annotations. Variable naming appears intentionally obscure, which could be an attempt to hide intent. No code injection, network activity, or system modifications are observed. The import statements do not include suspicious libraries or functions. The functions do not perform any malicious actions such as data exfiltration, code execution, or system modification. The data visualization logic is typical for scientific plotting. The use of '**eRInpyjGcgVOTYSMMyIChhEfyKyfAuOb' indicates possible use of additional keyword arguments, but nothing suspicious is evident from their usage.\n\nOverall, the code appears to serve legitimate data visualization purposes without malicious behavior, though the obfuscated naming suggests an attempt to conceal intent. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious network activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily designed for plotting data with annotations, with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. Its obfuscated variable and function names may be for concealment but do not indicate malicious intent. The functions are typical for scientific data visualization tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}