{
  "purpose": "The code sets up URL patterns, middleware, and test cases for the django-cors-headers package, mainly to test Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) behavior and middleware responses.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include HTTP request headers (HTTP_ORIGIN, HTTP_ACCESS_CONTROL_REQUEST_METHOD), request.META dictionary, and environment settings via mock patching and context managers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting response headers such as ACCESS_CONTROL_ALLOW_ORIGIN, ACCESS_CONTROL_EXPOSE_HEADERS, ACCESS_CONTROL_ALLOW_CREDENTIALS, and other CORS headers. The code modifies response objects based on request headers and settings.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (request headers) influence the headers set in responses via middleware methods. The flow typically involves reading request headers, processing them through middleware logic, and setting appropriate CORS headers in the response.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or backdoors are evident. The code is mostly standard test case setup, with extensive mocking and setting overrides. No obfuscated or unusual code constructs detected. The code properly isolates test data and does not perform any network or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily involves standard unit testing for CORS middleware in Django, including mock requests, setting environment variables, and verifying headers. It does not include any code that could be used maliciously, such as data exfiltration, command execution, or network connections to malicious domains. The middleware processes request headers and sets response headers accordingly. All operations appear to be for testing purposes only, with no harmful actions performed. No signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a comprehensive test suite for CORS middleware behavior in Django, with no indications of malicious intent, security breaches, or supply chain sabotage. It operates solely within a testing environment and does not perform any harmful actions or contain malicious code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}