{
  "purpose": "This code defines unit tests and middleware behavior for handling Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) in a Django application, including request processing, response headers, and configuration overrides.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from HTTP request headers (e.g., HTTP_ORIGIN, HTTP_ACCESS_CONTROL_REQUEST_METHOD) and configuration settings (via the settings_override class). It also reads data from mock objects used in tests.",
  "sinks": "Response objects are modified to include CORS headers such as ACCESS_CONTROL_ALLOW_ORIGIN, ACCESS_CONTROL_ALLOW_CREDENTIALS, ACCESS_CONTROL_ALLOW_HEADERS, and others, which influence cross-origin access policies.",
  "flows": "Input headers (sources) flow into middleware methods (process_request, process_response, process_view) which conditionally add or modify headers (sinks) based on configuration and header values, thus controlling the CORS behavior.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard Django and third-party library practices. The mock and patch usage is for testing purposes only, not production malicious activity. No obfuscation or malicious code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a comprehensive set of unit tests and middleware implementations for handling CORS policies in Django. It dynamically adjusts request and response headers based on configuration settings, including origin whitelists, regex patterns, and custom models. The logic appears consistent with standard CORS handling and does not exhibit malicious intent or sabotage. All header modifications are typical for CORS management. The use of mocks and test-specific overrides further suggests testing rather than malicious activity. No signals of code injection, backdoors, or data exfiltration are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured test suite and middleware implementation for CORS in Django. It contains no malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It correctly handles header processing, configuration overrides, and integrates with Django’s response cycle. The overall security risk is negligible, with high confidence in this assessment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}