{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and class definitions for the Snowball client SDK, providing type hints and structured API references for interacting with AWS Snowball services.",
  "sources": "The code primarily reads class definitions, method signatures, type aliases, and imported modules. It accesses AWS service documentation via docstrings but does not process external inputs or execute logic.",
  "sinks": "There are no obvious sinks where untrusted data is processed or where data leaks could occur. No code writes to files, makes network calls directly, or processes external input.",
  "flows": "The code does not contain runtime logic, data flows, or untrusted data processing paths; it only provides interface definitions and type annotations.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard SDK interface definition with no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code constructs. The docstrings link to documentation and are standard in SDK code. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or suspicious patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The file is a type-stub and class interface definition for the Snowball client, used for static type checking. It imports standard and AWS SDK modules, defines exception types, and annotates methods with expected parameters and return types. The methods are typical SDK operations with no embedded logic, data processing, or external communications. The presence of documentation links and detailed type definitions suggests a well-structured SDK interface. No malicious or suspicious behavior, data leaks, or malicious code patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard SDK interface with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It provides type annotations for the Snowball AWS SDK, with no runtime logic or external data handling that could be exploited. It appears safe and legitimate for static analysis purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}