{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebSocket server with support for serving specific files, handling WebSocket connections, and integrating a policy server for Flash socket policy requests.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (environ), HTTP headers (HTTP_IF_NONE_MATCH), and file system for files to serve (via open and data.__file__).",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes to sys.stderr, log, and socket connections. Opens files from the filesystem, and calls application logic via self.application.",
  "flows": "Reads environment variables and HTTP headers; serves files from filesystem; initializes and manages WebSocket and policy server; logs messages; handles exceptions and socket closing.",
  "anomalies": "Uses exception handling with broad except clauses without specific exception filtering, which can mask issues. Reads files directly based on filename without validation (though filename is derived from a safe source). No hardcoded credentials or suspicious constants detected. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a WebSocket server with additional features for serving files and managing a Flash policy server. It reads environment data to determine request types and serve files accordingly. The use of broad exception handling and writing to stderr is standard for server error handling. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network data exfiltration, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms. The code primarily performs expected server functions with no suspicious patterns. The use of hashlib for ETag management is standard. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate implementation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a WebSocket server with file serving and policy server support. No malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms are identified. The implementation appears standard and safe, with no evident security risks beyond normal server concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}