{
  "purpose": "The code constructs a row parser for processing data columns based on their type signatures, supporting complex types like arrays, maps, and rows, as well as varbinary processing.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'columns' list parameter in 'build_row_parser', and from 'column_type_signature' inputs to functions such as '_build_cell_processor' and '_extract_column_type'.",
  "sinks": "Processed data is returned as part of 'PrestoRowParser' objects, which may handle data further downstream. No explicit sinks for untrusted data are evident in this code snippet.",
  "flows": "Input 'columns' flow into '_build_cell_processor' via 'build_row_parser', which calls '_extract_column_type' and potentially complex processor builders, culminating in creation of 'PrestoRowParser'. Data flows from input parameters through processing functions to output parser objects.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic dispatch based on type signatures but does not include any code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious patterns such as hardcoded secrets or unusual variable naming. No evident backdoors, network activity, or malicious payloads are present.",
  "analysis": "The code's structure is straightforward, implementing a modular factory pattern to build column processors based on type signatures. It imports several processing modules, which appear to handle specific data types like varbinary, array, map, and row. No suspicious code execution, network operations, or credential handling are present. It relies on standard data structures and functions. The processing functions appear to be standard data processors, with no signs of malicious behavior. The code only reads data schemas and creates data processing objects, with no evidence of data exfiltration or harmful actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for building data parsers based on column schemas, with no indicators of malicious intent or security risks. It appears safe and primarily focused on data structure processing. No malicious behavior or security issues are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}