{
  "purpose": "The code defines a MockResolver class used to resolve API operations, providing mock functions for operations that cannot be resolved, primarily for testing or development purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'operation' object via 'operation.example_response()'. It also reads configuration 'mock_all' during initialization and operation IDs during resolution.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks where untrusted data could lead to data leaks or system effects. The code primarily generates and returns mock responses without executing untrusted code or system commands.",
  "flows": "Sources (operation data) flow into 'mock_operation' for generating responses. During 'resolve', depending on 'mock_all' and resolution success, a mock function is returned. No external data is executed or transmitted beyond returning mock responses.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code uses standard Python modules and libraries, with no obfuscated patterns or uncommon language features. The use of dynamic partial functions and exception handling appears normal.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a mock resolver class intended for testing API endpoints by returning predefined or default responses. It reads operation information, generates mock functions, and conditionally resolves real functions or defaults to mocks based on configuration. No external or untrusted data is executed, transmitted, or stored maliciously. The code appears well-structured, with proper exception handling and logging for debugging. There are no signs of malware, code injection, data leakage, or suspicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign mock resolver implementation for testing API operations. It does not contain malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. It primarily provides placeholder responses and handles resolution logic safely.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}