{
  "purpose": "The code manages version checking for the Bittensor SDK and conditionally executes an external shell script ('certifi.sh') located in a local utils directory when invoked with the 'certifi' argument.",
  "sources": "Command-line argument 'sys.argv', the constructed path to 'certifi.sh' in the local 'utils' directory, existence check for the script, and the script's permissions setting.",
  "sinks": "Execution of the external 'certifi.sh' script via subprocess.run, which could lead to arbitrary code execution if the script is malicious or compromised.",
  "flows": "User provides 'certifi' argument -> script constructs path to 'certifi.sh' -> verifies existence -> sets executable permissions -> runs the script -> otherwise, prints version info and checks latest version on PyPI.",
  "anomalies": "The code executes an external script based solely on user input without validating its content or integrity. It modifies permissions before execution, which could be misused if the script is malicious. No obfuscation or hardcoded secrets are present.",
  "analysis": "The script performs standard version management tasks with an optional external script execution. The primary security concern is trusting the external 'certifi.sh' script, which is unverified. The code itself is benign and does not contain malicious logic. The external script's trustworthiness is critical; if compromised, it could execute malicious actions. The malware score is appropriately set to 0, and the security risk score should reflect the potential danger of executing unverified external code. Given the local, controlled environment, the risk is moderate but manageable with proper verification.",
  "conclusion": "The code is straightforward and does not contain malicious behavior internally. The main security risk stems from executing an external script without validation, which could be malicious if the script is compromised. The malware score remains at 0, obfuscated score at 0, and the security risk score should be around 0.2 to 0.4 depending on trust in 'certifi.sh'. To mitigate risks, verifying the script's integrity before execution is recommended.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}