{
  "purpose": "The script checks the command-line arguments to either run a specific shell script ('certifi.sh') or display the installed version of the Bittensor SDK and check for the latest version on PyPI.",
  "sources": "sys.argv (reads command-line input), os.path (reads filesystem to check for certifi.sh), os.path.exists (checks existence), os.chmod (modifies file permissions), subprocess.run (executes a shell script), __version__ (reads package version), check_latest_version_in_pypi (fetches data from PyPI).",
  "sinks": "subprocess.run (executes external script), os.chmod (changes file permissions).",
  "flows": "Command-line argument check (sys.argv) determines whether to execute certifi.sh via subprocess or to print version info.",
  "anomalies": "The code directly executes a shell script ('certifi.sh') based on user input without sanitization, which could be risky if the script path or content are manipulated or replaced. However, the script is located in a local directory, reducing remote risk. No sensitive data or credentials are hardcoded. No obfuscated code detected. The code only runs the script if the argument 'certifi' is provided.",
  "analysis": "The code first imports necessary modules and internal functions. It then checks if the script is executed with the 'certifi' argument. If so, it constructs the path to 'certifi.sh' in a local utils directory, verifies its existence, sets execute permissions, and runs it using subprocess.run. If not, it simply prints the current version and checks for updates on PyPI. The only potentially risky part is the execution of an external script based on user input, but since the script path is hardcoded and local, this limits potential malicious use. There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears benign; it conditionally runs a local shell script or displays version info. The only minor concern is executing an external script based on user input, which is mitigated by the local and fixed script path. No malware or malicious intent is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}