{
  "purpose": "This class provides methods to encrypt and decrypt strings using character replacements and reversible transformations, primarily for obfuscation or encoding purposes.",
  "sources": "Input strings provided to encrypt() and encrypted tokens provided to decrypt().",
  "sinks": "The code does not appear to write data to external systems, files, or network connections. No external or untrusted data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input string → reversed string → character replacements → insertion of separator '▓' → output encrypted token. For decryption, encrypted token → removal of '▓' → reversed string → reverse character replacements → original string.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors observed. The code performs reversible character replacements with a fixed mapping. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors are present. The insertion of '▓' as a separator appears to be a simple obfuscation layer.",
  "analysis": "The code uses straightforward string manipulation for encryption and decryption. Both methods rely on fixed mappings between characters and emojis, with reversible operations. There are no external data sources or sinks, no network activity, no code injection points, and no suspicious logic. The implementation appears to be for encoding or obfuscation rather than malicious activity. It does not perform any operations that could be malicious such as data exfiltration, command execution, or system modification.",
  "conclusion": "The class provides simple reversible encoding of strings via character substitutions and string reversal. It shows no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be a benign obfuscation utility. Given the straightforward nature of the code and absence of external or hidden operations, the malware score is low. No security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}