{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility class for emitting TeamCity build and test service messages, with support for encoding, message formatting, and various build/test status notifications.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include method parameters such as message content, property values, test names, and external outputs like sys.stdout or custom output streams.",
  "sinks": "Output sinks include writing encoded messages to output streams, particularly in methods like message() and _single_value_message(), which send formatted strings to potentially untrusted outputs.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows from input parameters (e.g., message names, property values, test names) into message formatting functions, which then encode and write these messages to output streams. The data flow is mostly linear and controlled, with no complex or dynamic code execution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code mainly handles message formatting and output; no suspicious network connections, file operations, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. The encode/decode functions process string data securely, and retry logic is standard for handling I/O issues.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard utility for emitting structured build/test messages compatible with TeamCity CI. It encodes and formats messages, manages output streams, and includes error handling for I/O. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data theft, network communication to malicious domains, or system harm. The only potential concern is that the output stream could be manipulated externally, but this is typical for logging/output functions and not inherently malicious. The presence of encoding, decoding, and message construction is standard, with no evidence of obfuscation, backdoors, or malware. Overall, the code is a typical utility library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate utility for emitting TeamCity service messages, with no malicious behavior detected. It manages output encoding, message formatting, and error handling in a secure manner. No suspicious or malicious activities are present, and the overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}