{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility for sending structured TeamCity build and test messages, including status updates, test results, and artifacts, primarily for CI/CD integration.",
  "sources": "Data is read from parameters passed to functions (e.g., message properties, test details, status messages). It reads from sys.stdout or a provided output stream, and fetches system time via time functions.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data (e.g., message properties, test outputs, status messages) are written to output streams via output.write, which could be exploited if malicious data is injected. Also, encoded or decoded data may be influenced by external input.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., message contents, property values, test outputs) flow into message construction, which then flows into write and flush functions on output streams, potentially exposing malicious data if inputs are untrusted.",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code. The code primarily deals with message formatting and output. The only slightly unusual aspect is the escape_value function for escaping message content, which is standard. The retry_on_EAGAIN decorator wraps output stream calls, which is typical for handling IO errors.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions and classes to send structured messages to a CI system. It uses standard Python features, including time handling, string encoding, and output stream management. The output is constructed from parameters that could potentially be supplied externally, but these are used for messaging and status updates. There is no evidence of malicious behaviors such as network communication to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The handling of outputs and encoding appears standard. The code does not perform any unsafe operations or access sensitive data outside its scope. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation for CI message formatting and output, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It handles output streams and message construction securely within expected norms. Therefore, it poses a low security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}