{
  "purpose": "Implementing an HTTP/2 connection with frame handling, stream management, and flow control.",
  "sources": "Incoming data via receive_data(), frames from incoming_buffer, settings updates, header and data frames, and input parameters for methods like send_headers, push_stream, etc.",
  "sinks": "Outgoing frames prepared by _prepare_for_sending(), network transmission via data_to_send(), potential frame injections, and method parameters such as headers, data, and control signals.",
  "flows": "From sources such as receive_data() or method inputs (headers, data, frames) to frame processing, state transitions in the connection state machine, and outgoing data buffer _data_to_send for network transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. Use of base64 encoding in initiate_upgrade_connection is standard for setting exchange, not suspicious. Error handling and frame processing follow protocol specs. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected. Logging is present for debugging, but no malicious payload or privacy violations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement an HTTP/2 connection with proper handling of frames, streams, and settings, following RFC specifications. It uses standard libraries and patterns for protocol compliance. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious data flows are evident. Methods for sending and receiving frames are consistent with protocol standards, with careful management of flow control and stream states. No signs of malware such as network exfiltration, reverse shells, or cryptomining are observed. Exception handling is standard, focusing on protocol errors. The use of base64 in upgrade connection is a protocol requirement, not malicious. Overall, the code appears legitimate and secure, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive and standards-compliant implementation of an HTTP/2 connection with proper frame and stream management. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. It appears safe for use within its protocol scope, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}