{
  "purpose": "Build and version verification script for a Python C++ extension package, orchestrating build steps and file generation.",
  "sources": "Reads version info from files, environment variables influencing subprocess commands, external build scripts, and templates.",
  "sinks": "exec() on version and setup files, subprocess calls for CMake build and install, file write operations, dynamic code compilation.",
  "flows": "Reads version data -> verifies version consistency -> executes build commands via subprocess -> dynamically executes setup scripts -> generates files with templates.",
  "anomalies": "Use of compile() and exec() on setup files and templates, reliance on environment variables for build commands, no input validation for dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The script performs standard build and packaging tasks with version checks, file generation, and invoking CMake. It uses dynamic code execution (`exec()`, `compile()`) on trusted files, which is common in build scripts but can be risky if files are compromised. Environment variables like 'CMAKE_ARGS' influence subprocess commands, potentially exploitable if manipulated. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The code is straightforward and follows typical patterns for such build processes. The use of dynamic execution introduces some risk but is controlled and standard in trusted build environments. Overall, the script appears legitimate, with moderate inherent risks typical for build automation. The scores are consistent with these observations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build and packaging script for a Python extension module, performing version verification, file generation, and invoking CMake. No malicious activity or obfuscation is detected. The use of dynamic execution and environment variables introduces moderate risk but is typical in such scripts. The overall security assessment is low risk, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}