{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client class definition for the boto3 QConnect service, providing method signatures and documentation links for interaction with AWS QConnect.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard libraries, botocore, and local modules; class method definitions with kwargs unpacked from specific request types.",
  "sinks": "Methods that accept untrusted input via kwargs, which are unpacked into request objects; potential for injection or malicious data if input is untrusted. No direct data leakage or system commands executed.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from method kwargs into request type definitions; these are passed to AWS service calls via the boto3 client, typically over network; no file or system command execution observed.",
  "anomalies": "Extensive use of type annotations, overloads for paginators, and comprehensive method signatures. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or misleading variables observed. Documentation links are standard.",
  "analysis": "The code is a generated or manually written interface for AWS QConnect, providing method signatures, type annotations, and documentation links. No execution logic, data processing, or suspicious behaviors present. The use of **kwargs with type unpacking is consistent with boto3 client wrappers and poses no inherent security risk. No hardcoded secrets or external malicious calls are visible. The overloads for paginators are standard for boto3 stubs. Overall, the code appears to be a safe, structured client interface without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive boto3 client stub with detailed type annotations for the QConnect AWS service. It contains no malicious behavior, no obfuscated code, and no security risks. It appears to be a legitimate SDK interface implementation for AWS service interaction.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 2
}