{
  "purpose": "This code provides sample methods for configuring and using the Azure TableService client, including retries, endpoints, protocols, sessions, proxies, and callbacks.",
  "sources": "Hardcoded account_name and account_key in multiple methods, potential for external input in callbacks and proxy settings.",
  "sinks": "Credentials (account_key), proxy configurations, request headers (custom request id), potentially sensitive response data in response_callback.",
  "flows": "Hardcoded credentials used when creating TableService instances → proxies and request callbacks set potentially sensitive headers and configurations.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of hardcoded credentials ('<account_name>', '<account_key>'); no actual sensitive data included, but placeholders indicate insecure practice if replaced with real secrets. No obfuscation or malware signatures. Usage of request callbacks to modify request headers could be exploited if misused.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily demonstrates configuration of a client library with various options. It uses hardcoded placeholders for credentials, which, if replaced with real secrets, could lead to credential exposure if the code is shared or mismanaged. The callback functions modify headers and handle responses but do not perform malicious actions themselves. Proxy configuration and request session setup are straightforward. No evidence of malicious payloads, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. The code appears benign, but hardcoded secrets and potential for misconfigured callbacks or proxies could pose security risks if exploited in a real environment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a sample configuration script for Azure TableService. It contains placeholders for sensitive data and demonstrates configurable options. There are no signs of malicious behavior or malware. The main concern is the insecure handling of credentials and the potential misuse of callbacks or proxy settings if real secrets are hardcoded. Overall, it is a benign code sample with some insecure practices related to credential management.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}