{
  "purpose": "The code implements a server interface for interacting with the 'smcphub' platform, loading tools from an external API, and exposing endpoints for listing tools, prompts, and invoking tools. It uses environment variables for configuration and makes HTTP requests to external services.",
  "sources": "Environment variables ('SMCPHUB_API_KEY', 'APP_ENV'), HTTP responses from external API endpoints ('/mcp/service/list', '/mcp/tool/call'), function arguments (tool name, args).",
  "sinks": "HTTP request payloads (JSON data sent to external API), environment variables (API keys), responses from external API, internal data returned by server endpoints.",
  "flows": "Environment variables → HTTP headers and configuration → API requests to external endpoints → responses processed and returned via server endpoints → external API interactions based on user requests.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials, no obfuscated code, no suspicious external domains beyond legitimate API URLs, no suspicious data flows or hidden code.",
  "analysis": "The code loads environment variables for API keys and environment setting, makes HTTP requests with proper error handling, and exposes server endpoints for listing tools and invoking them. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. A minor bug exists where 'callTool' is invoked without 'await', which is a functional bug but not security-related. No obfuscation or malicious payloads are present. The external API interactions are standard and properly handled. The code's structure and behavior indicate a legitimate API client/server component with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured API client/server component that interacts with external services securely and transparently. No malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. The only issue is a minor async bug that does not impact security. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.2 due to external API dependencies and environment variable usage. Overall, the code appears secure and free of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}