{
  "purpose": "Evaluate runtime expressions within Arazzo workflows, supporting nested data access, array indexing, JSON pointers, and condition evaluation.",
  "sources": "Data read from 'inputs', 'step_outputs', 'workflow_outputs', 'dependency_outputs', and context variables; regex pattern matching for array/object access; JSON pointer resolution.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe 'eval' calls on expressions and conditions, which could execute arbitrary code if input is malicious.",
  "flows": "Expression strings are matched against patterns; if matched, data is retrieved from context or 'state' components; 'eval' executes expressions; JSON pointers resolve nested data; path navigation occurs through dicts/lists.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'eval' without explicit sanitization; complex regex for pattern matching; handling of nested paths and JSON pointers; no malicious code or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured approach to evaluate expressions with support for nested data, array indexing, and JSON pointers. It uses regex for pattern matching and 'eval' for expression evaluation, which is a security concern if inputs are untrusted. No malicious code, backdoors, or network activity are present. The 'eval' usage is limited to controlled expressions, but the potential for code injection remains if untrusted input is processed. The pattern matching and data access logic are consistent and robust. The security risk primarily stems from 'eval' on unvalidated data, leading to possible code execution vulnerabilities. Malware and obfuscation scores are appropriately low, as no malicious or obfuscated code is detected. The security risk score should be high due to 'eval' usage, with a value around 0.75, reflecting the potential for exploitation if inputs are compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard expression evaluator with comprehensive support for nested data and JSON pointers. The primary security concern is the use of 'eval' without input validation, which could be exploited if malicious expressions are evaluated. No evidence of malicious activity or obfuscation is present. The malware and obfuscated scores are justified at 0, while the security risk score should be high (~0.75). Implementing safer expression parsing or sandboxed evaluation methods would mitigate this risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}