{
  "purpose": "Provides an IPython/Jupyter Notebook widget for displaying progress bars using tqdm, with compatibility across different IPython versions.",
  "sources": "Imports modules such as re, sys, html.escape, weakref.proxy, and various IPython widget modules. Reads configuration via imported modules and user-supplied parameters.",
  "sinks": "Uses display() function to show widgets; updates widget properties and values based on progress. No untrusted input sources detected that could lead to data leaks or code injection within this code.",
  "flows": "Progress bar updates and display calls originate from methods like display() and update(). These methods manipulate widget properties but do not process untrusted external data directly.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. No obfuscated code or unusual control flow. The code handles different IPython versions gracefully, which is normal for compatibility. No signs of malicious behavior or privacy violations.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Jupyter Notebook progress bar widget with compatibility handling for multiple IPython versions. It employs standard widget components and display functions. No code parts attempt to connect to external servers, send data, or execute untrusted code. The imports and widget manipulations are consistent with typical progress bar implementations. There are no indications of malicious backdoors, data exfiltration, or harmful code. The only potential concern might be the use of proxy and dynamic display updates, but these are standard in widget interfaces. Overall, the code appears legitimate and safe.",
  "conclusion": "This code provides a legitimate progress bar widget for Jupyter Notebook environments, with no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It uses standard library imports and handles compatibility across multiple IPython versions without suspicious modifications.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}