{
  "purpose": "The code provides an IPython/Jupyter Notebook widget for displaying progress bars, integrating with ipywidgets and IPython display utilities. It extends tqdm functionality to show progress bars within notebook environments.",
  "sources": "Imports external modules such as re, sys, html.escape, weakref.proxy, ipywidgets, IPython.display.display. Reads environment and module availability to determine widget behavior. Accesses class attributes like self.container, self.n, self.total, self.delay, self.desc.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform operations that directly output or handle untrusted input data in a vulnerable manner. It uses display functions and modifies widget attributes, but does not generate or process untrusted data that could lead to injection or leaks.",
  "flows": "N/A: The code manages widget states and display logic internally. No data flows from untrusted sources to sinks are evident that could cause security issues.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of malicious or suspicious code patterns. The code uses standard library functions, common widget manipulations, and straightforward logic for progress bar display. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of a Jupyter Notebook progress bar widget leveraging ipywidgets. It includes compatibility checks for different IPython versions, dynamic widget creation, and display management. It handles exceptions and widget updates cleanly, with no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or data exfiltration. No external network connections, data theft, or backdoors are present. The structure and logic are consistent with an open-source progress bar utility.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a benign, well-structured implementation of a notebook progress bar extension for tqdm. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It serves its intended purpose safely and effectively.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}