{
  "purpose": "This code provides type annotations and paginator class definitions for the boto3 Config service, enabling type-checked pagination in Python applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads type definition modules, imports from botocore, sys, and typing, and accesses method parameters through **kwargs in each paginator's paginate method.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily defines classes and methods that call the underlying boto3 client’s get_paginator method and return page iterators; no untrusted data is processed or used in a way that leads to data leaks or execution.",
  "flows": "The paginator classes extend base Paginator classes and override the paginate method, passing in **kwargs that are unpacked into the underlying boto3 paginator methods. These flows are straightforward and do not include any dynamic code execution or external data handling.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains multiple repetitive class definitions that follow a pattern, but no hidden or obfuscated code segments. The only unusual aspect is the extensive boilerplate and the use of type definitions for pagination request and response types, which is standard for boto3-stubs. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The script defines numerous paginator classes for the boto3 Config service, each extending a base Paginator and implementing a paginate method. The classes are conditionally typed with TYPE_CHECKING to facilitate type hints without runtime impact. The use of Unpack with type annotations aligns with Python 3.12+ standards, with fallback for earlier versions. All code is centered around defining class structures, method signatures, and documentation links, with no code executing arbitrary or malicious actions. There are no indications of data exfiltration, remote code execution, or any malicious payloads. The pattern is consistent, well-structured, and typical for SDK stub generation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a boilerplate-based, type-annotated implementation of boto3 paginator classes for AWS Config. It serves as an interface for type-safe pagination and contains no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. The structure is standard, and the code is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}