{
  "purpose": "The code defines typed paginator classes for AWS Config service using boto3, providing type annotations and pagination interfaces for various AWS API calls.",
  "sources": "The code reads static import modules, type definitions, and class method parameters via **kwargs. It does not read external user input or environment variables.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data to external systems, files, or network, nor does it execute external commands or code injection routines. No data leakage or external effects are evident.",
  "flows": "The flow is mainly class definitions with method signatures that accept **kwargs with specific types and return paginated responses; no untrusted data flows to sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes many auto-generated-looking class definitions with consistent pattern. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic are present. No obfuscation or unusual code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides well-structured, type-annotated wrapper classes for boto3 paginator objects, including type definitions, conditional imports, and method overrides. It appears to be a generated, maintainable interface layer. No signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or privacy violations are present. The code is focused on providing type hints and pagination logic for AWS API interactions, with no external network or system modifications.\n\nThe use of conditional imports for 'Unpack' is standard, and the class hierarchies follow predictable patterns. There are no suspicious runtime behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated constructs. All code appears to serve legitimate purposes in SDK type annotations.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a secure, structured, and transparent set of pagination class definitions for boto3 AWS SDK with type annotations. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate, auto-generated SDK interface layer with no signs of malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}