{
  "purpose": "The code provides an asynchronous Python client for interacting with a ClickHouse database server, allowing query execution, data insertion, and connection management.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration parameters (e.g., user, password, database, settings), input queries, and input data files. It also reads responses from HTTP requests made to the database server.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent to the server via HTTP POST requests with query strings and data payloads. Responses are processed for JSON or TSV formats. No direct untrusted data output is observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (queries, data files, configuration) flow into HTTP request payloads, which are sent to the server. Responses are read asynchronously and processed into records. There is no evidence of untrusted data being executed or maliciously manipulated.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code handles various query types securely. The dynamic query formatting with .format() on untrusted parameters could be risky if parameters are not sanitized externally, but within this code, it's controlled via _prepare_query_params. The use of warnings for deprecated methods is standard. No obfuscated or intentionally malicious code patterns are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured asynchronous client for ClickHouse, implementing standard connection, query, and data insertion functionalities. It employs safe practices like parameter preparation, controlled query parsing, and context management. No suspicious or malicious code behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system manipulation are evident. There is a potential risk if external parameters used with string formatting are malicious, but this risk is mitigated if parameters are properly sanitized outside this code. The dynamic query construction using format() is common but should be used carefully; however, within this context, it does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, secure database client implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard asynchronous client for interacting with a ClickHouse database, with no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. It handles queries and data securely, without embedding or executing untrusted code or secrets. It is safe to use from a security perspective, assuming external parameters are sanitized appropriately.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}