{
  "purpose": "The code converts Python callables into MEL procedures and creates MEL commands from Python functions or classes for integration with Maya.",
  "sources": "Reads function definitions, inspect module for function signatures, and accesses the __doc__ attribute for method shortnames.",
  "sinks": "Uses maya.mel.eval to compile MEL procedures, potentially executing dynamically generated MEL code. Uses python functions and method calls as callbacks, but only internally.",
  "flows": "Function inspection and signature analysis -> generation of MEL code strings -> execution of MEL code via maya.mel.eval; Python functions stored in _functionStore for later invocation.",
  "anomalies": "Dynamically generates MEL procedures with embedded python code strings, which are executed using maya.mel.eval. Stores functions in a global dictionary for later retrieval, which may be a risk if overwritten. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors present. The use of eval for MEL code generation is a potential risk, but appears to be internal and controlled.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily provides functionality to wrap Python callables as MEL procedures and create MEL commands for Maya. It uses inspect to analyze function signatures, generate MEL argument lists, and dynamically creates MEL procedures with embedded python calls. It stores references to functions in a global dictionary _functionStore. The use of eval to run generated MEL code is standard in such integrations but can be risky if untrusted code were injected; however, in this context, it appears to be used for legitimate purpose of code generation for Maya's scripting environment. There are no signs of obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious network activity. The code does not perform any file I/O, network operations, or data exfiltration. It relies on internal Maya APIs and standard Python introspection, with no suspicious manipulation of environment variables or system data.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for integrating Python functions with Maya's MEL environment. No evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware is detected. The use of eval for MEL code generation is standard in this context and not inherently malicious. The only noteworthy aspect is dynamic code execution within Maya, which is typical for such integrations and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}