{
  "purpose": "The code implements a simple web server application that manages websocket-like connections and serves static files, with an update loop that sends messages to connected sockets.",
  "sources": "Reads data from environment variables, socket.receive(), file system for serving static files.",
  "sinks": "socket.send() method, reading files from disk.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and socket.receive() → socket.send() and file reading.",
  "anomalies": "Potentially unsafe file serving by directly reading files without validation, usage of untrusted socket data in send operations, no input sanitization for 'PATH_INFO'. The code relies on environment data and socket communications but does not sanitize or validate inputs or socket data. The server runs an infinite loop with no exit conditions, which is typical but not inherently suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a web application that spawns greenlets to handle websocket-like connections, manages a set of sockets, and periodically sends messages to all connected sockets. Static file serving reads files directly from disk with minimal validation. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are observed. Socket data is received and sent without sanitization, but no malicious content handling or injection is evident. The code does not perform any network connections other than socket communication and server binding. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are present. The only potential concern is the unverified handling of socket data and static file serving which could be exploited for DoS if abused, but no malicious code is embedded or executed. Overall, the code appears benign with no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions as a basic web server with websocket management features. It does not contain any malicious behaviors, backdoors, or suspicious activities. The code is straightforward and does not exhibit signs of obfuscation or malware. The security risks are minimal, primarily related to unvalidated input handling which is typical for this kind of application but does not imply malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}