{
  "purpose": "The function performs a lookup for an address in the DAWA system to retrieve a UUID based on provided address details.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters 'street_name' and 'postal_code'. It also creates an instance of DARClient and calls its 'cleanse_single' method, which may involve external data retrieval.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the 'darclient.cleanse_single' method call, which communicates with an external system (DAWA). The exception handling prints errors to the console, which could potentially leak information if misused.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('street_name', 'postal_code') are combined into a string, then passed to 'darclient.cleanse_single'. The response from this method, particularly 'dar_reply['id']', is used as output. Errors during the process are caught and printed.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses exception handling that prints errors directly to standard output, which might leak sensitive information. The 'DARClient' is instantiated each call, which could be inefficient but not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The function performs a straightforward address lookup via an external API client. It uses caching for efficiency. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or obfuscated behavior. Error handling is simple, with exceptions printed to console. The external call could be a privacy concern if the address data is sensitive, but this is standard for such a service.\n\nNo suspicious code patterns, malicious activity, or malicious intent are evident. The use of external API is typical for address validation services and does not suggest malicious behavior.\n\nOverall, the code appears benign, with no indicators of malware or malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward address lookup function utilizing an external API client. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks beyond typical external data retrieval. The only minor concern is printing exceptions, which could leak information, but this is common practice in debugging and not malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}