{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be part of a CKAN extension focused on data harvesting, resource handling, and metadata processing, including utilities for format identification, resource metadata rendering, and integration with external systems.",
  "sources": "Data is read from resource dictionaries (e.g., resource.get), external configuration (e.g., config.get), CSV files, and JSON payloads. External URLs are generated for API endpoints and static assets.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include URL generation, rendering HTML templates, and loading external resources or files (e.g., logos, CSV data). User input is not directly handled in a malicious way; mostly internal data flow.",
  "flows": "Data flows from resource dictionaries and external configs into various format-specific functions, URL and resource metadata processing, and rendering functions. No clear malicious source-to-sink data flow is observed.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of obfuscated import alias (`h`), dynamic eval-like functions (`ast.literal_eval`), and extensive hardcoded mappings and CSV file reading. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. The code contains many utility functions typical for metadata processing, with no clear malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of utility functions for data format identification, metadata rendering, and resource handling within a CKAN extension context. Functions like `xwqBVlefrQgdJHKYAxmczfUWnzySwPUl` and `szrLOMOlIBEeopYrGuFeueUPTJQcxQYY` use `ast.literal_eval` safely for parsing strings into Python data structures. External URL generation and static asset referencing appear standard. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communication to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or system manipulation are present. The obfuscated import alias and extensive static mappings may indicate some effort to obscure intent, but are not malicious in themselves. The code does not include any payload or actions that harm or compromise the host system.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard utility and rendering module for a CKAN data harvesting extension. It processes metadata, resource formats, and static assets without any evidence of malicious intent or malware. The presence of obfuscated import alias and use of `ast.literal_eval` are typical for security-conscious code but do not indicate malicious activity. Overall, the code seems safe with low security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}