{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes for online statistical calculations such as rolling, seasonal, expanding, and exponential weighted means, maxima, minima, and standard deviations, primarily for time series analysis.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input numpy arrays and new float values via the 'fit_transform' and 'update' methods of various classes.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations only within its own functions and methods; no external data is sent over networks or written to files. No untrusted data is directly written or transmitted outside the scope of the class methods.",
  "flows": "Input data from numpy arrays flows into fit_transform methods; individual new float values flow into update methods; the computed statistics are returned by these methods. No external system calls or network operations are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments detected. Usage of standard mathematical functions and common numpy operations. No obfuscation or unusual code patterns observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured as a collection of statistical classes for time series analysis, including rolling, seasonal, expanding, and exponential weighted methods. These classes use standard numpy operations and mathematical functions, with logical update mechanisms for streaming data. There are no signs of malicious code, such as data exfiltration, network communication, or system manipulation. The functions and methods are straightforward, focusing on statistical computations, with no external side-effects beyond returning calculated values. The Shift class handles array shifting without external dependencies or side-effects. Overall, the code appears to be a standard implementation for statistical analysis without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured implementation of online statistical analysis functions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It serves its purpose for data analysis in time series contexts without posing security concerns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}