{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes for various online (incremental) statistical and smoothing computations, including rolling, expanding, seasonal, and exponential weighted means and standard deviations, for use in time series analysis.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from functions such as fit_transform methods (receiving np.ndarray objects) and from update methods (receiving individual float values). Data flows from these sources into the statistical operations.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data is used to update internal state variables such as windows, averages, and min/max values, and these updates influence the internal computations and returned results. There are no direct sinks such as network, file, or system command calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays into fit_transform methods, where they initialize internal states; then, individual new data points are used to update the state via update methods, which modify internal variables (windows, averages, min/max). The flow remains within the statistical computations without external effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code employs standard mathematical and statistical functions, with clear, conventional logic. No obfuscated code, external network access, or malicious actions are evident. The use of numpy and internal calculations are typical for statistical modules.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple classes for incremental statistical calculations, utilizing numpy and custom functions imported from other modules (.expanding, .ewm, .rolling, .shift). Initialization methods set up internal states; fit_transform methods compute initial statistics; update methods modify internal states based on new data. The logic is consistent with standard statistical procedures. No code performs external communication, data exfiltration, or executes system commands. The structure is straightforward, with no suspicious or hidden behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This module is a standard implementation of online statistical estimators, with no indications of malicious intent or malicious code. It functions to perform incremental calculations for time series analysis. The code appears safe and free of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}