{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate and manipulate SVG badges, either from local templates or by fetching images from an external service, and to write these badges to files or streams.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-provided strings for badge labels, colors, and file paths. External input is potentially from the user via function parameters, environment variables, or filesystem.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include writing SVG data to files or streams, and making HTTP requests to fetch badge images from shields.io. The code encodes SVG strings before writing to files and uses requests.get() to fetch remote images.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (label text, message text, color) into SVG template replacement; from user input or parameters into file output; and from the code into external requests when fetching badge images.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. Use of requests for fetching images is standard; no indication of data exfiltration or malicious manipulation. The code imports standard libraries and handles compatibility, with no obfuscated or suspicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily deals with badge SVG generation, using local templates and external requests for shield images. It encodes text for URL safety, handles filesystem operations securely, and manages font size calculations. There are no signs of malicious data handling, code injection, or obfuscated logic. External requests are limited to legitimate badge images; no untrusted or malicious URLs are hardcoded. No data leaks or covert channels are evident. The code structure and logic are typical for a badge generation library, with no suspicious behaviors or malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate badge generation utility with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It functions as a well-structured library for creating SVG badges, fetching images from a reputable source when requested. No malicious activities, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}