{
  "purpose": "The code generates a flow chart from disassembly information, creating a visual graph representation of instructions and control flow in a function.",
  "sources": "Reads data from instruction objects (e.g., instruction.getAddress(), instruction.getOpCode(), instruction.isConditional(), instruction.isCall()), debug symbol lookups (debug.getSymbolAtAddress()), and external configuration (sys.argv, command line args).",
  "sinks": "Writes to output files (outFile.write()), which generate graph definitions; potentially executes system commands (sp.check_call) to open images in the system viewer.",
  "flows": "Instruction data flows from instruction objects to node creation and link generation; command line args influence program behavior; output files are written with graph data; system commands may open files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. No obfuscated code or misleading constructs apparent. Use of system call to open files is standard but should be noted as a potential external effect.",
  "analysis": "The script processes disassembly instructions and symbols to generate a graph of control flow. It uses standard Python libraries and external modules for connectivity and diagnostics. No embedded malicious code, network connections, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. File writing is confined to graph description outputs, and system calls are limited to opening the generated image. No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors identified. All modules used are either standard or documented third-party libraries, with no signs of malicious behavior. The code structure is typical for such a tool, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate disassembly visualization tool that creates a flowchart from function instructions. No malicious behavior or supply chain attacks are evident. The use of system commands to open files is normal but should be used cautiously. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}