{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to process and compose SQL queries with support for file inclusion and recursive composition, mainly for managing modular SQL files with include directives.",
  "sources": "File reading operations (open, read), regex matches for include directives, user-provided filename inputs, and path manipulations.",
  "sinks": "File opening for reading SQL content, regex substitution for include replacements, and the final return of composed SQL string.",
  "flows": "Sources such as filename inputs and file contents flow into composition functions, which recursively process include directives. Included files are read from disk and their contents are inserted into the main SQL string, with paths resolved and duplicates detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious hardcoded secrets. The include processing is recursive with duplicate detection and cycle prevention, which is normal. No obfuscated code or malicious control flow patterns are present. The code performs standard file inclusion and SQL composition with path handling.",
  "analysis": "The code reads SQL files and supports nested includes, avoiding circular dependencies through level and inclusion tracking. It processes include directives via regex and replaces them with file contents. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as network access, data exfiltration, or harmful system commands. Path manipulations are straightforward, and file operations are restricted to local filesystem access. No suspicious code injections, backdoors, or data leaks are detected. The use of standard library functions and clear exception handling reduces suspicion. Overall, the code appears to serve a legitimate purpose of SQL file composition, with appropriate safeguards against include cycles.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe utility for composing SQL scripts with include support. It manages file inclusion carefully to prevent cycles and duplicate includes. No malicious intent or suspicious behavior is detected. It operates solely on local files with no external communications or data exfiltration. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to standard file handling vulnerabilities, which are not specific to malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}