{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to load, parse, and compose SQL queries from files with support for include directives, facilitating modular SQL query construction.",
  "sources": "File reads (open(file), open(filename)), reading SQL content, reading included files via path.join and open, and reading include directives using regex matches.",
  "sinks": "File reads are primary data sinks, but no direct untrusted input is written or sent elsewhere. No external network connections, data exfiltration, or command executions are present.",
  "flows": "Input SQL files are read from disk; include directives are detected via regex; nested files are loaded via recursive calls; include directives replace placeholders in SQL; the composed SQL is returned.",
  "anomalies": "Use of recursive file inclusion with circular dependency detection; no evident hardcoded secrets or credentials; no obfuscation; the code reads files dynamically based on input paths, but this is consistent with its purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code loads SQL files, detects include directives with regex, and recursively processes included files. It maintains inclusion lists to prevent circular includes. It performs string replacements for include placeholders. There are no suspicious functions or data exfiltration mechanisms. File access is constrained to local filesystem paths. No network operations, reverse shells, or malicious payloads are present. The code structure and logic align with standard file processing routines, with safe handling of inclusion logic. No hardcoded secrets or dangerous code patterns detected. Overall, the code appears to be a SQL composition utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SQL file processor with include support, featuring standard file operations and recursive processing. There are no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It appears safe within its defined scope.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}