{
  "purpose": "A decorator function that wraps other functions to handle and re-raise exceptions with custom messages, primarily for network, API, and file operations.",
  "sources": "Input data from function arguments, network requests via 'requests', API calls via 'ApiException', and file operations (implied by exception types).",
  "sinks": "Raising custom exceptions with detailed messages; no evidence of data leaks or malicious data handling.",
  "flows": "Function execution -> exception occurs -> caught in decorator -> re-raised as custom exception with message.",
  "anomalies": "The final 'except Exception' block uses an undefined variable 'e' instead of the exception variable 'yuEqnRstPxwrhLOxjfThBNVIkdlFzPUx', which is a bug.",
  "analysis": "The code is an exception handling decorator with obfuscated class and function names. It captures specific exceptions related to network and file operations, then re-raises them as a custom exception with descriptive messages. The obfuscation suggests an intent to hide purpose but does not indicate malicious intent. The main issue is a coding bug in the last 'except' block, where the variable 'e' is used but not defined, which would cause a runtime error. No signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. The obfuscation is superficial and does not imply malicious behavior. The exception handling is broad but standard, with no hardcoded secrets or suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a benign exception handling utility with obfuscated identifiers. The only notable flaw is a bug in the exception variable in the last 'except' block. There is no evidence of malicious activity, backdoors, or supply chain compromise. The obfuscation appears to be an attempt to conceal purpose but does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code poses a low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}