{
  "purpose": "The code implements an event dispatcher class responsible for managing event handlers, matching events against rules, and invoking appropriate handlers asynchronously.",
  "sources": "Event data is read from the event parameter passed to the dispatch method; handler functions are called with parameters inferred from matching rules.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow into handler functions via parameters matched from event data, but only within the controlled flow of event dispatching. No external sinks like network or file write are present.",
  "flows": "Event data is matched against rules to generate match results; these results, along with the event object, are injected into handler parameters during invocation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. Use of logging is standard; no eval, exec, or dynamic code execution observed. Type checks and exception handling are present. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an EventDispatcher class with methods to add, remove, match, and dispatch events. Matching supports multiple rule types: class, tuple with class and subtype, string prefix, regex, and callable functions. During dispatch, handlers are selected based on priority, and matching results are injected into handler parameters. The flow is straightforward, with no signs of malicious behavior. Logging is used extensively for debugging and info messages. There are no indications of external network activity, data exfiltration, or execution of untrusted code beyond controlled event handling. The code adheres to standard practices, with proper error handling and type checking.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard event dispatcher implementation with no malicious intent. It carefully manages event-handler relationships and parameter injection. No malicious or suspicious behavior, backdoors, or malware indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}