{
  "purpose": "This code defines an EventDispatcher class responsible for managing and dispatching events to matching handlers based on various rules, supporting asynchronous handling and parameter injection.",
  "sources": "Event inputs received by the dispatch method, pattern matching in match method, custom rule functions, and event attribute access (e.g., event.raw_message).",
  "sinks": "Calling handler functions with injected parameters, logging outputs, and potential execution of arbitrary callable rules.",
  "flows": "Event is received -> match method evaluates rules -> if matched, parameters are prepared -> handler is invoked with parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes dynamic rule evaluation via callable rules, which could potentially be malicious if malicious functions are registered as rules. No obvious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. No network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical event dispatching system with rule-based matching, parameter injection, and handler execution. The match method supports multiple rule types including type checks, string prefixes, regex, and custom functions, with error handling and logging. The dispatch method correctly manages asynchronous handler invocation and parameter injection, with safeguards for missing parameters. No suspicious or malicious behavior, backdoors, or data leaks are evident. The use of callable rules warrants caution, but this is a standard pattern for flexible rule matching. Overall, the code appears secure and intended for event management within a larger framework.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard event dispatcher implementation with flexible rule matching and parameter injection. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are identified. The use of callable rules could potentially be exploited if malicious functions are registered, but the code itself does not contain any malicious logic. It appears safe and purposeful.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}