{
  "purpose": "Define a custom embeddings class integrating with OpenAI and external API (together.xyz), managing API keys, clients, and embedding operations for text.",
  "sources": "Reads API keys from environment variables or secrets, receives text input for embedding, retrieves configuration and credentials from environment and class attributes.",
  "sinks": "Calls external APIs via openai's OpenAI and AsyncOpenAI clients to create embeddings, potentially transmitting input data to external servers.",
  "flows": "Text inputs (sources) are passed to API client create methods (sinks), with data flowing through class methods that invoke external API calls for embedding generation.",
  "anomalies": "Use of environment secrets and API keys loaded dynamically, no hardcoded secrets. Unusual naming conventions (random strings and variable names). The code involves dynamic client creation, which can be suspicious if misused, but is standard here. No obfuscated code detected; the structure is typical.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Pydantic model that manages API credentials, configurations, and embedding generation methods. It loads API keys and configuration from environment variables or secrets, which is standard practice for secure credential management. The class dynamically creates clients for OpenAI and an external API (together.xyz), with methods to generate text embeddings synchronously and asynchronously. There are no signs of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity. The data flow involves sending text to external APIs for embedding; while this involves data transmission, it is consistent with legitimate usage of an embedding service. The code does not contain obfuscated parts, malicious code snippets, or suspicious behavior such as reverse shells or unauthorized data access. Use of environment variables and secrets aligns with secure coding practices, not malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to implement standard API interaction for embedding generation without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for managing API credentials and generating text embeddings via external APIs. No malicious intent or harmful behavior detected. The code responsibly manages secrets, dynamically creates clients, and performs legitimate API calls without signs of malware or supply chain attacks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}