{
  "purpose": "Define a custom embeddings class leveraging OpenAI and external API, managing API keys, clients, and embedding methods.",
  "sources": "Reads API keys from environment variables and secrets, and receives input texts for embedding.",
  "sinks": "Calls external API via openai and custom client; potential data leakage if inputs contain sensitive data.",
  "flows": "Input texts are sent to external API clients for embedding; API keys and configurations flow into client initialization.",
  "anomalies": "Use of secret_from_env for API key; dynamic creation of API clients within model validation; extensive use of warnings and exception raises for input validation; possible misconfiguration of client creation. No evidence of obfuscation or hidden code, but dynamic client setup and extensive validation are noteworthy.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a model extending BaseModel and Embeddings, configuring API keys and client parameters via environment variables and secrets. The model_validator method prepares API clients for OpenAI and a custom API, with dynamic instantiation. The class includes methods for generating embeddings from text input, calling external APIs via both synchronous and asynchronous clients, and managing internal state accordingly. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or malicious behavior. It primarily manages API configuration and data flow. No signs of data exfiltration, reverse shells, or code injection are evident. The extensive validation and warnings aim to prevent misconfiguration. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate API client wrapper with proper input handling, but the dynamic client creation and environment variable usage require cautious deployment. No malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a secure wrapper for external embedding APIs, managing API keys and client setup with validation. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. Its complexity and dynamic configuration warrant careful environment management but do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}