{
  "purpose": "Define a custom embeddings class for interacting with a language model API, including synchronous and asynchronous methods for generating embeddings from text inputs.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data from environment variables, class attributes, and method inputs; accesses API keys and URLs; retrieves text data for embedding.",
  "sinks": "API calls to openai and custom client creation; potentially sending data over the network; accessing secret environment variables; returning embeddings.",
  "flows": "Environment variables -> API configuration -> API calls (create methods) -> Embeddings data flow from API responses to return values.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic attribute setting for API clients; the code dynamically creates clients with potentially sensitive credentials. No explicit hardcoded secrets found, but environment secrets are retrieved. Unusual variable naming with obfuscated-like names. No evidence of code injection, backdoors, or data exfiltration behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a class for managing embeddings using an external API with options for synchronous and asynchronous calls. It retrieves API keys and base URLs from environment variables, which is standard for secure configuration. The code creates API clients on demand, avoiding storing sensitive information directly. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious network activity are evident. The variable names are obfuscated but consistent, not indicating malicious intent. No functions perform destructive or covert operations. The code appears to be a typical, albeit complex, API wrapper for embeddings, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate API wrapper class for generating embeddings, securely managing configuration via environment variables, and providing both sync and async methods. No malicious intent, malware, or security risks are detected. The structure and behavior are consistent with standard practices for such client classes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}