{
  "purpose": "This code provides various formatting functions for displaying structured information related to registry, usage, policies, credentials, webhooks, replication, tasks, builds, runs, and Helm charts. It acts as a utility for organizing data into human-readable formats.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input dictionaries passed to formatting functions, notably within functions like _get_value and the various *_format_group functions. It also reads configuration and metadata from the input data structures.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs formatted lists or OrderedDicts, which are used elsewhere in the application for display purposes. There are no direct sinks that handle untrusted data in a manner leading to data leaks or system effects within this code alone.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input dictionaries passed to format functions, through _get_value to extract nested data, then through *_format_group functions to produce formatted OrderedDicts, and finally returned as lists of formatted items. No external or unsafe data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic imports within functions (_format_datetime, _get_duration), which is generally acceptable but could be considered unusual in some contexts. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The date parsing functions include exception handling, which is standard. No obfuscated code, suspicious network activity, or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of data formatting utilities primarily converting nested dictionaries into human-readable ordered dictionaries for display. It employs safe data access patterns, such as try-except blocks and default values, with no evident malicious or maliciously intended behaviors. The use of dynamic imports for date parsing is standard practice. No input/output vectors suggest potential security vulnerabilities, and no external network interactions or file operations are present. Overall, the code is straightforward, well-structured, and lacks malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility module designed for formatting and displaying structured data. There are no signs of malicious behavior, security risks, or supply chain attacks within this module. It functions solely as a data presentation helper, with safe coding practices observed.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}