{
  "purpose": "The code provides various formatting functions for outputting structured data related to registry, usage, policies, credentials, webhooks, replication, tasks, build, run, and helm objects, primarily for logging or display purposes within a larger system.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, typically dictionaries or lists representing various objects and their attributes.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly write untrusted data to external systems or perform sensitive operations; it mainly formats and returns data. No apparent sinks handling untrusted data lead to external effects or leaks.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters into formatting functions, processed through nested dictionary access (_get_value), then formatted and returned as dictionaries or strings. There are no network, file, or environment operations that process untrusted input directly.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard formatting code with no obfuscated logic, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious code patterns. Usage of external libraries like dateutil is appropriate. No backdoors, malicious code, or unusual behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of formatting functions that extract nested data from dictionaries and lists, convert date strings into standardized formats, and assemble ordered dictionaries for display purposes. The _get_value helper safely retrieves nested data, and date parsing is handled with exception handling. There are no network operations, no credential handling beyond formatting, and no code that writes or transmits data outside the function scope. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indicators are present. The code's purpose is purely data presentation, with no security risks evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code is benign, primarily responsible for formatting output data for display or logging. It does not contain any malicious logic, security vulnerabilities, or suspicious behaviors. It appears to be a well-structured, standard formatting module with no indicators of malicious intent or supply chain risk.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}