{
  "purpose": "The code provides various formatting functions for outputting structured information related to registry, usage, policies, credentials, webhooks, replication, tasks, builds, runs, and Helm charts.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from dictionaries passed as arguments to formatting functions, using nested key access via _get_value. It also reads from imported modules, such as 'logger' and 'dateutil.parser'.",
  "sinks": "There are no obvious sinks where untrusted data directly leads to security vulnerabilities such as data leaks, command execution, or network connections. The code mainly formats and returns data structures.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input dictionaries into various formatting functions which extract and process nested values, and then generate ordered dictionaries for output. No untrusted input is executed or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes date parsing with 'dateutil.parser.parse' and formatting functions, but there is no use of dynamic code execution, eval, or insecure input handling. All functions are straightforward data formatting.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of formatting utilities for outputting structured data, with functions designed to handle nested dictionaries and produce ordered dicts. No input validation vulnerabilities, command injections, or malicious code patterns are present. It relies on external libraries for date parsing but does not execute any untrusted code. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code does not contain obfuscated or malicious logic; it performs safe data extraction and formatting.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data formatting module with no signs of malicious intent or security vulnerabilities. It does not process untrusted data in a risky way, nor does it contain suspicious patterns or malicious behavior. Overall, it appears safe and intended for structured data presentation.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}