{
  "purpose": "The code defines a SQLite database in memory, creates a table, inserts a series of numeric values, defines a custom aggregate function for standard deviation, computes statistical measures (mean and stddev), and queries for outliers based on z-score thresholds.",
  "sources": "Data sources include the hardcoded list 'values' and the database table 'Reg' where data is stored and retrieved. Data is read from the list during insertion and from the database during statistical calculation and querying.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak could occur if data from the database or input list is exposed externally. No direct data leakage or malicious output generation is evident. No untrusted external input is used; data sources are static.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'values' list into the database table 'Reg', then from 'Reg' to compute average and stddev via the CTE, and finally from 'Reg' and the CTE into the query filtering outliers based on z-score calculations.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses a custom aggregate function 'stddev' for standard deviation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The logic is consistent with statistical analysis. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns detected. No external network activity or system commands are present.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes an in-memory database, creates a table, and populates it with predefined numeric data. It defines a custom aggregate for calculating standard deviation, which is then used in CTE to compute mean and stddev of the data. Subsequently, it calculates z-scores to identify outliers beyond 2 standard deviations. The operations are standard statistical procedures with no signs of malicious behavior. No external inputs, no network calls, no file access, no credential handling, and no code injection points are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard statistical analysis within an in-memory database using custom aggregate functions. There are no signs of malicious intent, data leakage, or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate statistical processing script with no security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}