{
  "purpose": "The code defines an in-memory SQLite database using Peewee ORM, creates a table to store key-value pairs, and calculates the mean and standard deviation of the values. It then identifies data points with z-scores exceeding a threshold, likely for outlier detection or analysis.",
  "sources": "Data is read from a predefined list 'values' which is inserted into the database. The database query reads 'value' fields and computes aggregate statistics using custom SQL functions and CTEs.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs matching rows based on z-score thresholds; no external data sinks or network connections are present. No data leakage or external communication occurs.",
  "flows": "Values from the list are inserted into the database (source). The database performs calculations with custom aggregate functions and CTEs, and results are retrieved and printed (sink).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or obfuscated code. The custom aggregate function 'StdDev' is defined correctly; no malicious code appears. The code solely performs statistical analysis on in-memory data.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes an in-memory database and creates a table 'Reg' with key-value pairs. It defines a custom aggregate 'stddev' for calculating standard deviation, which is correctly implemented. Data from a predefined list is inserted into the table. A CTE computes the mean and stddev of the series. The main query calculates z-scores for each data point and filters for outliers beyond ±2 stddev. The process is straightforward and legitimate for statistical analysis. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, data exfiltration, or external network activity are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard statistical analysis script utilizing in-memory SQLite database and custom aggregate functions. It performs outlier detection without any suspicious or malicious behavior. There are no indicators of malware or security risks in this code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}