{
  "purpose": "The code provides methods for encoding and decoding strings through character replacement, potentially for obfuscation or simple encryption.",
  "sources": "Input data can come from any external source that calls the encrypt or decrypt methods; however, no explicit input reading or external data sources are present in this code snippet.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the return of transformed strings. There are no other apparent sinks like network transmission, file writing, or external system interaction within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input strings through the encrypt or decrypt functions, where characters are replaced based on predefined mappings, resulting in obfuscated or de-obfuscated strings.",
  "anomalies": "The code is solely performing character replacements for encoding and decoding; there are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious operations. The code does not perform network requests or system modifications. The inclusion of the requests library is not used within this code snippet, which might be unnecessary. The character replacements are extensive but straightforward; no obfuscation techniques beyond simple substitution are used.",
  "analysis": "The class TokenCryptor offers basic string obfuscation via character replacement. The methods are symmetric, allowing encoding and decoding with reverse mappings. There are no external data sources, network interactions, or system modifications present. The only noteworthy point is the unused import of requests, which suggests either incomplete code or unnecessary inclusion. No malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware is evident. The code is simple and appears to serve an obfuscation purpose rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code does not contain malware or malicious behavior. It appears to be a straightforward implementation of character substitution for encoding and decoding strings, possibly for privacy or obfuscation. No security risks or malicious activities are detected within this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}