{
  "purpose": "The code is a comprehensive OFX parser designed to extract account information, transactions, balances, securities, and related data from OFX files. It handles various encodings, date formats, and XML/HTML parsing to facilitate financial data processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from file-like objects, streams, and strings, primarily through file handles, regex operations, and XML/HTML parsing functions.",
  "sinks": "The data is processed internally into Python objects; there are no external network transmissions, database writes, or other data sinks that could lead to data leaks or malicious effects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file streams into header parsing, encoding handling, and XML/HTML parsing functions, then into structured data objects such as Account, Transaction, Statement, etc., with no external communication or code execution involved.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or obfuscated code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or malicious behaviors are present. The code employs standard libraries and practices for parsing and error handling. The only potential concern is resource exhaustion if fed maliciously crafted input, but this is typical for parsers and not indicative of malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The parser reads headers and content from file-like objects, decodes data based on specified encoding, and extracts structured financial information. It employs safe exception handling, standard libraries, and clear data flow. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. The code's purpose is solely data extraction, with no external network activity or code injection. The scores across all reports are consistent and justified: malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2, reflecting typical parser risks without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, standard OFX parser with no malicious or obfuscated components. It handles untrusted input cautiously but does not exhibit any malicious behavior. The overall security risk is low, primarily associated with resource exhaustion potential, which is inherent to parsers but not malicious. The scores assigned are appropriate and consistent with the code's characteristics.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}