{
  "purpose": "Implementation of a meta-classification algorithm for majority voting in ensemble learning, specifically the EnsembleVoteClassifier for scikit-learn estimators.",
  "sources": "Imports external libraries, including numpy and scikit-learn modules, and uses internal functions like _name_estimators to obtain classifier names. Reads classifier objects, data inputs for fit and predict methods, and class labels for encoding.",
  "sinks": "Predicts class labels and probabilities; no direct data leaks or malicious data sinks identified.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input features to classifiers during fit and predict; classifier outputs are aggregated via voting or averaging; label encoding flow from y to internal label encoder and back for predictions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. Usage of clone for classifiers and standard scikit-learn patterns. No obfuscated code, misleading variable names, or dynamic code execution present. No unusual or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a scikit-learn compatible ensemble classifier employing majority voting (hard or soft). It initializes with classifiers and parameters, clones classifiers if specified, fits classifiers to data, predicts labels, and calculates probabilities. It handles class encoding and supports parameter retrieval for grid searches. The structure and methods follow standard practices. No signs of malicious code such as network communication, data theft, or backdoors. The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured ensemble classifier implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of an ensemble voting classifier without any malicious or suspicious behavior. No malware, security risks, or obfuscated code detected. It performs ensemble classification as intended, with no indications of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}