{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class for preprocessing and cleaning text data for NLP tasks, including functions for contractions, emojis, stopwords, normalization, and more.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are text parameters passed to methods such as clean_text, advanced_clean, and apply_to_dataframe.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive operations include text modification functions, but there are no direct data leaks, external network communications, or credential accesses.",
  "flows": "Text flows from input parameters through cleaning and normalization functions, with no indication of untrusted data being sent or stored elsewhere.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, obfuscated code, or suspicious constructs are present. The code relies solely on standard libraries and a known third-party library (emoji). The contraction dictionaries are explicit and straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The script imports standard and third-party libraries for NLP and text processing, including re, string, nltk, emoji, and autocorrect. It downloads NLTK stopwords at runtime, which is typical for NLP preprocessing. The class TextPreprocessor provides various methods for text cleaning, including removing numbers, punctuation, stopwords, emojis, expanding contractions, URL removal, and more. There is an extensive multi-language contractions dictionary, which is used in expand_contractions. The code performs standard NLP preprocessing steps, with no network operations, credential handling, or data exfiltration mechanisms. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or hidden functionality are detected. All functions appear to serve legitimate text processing purposes, with no suspicious code flows, obfuscated elements, or secret keys.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward text preprocessing utility designed for NLP tasks, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It employs standard libraries and explicit data structures without hidden or suspicious functionality. The overall security risk is minimal, and the code appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}