{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to preprocess and clean text data for NLP tasks, including handling contractions, emojis, special characters, multilingual stopwords, and spelling correction.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as the 'text' argument in various methods and from pandas DataFrame columns.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the spell correction method (which processes text), and the application of methods to DataFrame columns, but no direct data exfiltration, network activity, or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (text, DataFrame columns) through cleaning, normalization, contraction expansion, and stopword removal functions, returning processed text or modified DataFrames.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard and well-structured. It contains extensive language-specific contraction dictionaries, but no suspicious code such as dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors. No hardcoded credentials, network operations, or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step analysis shows that the script imports common NLP libraries and performs text cleaning, contraction expansion, emoji removal, URL removal, small word elimination, repeated character reduction, number-to-word normalization, and spell correction. It also supports multi-language stopword filtering and provides a method to process DataFrame columns. The code only manipulates text data locally, with no network or system access, and all methods are benign. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware are detected. The contraction dictionaries are extensive but typical for NLP preprocessing. The code uses standard library functions and methods. No obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious payloads are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign NLP preprocessing utility with no malicious intent or security risks. It performs text cleaning and normalization functions securely and transparently. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}