{
  "purpose": "Provides functions for modular arithmetic, number theory, and primitive roots, including calculations of totatives, Euler's totient, Carmichael lambda, cyclic group checks, and primitive root searches.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters (integers) for number-theoretic functions, utilizes external helper functions for verification and factorization.",
  "sinks": "Uses untrusted input to compute mathematical functions; no direct data leakage or system effects observed.",
  "flows": "Input integers are verified, then passed through mathematical computations and checks; primitive root functions generate candidates and validate via modular exponentiation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications. Uses standard random functions and external helper functions for verification and factorization. The random search for primitive roots could potentially be exploited if input parameters are malicious, but this is a standard approach in mathematical libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code implements well-known number theory functions related to modular arithmetic, cyclic groups, and primitive roots. It includes verification of inputs, uses external helpers for factorization and validation, and contains functions for deterministic and probabilistic search of primitive roots. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are evident. The code is structured for legitimate mathematical computations without hidden or harmful operations. The only consideration is the use of randomness in _primitive_root_random_search, which is standard but could be exploited if input n is maliciously crafted to cause long searches, but this does not constitute malicious intent. No data leaks, network activity, or harmful system modifications are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, mathematically oriented module for number theory and primitive root calculations. No malicious behaviors, sabotage, or malicious data handling are detected. It follows expected logic for such functions without hidden or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}