{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for number theory operations related to modular arithmetic, including totatives, Euler's totient, Carmichael lambda, cyclicity checks, primitive root calculations, and primitive root testing.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function arguments (e.g., integers like n, g, start, stop, method) and from imported functions (e.g., verify_isinstance, factors). No external untrusted sources are accessed within the code.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially influence the inputs to functions like random.randint or the parameters passed to pow(), but these are controlled within the functions. No external data sinks (such as network, file, or environment variable access) are present.",
  "flows": "Input arguments flow into various functions which perform calculations and checks. The use of random.randint in _primitive_root_random_search introduces an element of untrusted randomness, but it is used locally within a controlled context. The code for generating primitive roots and testing them involves standard mathematical procedures without external data influence.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. There are no suspicious or unusual code constructs, backdoors, or malicious behavior patterns. The use of random in _primitive_root_random_search is expected for probabilistic search and is not suspicious. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The code adheres to expected mathematical implementations and logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of number theory algorithms related to modular arithmetic, primitive roots, and cyclic groups. It includes functions for checking cyclicity, generating primitive roots, and testing for primitive roots, all of which are standard and mathematically sound. The random element in _primitive_root_random_search is used solely for probabilistic search, not for malicious purposes. No external network or data leakage mechanisms are implemented or embedded. The code does not handle or store secrets or credentials, nor does it include any code injection or data exfiltration logic.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard, mathematically sound implementation of number theory functions for modular arithmetic, primitive roots, and cyclic groups. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The use of randomness is controlled and appropriate for the purpose of probabilistic searches. Overall, the code is safe from supply chain malware or malicious sabotage based on the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}