{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to romanize Korean Hangul characters into Latin script by mapping vowels and consonants to their Romanized equivalents and processing Hangul syllables using the Syllable class.",
  "sources": "The code reads input text through the self.text attribute, which is passed during class initialization, and the 'pronounced' string obtained from Pronouncer(self.text).",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any explicit sinks such as network operations, file writes, or system commands. It performs string transformations only.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from self.text to Pronouncer to obtain pronounced, then to the romanize() method where each character is processed. Hangul characters are converted to romanized form, while non-Hangul characters are passed through unchanged.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or unusual logic. The Pronouncer class is external; assuming it behaves normally. The code processes input and maps characters without executing any external commands or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard implementation of Hangul romanization, utilizing predefined mappings for vowels, onset, and coda consonants. It handles Hangul syllables via the Syllable class, decomposing them into initial, medial, and final components for proper romanization. No external network or system operations are present. The code does not perform any malicious actions such as data exfiltration or system modification. All logic appears to be for linguistic processing. There are no obfuscated elements, and no dynamic code execution or suspicious data handling is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward romanization tool for Korean text. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks. The logic is transparent and purpose-specific. Based on the provided code, there is no indication of malware or security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}