{
  "purpose": "This module loads plans, schemas, and policies from files, providing validation and default behaviors for a plan linter system.",
  "sources": "File operations such as open() for reading JSON and YAML files, reading paths provided as function arguments, and default schema file path construction.",
  "sinks": "json.load() and yaml.safe_load() functions that deserialize file contents into Python objects, which could potentially execute code if malicious data is crafted to exploit deserialization routines, though json.load() and yaml.safe_load() are generally safe if used with trusted input. No network or system modification functions are used.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file input into json.load() or yaml.safe_load(), then through validation or transformation steps, and finally into model validation methods. No untrusted data is written back to external systems or executed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. No obfuscation or unusual language features are detected. The code performs standard file reading, validation, and data processing tasks.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily reads files containing JSON and YAML data, which are standard formats. The use of json.load() and yaml.safe_load() are safe in this context, provided the files are from trusted sources. The code validates data against schemas and constructs models, which are common practices. No network calls, code execution, or dynamic code evaluation occur. Error handling is in place to catch and report issues during file reading and data processing. Overall, the code appears to perform its intended functions securely without introducing malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data loader with validation routines for plan and policy files. It does not contain malicious code or backdoors. There are no signs of supply chain attacks or malicious behavior. The only minor concern would be reliance on external files, which should be trusted; otherwise, the routines are safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}