{
  "purpose": "This code provides compatibility functions for different Python versions, including imports, type checks, and execution helpers, primarily to support code portability across Python 2 and 3.",
  "sources": "Input sources are the imported modules (sys, __builtin__, builtins), and the source code files read via 'execfile'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include 'exec', 'execfile', and dynamic code execution functions such as 'exec_' and 'exec2', which execute code read from files or constructed dynamically.",
  "flows": "Input from 'execfile' or code objects is compiled and executed via 'exec_' or 'exec2', leading to dynamic code execution sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs multiple runtime compatibility hacks and dynamic code execution. The use of 'exec', 'execfile', and dynamic source compilation pose potential risks if manipulated or misused, but in this context appear to be intended for compatibility.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily offers compatibility between Python 2 and 3 environments. It includes functions for decoding bytes, text, and executing code dynamically. The 'execfile', 'exec_', and related functions execute code from files or code objects. The '_tryimport' function attempts to import modules safely, raising exceptions if all attempts fail. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The dynamic execution functions are standard compatibility practices and do not perform malicious actions by themselves. The code does not send data over the network, access system files maliciously, or contain obfuscated elements. Its purpose appears to be facilitating code portability across Python versions.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard compatibility utility script designed to support Python 2 and 3. It uses dynamic code execution functions common in such scripts but does not exhibit malicious behavior or supply chain attack vectors. The code appears benign and intended solely for compatibility purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}