{
  "purpose": "This code defines a CloudFormation resource for AWS LookoutVision projects as part of the AWS CDK library, enabling infrastructure as code management for this service.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from the constructor parameters such as 'project_name', and uses metadata from the package version. No external or untrusted sources are explicitly read at runtime.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data to external systems, nor does it include network communication or data exfiltration logic. No sinks are present that handle untrusted data beyond local attribute setting.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor input ('project_name') into the resource properties, and from the resource attributes (like 'attr_arn') to outputs. There are no suspicious or untrusted data flows crossing security boundaries.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or unusual code patterns are evident. The code appears to be standard CDK construct definitions, with typical type checking and resource instantiation logic. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a CDK resource class and its associated properties for AWS LookoutVision projects. It uses standard patterns for resource modeling, including type checking and property validation. The initial imports and type guard logic are consistent with a typical library. No network calls, file I/O, or external data handling are present. The code does not perform any obfuscated operations or execute dynamic code. It appears to be a straightforward resource definition with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, benign CDK construct library module for managing AWS LookoutVision projects. There are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. It simply defines resource types and properties without any suspicious logic.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}