{
  "purpose": "This code defines a class CNTS for computing trust scores, density estimates, and visualizations related to model predictions, particularly in a machine learning context involving classification and softmax probabilities.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'oracle' (true labels) and 'predictions' (model outputs). It also reads configuration parameters such as 'alpha', 'beta', and 'trust_spectrum'. Data is used internally in methods for trust score calculations and density estimations.",
  "sinks": "The code performs plotting and saves images to files; it does not write or transmit data over networks or handle untrusted external inputs beyond the initial inputs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'oracle' and 'predictions' into trust computation functions, then into density estimation and visualization functions. No external sinks (like network or file system operations) accept untrusted data; the only file operation writes trust spectrum images locally.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors. The code uses standard libraries for data analysis and plotting, with no obscure language features or obfuscation. It only performs expected ML model evaluation tasks.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs validation of input types and shapes, computes trust scores based on model predictions and true labels, and generates density plots for trust scores using KernelDensity estimation. It includes visualization functions that save images to local files. There is no evidence of malicious activity, data leakage, or unauthorized network operations. The code seems to serve as an evaluation tool for model trustworthiness, with no obfuscated or malicious patterns. All operations are standard for model analysis and visualization.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for computing and visualizing trust scores and densities in ML models. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. No suspicious or malicious intent is apparent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}