{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class for computing trust scores and densities for model predictions, including plotting visualizations. It appears to be designed for analyzing model confidence and trustworthiness in classification tasks.",
  "sources": "Data sources include 'oracle' (true labels) and 'predictions' (model softmax outputs), read during initialization and in various computation methods.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present that process untrusted data or output data to untrusted locations; plots are saved to fixed paths and no network activity or external data exfiltration is evident.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from initialization to trust score calculations, density estimations, and optional plotting functions. No external or untrusted data streams are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior is observed. The code performs standard statistical computations, assertions, and plotting. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are present. Use of assertions for input validation is standard. No malicious code, backdoors, or privacy violations detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical data validation and statistical modeling for trust analysis in machine learning outputs. It uses numpy for data handling, sklearn's KernelDensity for density estimation, and matplotlib for plotting. No external network calls, no eval or exec, and no dynamic code execution are present. All input validations are for ensuring data correctness. The plotting functions save files locally without obfuscated or suspicious filenames. Overall, the code appears legitimate and intended for trust assessment purposes without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of trust score computation and visualization for classification model outputs. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are detected. The code is well-structured for its purpose and contains no signs of obfuscation or malware.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}