{
  "purpose": "A highly configurable Python SEO crawler built with Scrapy, designed to extract a wide range of on-page SEO elements, links, images, and metadata from websites. It supports custom selectors, link following, and external script execution for headers.",
  "sources": "Input URLs, request URLs, response data (HTML content), external scripts loaded via runpy.run_path(), parameters like css_selectors, xpath_selectors, meta, and command-line arguments for subprocess execution.",
  "sinks": "Extracted data stored in JSON lines files, request URLs used for crawling, potential data leakage if sensitive info is present, subprocess commands executing external scripts, and dynamic code execution via eval().",
  "flows": "Input URLs → HTTP requests → response parsing → data extraction (HTML elements, links, metadata) → optional recursive crawling of links → data output to file. External scripts loaded via runpy and parameters evaluated with eval() influence execution flow.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval() on user-controlled parameters (css_selectors, xpath_selectors, meta, exclude/include URL params), execution of external scripts via runpy.run_path() on user-supplied paths, and construction of subprocess commands with unvalidated inputs, creating high security risks.",
  "analysis": "The code performs extensive dynamic execution: eval() is used on parameters that can be supplied by users or external sources, which can execute arbitrary code. External scripts are loaded via runpy.run_path() based on user inputs, risking malicious code execution. Subprocess commands are built with these unvalidated inputs, leading to potential command injection. These practices are unsafe and can be exploited if malicious inputs are provided. The overall design is functional but insecure without proper validation and sanitization.",
  "conclusion": "The code is not inherently malicious but contains critical security vulnerabilities due to unsafe dynamic code execution practices. The use of eval() and runpy.run_path() on untrusted inputs, combined with unvalidated subprocess command construction, pose a high risk of arbitrary code execution and potential exploitation. The high malware score (around 0.8) and security risk (around 0.9) are justified. Obfuscation is not present. To mitigate these risks, input validation, sanitization, and avoiding eval() and unsafe external script execution are essential.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.8,
  "securityRisk": 0.9,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}