{
  "purpose": "The code provides a function to plot kernel density estimates (KDE) for point data, supporting different KDE engines and customizable plot parameters.",
  "sources": "Data is sourced from the input parameter 'data', which can be a numpy array or geopandas object. External libraries are imported dynamically within functions.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain sinks that send data to external systems, nor does it execute untrusted code or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input 'data' into KDE computations (either statsmodels or KDEpy). The resulting density grid 'z' is used for plotting with matplotlib, which visualizes the density estimate.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs dynamic imports based on parameters, which is normal but could be used maliciously if malicious modules are substituted. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious file operations are present. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are detected. The code handles standard plotting and KDE computation with no unusual behavior.",
  "analysis": "The function primarily calculates and plots kernel density estimates, using standard libraries (statsmodels, KDEpy, matplotlib). The dynamic imports are conditional and include error handling, typical for optional dependencies. No code indicates malicious intent such as data exfiltration, network connections, or system harm. The code is well-structured for its purpose, with no signs of sabotage or malware. The dynamic import mechanism could be misused if malicious modules are supplied, but as provided, it appears standard. Overall, the code performs legitimate KDE plotting functions without suspicious operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of KDE plotting with multiple backend options. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The dynamic import statements are typical for optional dependencies and do not indicate malicious intent. The security risk is minimal, and no malicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}