{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for parsing S3 output locations, converting string representations to booleans, and retrying API calls with exponential backoff, primarily to support AWS-related operations and error handling.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as 'output_location', 'val', and callable functions passed to 'retry_api_call'. Environment variables or external data are not directly read.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially reach the retry mechanism if exception objects contain malicious or manipulated response codes, but the code primarily logs and retries based on known exception types. No data leaks or sensitive information exposure is directly evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., 'output_location', 'val') flow into functions, with 'output_location' being parsed, 'val' converted to a boolean, and exceptions evaluated in 'retry_api_call' for retry logic. Data flows from inputs to processing and retry decision points.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard libraries and common patterns. There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs. The retry exception list is limited to specific AWS error codes, which is typical for AWS SDK interactions.",
  "analysis": "The code includes functions for parsing S3 URIs with regex, converting string values to booleans, and implementing a retry mechanism with exponential backoff using 'tenacity'. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected. The code does not perform any file operations, network connections, or data exfiltration. The exception handling relies on specific AWS error codes, which is standard. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate, focusing on error handling, data parsing, and utility functions for AWS interactions. No malicious intent or security risks are evident. It performs standard operations relevant to cloud SDK integrations with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}