{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Streamlit-based web interface for managing dbt models, executing SQL queries, profiling data, and displaying RSS feeds. It facilitates model selection, query editing, profiling, and RSS feed visualization within a unified dashboard.",
  "sources": "Reads model files from disk, user inputs via Streamlit widgets, command-line arguments for project and profile directories, external RSS feeds, and database query results via execute_sql_code.",
  "sinks": "Writes modified models back to disk, outputs SQL query results to DataFrame, renders HTML for profiling reports and RSS feeds, and displays data in the web interface.",
  "flows": "User selects or edits models and queries (source), which are then compiled and executed (sink). Query results are processed into DataFrames and profiling reports, which are then rendered as HTML (sink). RSS feeds are fetched and displayed (source to display).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or backdoors detected. Use of string formatting for SQL queries could pose injection risks if inputs are untrusted, but current code controls inputs. External RSS feed content could contain malicious HTML, but this is external data. File operations are standard but should be secured in production environments.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of a web-based dbt management dashboard with profiling and RSS integration. It uses controlled inputs, standard libraries, and external data sources without evidence of malicious activity. No obfuscation patterns or malicious payloads are present. Potential security concerns are limited to SQL injection and file handling, which are not actively exploited here. The overall structure and data flows are transparent and well-understood.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured dashboard application for dbt projects. No malware, obfuscation, or malicious behavior is detected. The scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, and a low security risk (~0.2) are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}