{
  "purpose": "The code implements a web-based SQL query interface for dbt projects, including profile management, query execution, report generation, and RSS feed display.",
  "sources": "User inputs from Streamlit interface (selectbox, text_area, buttons), command-line arguments, file reads (model files), environment variables (possibly via os), and external data from RSS feeds.",
  "sinks": "Execution of SQL commands via execute_sql_code, file writes (saving models), network requests (RSS feeds), and printing logs.",
  "flows": "User input from Streamlit UI -> SQL template formatting -> compile_sql_code and execute_sql_code functions -> output data stored in app state and displayed in UI.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval-like string formatting with user-supplied 'sql' in run_query(), possible file reads/writes based on model selection, and dynamic execution of external SQL code; no explicit unsafe code injection, but the use of format string with potentially untrusted 'sql' could pose risks if not properly sanitized. RSS feed fetching appears benign, but dynamic HTML injection in feed HTML can be risky if entries contain malicious content.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a Streamlit app for querying and profiling dbt projects, with features for loading models, saving models, and running SQL queries. It also fetches and displays RSS feeds. No evidence of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network behavior. SQL execution is based on user-provided templates, which could potentially be exploited if the inputs are malicious, but the execution context is within a controlled environment. File reads/writes are limited to project files, and no dangerous system commands are executed. RSS feed parsing is standard; HTML rendering may pose XSS risks if feed entries contain malicious scripts, but this is external data, not code injection. The dynamic use of 'format' with 'sql' is a common pattern but could be risky if 'sql' is untrusted, though this appears to be an intended feature for a SQL builder tool. No obfuscated or suspicious code structures are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, purpose-specific web interface for dbt project interaction with no direct malicious behavior. It does handle user input and external data, but these are typical for such an application. There is a minimal risk associated with rendering external HTML content and formatting user-provided SQL templates, but no signs of intentional malware or security sabotage are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}