{
  "purpose": "The code defines a decorator `GPU` that marks functions to be executed on a GPU-enabled environment, with optional configuration for duration. It manages caching of decorated functions and includes compatibility and configuration checks.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, configuration classes (`Config`), and imported modules. It also reads system version info (`sys.version_info`).",
  "sinks": "The code updates a cache with decorated functions, calls external modules (`client.startup_report()`, wrapper functions), and potentially raises exceptions based on environment checks.",
  "flows": "Function decoration input flows through the `GPU` decorator, which either returns a partial or decorated function. Decorated functions may involve external calls (`client.startup_report()`), which could execute the wrapped code. No direct data leaks or untrusted input handling is evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code includes a runtime check for Python version, which is normal. Usage of warnings for deprecated parameters is benign. The cache management appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical decorator implementation managing GPU compatibility and caching. It performs environment checks and raises exceptions if conditions are not met. No signs of malicious behavior, such as code injection, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors, are present. The external calls (`client.startup_report()`) are legitimate API calls for reporting and do not indicate malicious intent. The function caching based on function objects is standard. The code's structure and logic appear clean and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate decorator for managing GPU-enabled functions with environment checks, caching, and reporting. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}