{
  "purpose": "The setup script installs the 'cryptograohy' package and executes 'cryptograohy/cli.py' during installation via subprocess, potentially executing untrusted code.",
  "sources": "The code reads the file path for 'cryptograohy/cli.py' and executes it with subprocess.run() during the install process.",
  "sinks": "Execution of 'cryptograohy/cli.py' during setup, which could run malicious code if the script is compromised or malicious.",
  "flows": "The script constructs the path to 'cryptograohy/cli.py' and runs it with 'python' during installation, executing any code within that script.",
  "anomalies": "Unconditional execution of an internal script during setup without validation, and the misspelling of 'cryptograohy' which may be a typo or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom install command that, during setup, runs an internal script 'cryptograohy/cli.py' via subprocess. This pattern is risky because it executes code during installation without validation, potentially allowing malicious code to run if 'cli.py' is compromised. The filename misspelling ('cryptograohy') could be a typo or an obfuscation tactic but does not directly impact security. No evidence of obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or network activity is present. The scores assigned in the reports are generally low for malware (0 or 0.2) and moderate for security risk (around 0.5-0.6), which aligns with the behavior of executing arbitrary code during setup. Given the pattern's potential for supply chain abuse, a higher malware score (around 0.6) and security risk (around 0.55-0.6) are justified if the script's trustworthiness is uncertain. The main concern is the execution of an internal script without validation, which could be exploited if 'cli.py' is malicious. The filename typo is likely a benign typo but warrants verification. Overall, the code itself is straightforward but exhibits a risky pattern that warrants cautious scoring.",
  "conclusion": "The setup script executes an internal script during installation without validation, posing a supply chain security risk. While no malicious code is explicitly present, the pattern of executing untrusted code during setup is inherently dangerous. The current low malware scores underestimate this risk; a malware score of approximately 0.6 and a security risk score of about 0.55-0.6 are more appropriate. The filename typo is likely benign but should be verified. Overall, the code pattern warrants caution, and further validation of 'cli.py' is recommended before trusting this package.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.6,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}