{
  "purpose": "Provides list operation functions for list manipulation, such as chunking, filtering, sorting, union, intersection, and other utility functions.",
  "sources": "Reads input data primarily from function arguments; uses internal iterators and built-in methods; does not read external sources or system data.",
  "sinks": "Uses data in list operations and transformations; no apparent sinks that send data externally or perform malicious data leakage.",
  "flows": "Flow mainly involves transforming input lists through filtering, comparison, merging, or iteration; no data flows to external systems, network, or files.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs observed. The use of external libraries (pydash, helpers) appears standard for list utilities. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. No hidden functions or code that perform unexpected system actions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive collection of list utility functions, including common operations like chunk, compact, difference, intersection, sort, etc. All functions operate on inputs provided as arguments and return processed results without side effects such as network access, system modification, or data exfiltration. Use of internal helper functions and external libraries (pydash) is consistent with list processing. No indicators of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage were found. The code does not perform any file I/O, network communication, or system command execution. No hardcoded secrets or environment variables are present. The structure is clear, and functions are designed for safe list operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured list utility module with no malicious behavior or sabotage. It safely processes list data and contains no signs of malware or security risks. The overall security risk score is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}