{
  "purpose": "This code provides functionalities for mapping and filtering ship data within polygons, creating interactive map elements, and visualizing ship positions and speeds. It appears intended for maritime data analysis and visualization.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from GeoJSON, WKT polygons, and user interactions (map clicks). Uses external libraries to load geojson files, WKT strings, and user-drawn shapes.",
  "sinks": "Creates map markers, polygons, and popups for ship data; adds layers to map objects; outputs HTML for legends and info panels.",
  "flows": "GeoJSON/WKT data loaded → filtered via spatial queries → map features created → user interactions trigger event handlers that update map layers.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code performs expected geospatial operations and map visualizations without obfuscated or obfuscating techniques. No external network connections or data exfiltration mechanisms observed.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard libraries (folium, geopandas, shapely, geopy, ipyleaflet, ipywidgets) for spatial data handling and visualization. Functions parse and filter spatial data, generate HTML-based legends, and dynamically add markers and polygons to maps. Event handlers respond to user interactions, such as drawing polygons or clicking on the map, to update displayed data accordingly. The code avoids insecure practices like executing untrusted code, hardcoding credentials, or making network requests. There are no signs of hidden backdoors, malicious data leaks, or suspicious external connections. The use of visual overlays and interactive elements aligns with typical map-based data analysis tools.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate and intended for maritime data visualization and interaction. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are detected based on the provided source. It leverages open-source libraries correctly and performs expected spatial data operations without suspicious or malicious code patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}