{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for geospatial analysis and visualization of ship data, including filtering ships within polygons, plotting ship markers with info popups, creating map legends, and handling user interactions such as drawing polygons and clicking on the map.",
  "sources": "The code reads external GeoJSON data, WKT polygon strings, and user interactions via map drawing and clicking events.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if sensitive ship info is exposed via popups or logs; map data is visualized, but no data is transmitted externally or stored.",
  "flows": "GeoJSON/WKT data sources are processed into geometries; user interactions trigger map updates, filtering, and marker plotting; info popups are generated for ships; click handlers create circles and filter ships within radius.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard libraries for geospatial processing and visualization. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior are detected. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code predominantly involves geospatial data processing, visualization, and user interaction handling. It loads data, filters based on polygons, and visualizes ship markers with info popups. The functions utilize standard libraries like folium, geopandas, shapely, and ipyleaflet. There is no evidence of malicious activities such as data exfiltration, command injection, or unauthorized system access. No hardcoded credentials, network connections, or suspicious code paths are found. The inclusion of popups and visual elements are typical for mapping applications. The code relies on safe methods and clearly structured logic, with proper error handling for data parsing. Overall, the code appears to be intended for a mapping application to analyze ship positions without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard geospatial visualization and analysis tool with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It securely processes data, provides user interactions, and visualizes ship data appropriately. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}