{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate signed JSON Web Signatures (JWS) for various Apple Store Connect related requests, including promotional offers, introductory offer eligibility, and advanced in-app requests, using private keys and specific claims.",
  "sources": "The code reads private signing keys (signing_key), input parameters such as product ID, offer identifiers, transaction IDs, and the advanced in-app request object.",
  "sinks": "The code produces signed JWT tokens as output. It encodes in-app request data into base64-encoded JSON, then signs it with cryptographic keys. No direct data leaks or untrusted data flows outside these signing operations are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (keys, IDs, request objects) are used to construct claims, which are then signed to produce JWTs. The in-app request object is unstructured, encoded, and included as a claim before signing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious payloads are present. The code properly validates critical inputs (non-null checks) and uses standard cryptographic libraries. The only potential concern is the encoding of request objects, but this appears to be a standard practice. No obfuscation, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code correctly uses cryptographic libraries to load private keys and sign claims, with proper validation of critical parameters. The encoding of the in-app request object appears legitimate for creating secure JWTs. There are no signs of malicious data handling, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. All cryptographic operations follow best practices with no suspicious or malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of JWT signing for Apple Store Connect requests. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. The functionality aligns with expected secure signing procedures, with no evident security issues or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}