{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to render security issues or findings in various formats (text, JSON, HTML) for reporting purposes.",
  "sources": "It reads data from the input parameter 'issues' (an iterable of Issue objects). It also loads templates from the file system using jinja2's FileSystemLoader, which reads template files from STATIC_DIR.",
  "sinks": "Template rendering functions (jinja2 Environment.get_template and render), and jsonlib.dumps for JSON output.",
  "flows": "Issues are passed to rendering functions; data is processed and then inserted into templates or JSON serialization, which then produces the final report outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior are observed. Usage of standard libraries and templates appears normal.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard and third-party libraries (jinja2, json). It defines functions to render issues in text, JSON, and HTML formats, utilizing templates and data processing. The data source is the 'issues' iterable, with templates loaded from the file system. Data flows from input to rendering outputs via safe, well-established libraries. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, such as code injection or backdoors, are present. There are no dynamic code evaluations, obfuscated code, or network communications. The use of jinja2 for templating is typical for report generation. The JSON serialization uses default=str to handle non-serializable objects, which is standard. Overall, the code performs expected report rendering tasks without suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard report generation module for security issues, with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. It responsibly uses libraries and templates for rendering data. The code's intent and implementation are consistent with safe report generation practices.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}