{
  "purpose": "This script is a setup configuration for a Python package called 'pydeck', involving building, installing, and integrating a widget with Jupyter notebooks.",
  "sources": "The script reads package version info from a file, environment variables ('PATH'), and the README.md file; also executes bash scripts during post-installation.",
  "sinks": "Execution of external commands such as 'bash postBuild', 'npm', 'yarn', and copying files; environment variables used for build processes.",
  "flows": "Reads version info -> logs environment variables -> runs build commands ('yarn bootstrap', 'npm run build') -> executes post-build scripts -> copies static files.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'exec' to run code from version file, which could be manipulated if the file is maliciously modified; execution of 'bash' script during post-install; environment variables used to influence build process; no user input handling or network communication present.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily handles package setup, build, and installation procedures. It reads version info via 'exec' which can be risky if the version file is maliciously altered, but this is a common pattern in setup scripts. It executes external commands ('bash postBuild', 'npm', 'yarn') for building JavaScript components, which are necessary for widget setup. The use of environment variables for PATH and build options is standard. There are no indications of code injection, data leakage, or malicious payloads. File operations such as copying files and removing previous build artifacts are standard and safe. No network communication or sensitive data handling is observed. Overall, the code appears to be a typical setup script with some external command execution, but no malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "This setup.py script functions as a build and installation configuration for the 'pydeck' package. It includes external command execution for building JavaScript components and runs a post-install bash script. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The code appears standard for such setup procedures with no malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}