{
  "purpose": "The script is a setup.py file used for packaging and installing the pydeck Python widget, including building frontend assets, registering widget components, and configuring package metadata.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (e.g., PATH), file contents (pydeck/_version.py, README.md), and user-provided command-line arguments.",
  "sinks": "Executes shell commands (`bash postBuild`, `yarn bootstrap`, `npm run build`), copies files, and modifies environment variables.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and file reads influence command executions and file operations; command-line args control build steps; shell commands and file operations are executed with potentially untrusted data in some cases.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns observed. The code predominantly performs setup, build, and registration tasks. No suspicious network connections, data exfiltration, or covert behaviors are evident. Use of `exec` to read version info is typical for setup scripts, not malicious. No obfuscated or intentionally misleading code.",
  "analysis": "The script functions as a setup utility for a Python package with frontend assets. It dynamically reads version info, manages environment variables, and runs build commands via npm and yarn. The commands are executed with controlled parameters; no untrusted user input appears to influence command execution beyond command-line flags. File operations are limited to copying and deleting known static files, with exception handling to avoid errors. No code indicates malicious intent such as data theft, remote control, or covert operations. All activities are typical for a setup process, and there are no signals of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard setup script for packaging a Jupyter widget, performing build and registration tasks. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}