{
  "purpose": "The script is a setup configuration for a Python package 'pydeck', involving building, packaging, and installing a Jupyter widget extension with frontend build steps.",
  "sources": "Reads version info from 'pydeck/_version.py', environment variables ('PATH', 'PYTHONPATH'), and input files like 'README.md'. Uses command-line arguments to trigger build processes.",
  "sinks": "Executes external commands ('bash postBuild', 'npm', 'yarn', 'check_call', 'check_output'), copies files, and modifies environment variables. Uses 'exec' to run version file content.",
  "flows": "Reads version info and configuration files -> executes external build commands -> copies files -> runs post-install scripts.",
  "anomalies": "Uses 'exec' on a version file, which could be risky if the file content is malicious or compromised. Also, the script executes arbitrary commands ('bash postBuild', 'npm', 'yarn') based on command-line arguments and environment setup, which could be manipulated. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive data. No suspicious obfuscation or hidden code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages build and installation processes, invoking external tools such as 'npm', 'yarn', and bash scripts. The 'exec' call on the version file is standard for dynamic version retrieval, though it could be a vector if the version file is malicious. The use of external commands is justified for build steps but warrants caution if the environment or inputs are compromised. No signs of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity are evident. No obfuscated code or malicious payloads detected. Overall, the code functions as a build and setup script without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard setup and build utility for a Python package involving frontend components. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks beyond typical build scripts. The use of 'exec' on a version file and external command execution should be monitored, but these are common practices. Overall, the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}