{
  "purpose": "The code implements an asyncio-based Least Recently Used (LRU) cache decorator for coroutine functions, providing caching, invalidation, and cache management functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments used as cache keys, and internal attributes such as _cache and _make_key for cache management.",
  "sinks": "There are no external data sinks; the code operates entirely in-memory, with no network or external system interactions.",
  "flows": "Input arguments are processed into cache keys via _make_key; cache hits and misses update internal counters and cache order; cache invalidation and clearing modify internal state; cache info functions provide cache statistics.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code uses internal functions and protected attributes typical for such utilities but does not exhibit obfuscation or malicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard asyncio coroutine cache decorator implementing an LRU cache with cache size enforcement, invalidation, and info retrieval. It uses internal functions and attributes (_make_key, _cache) consistent with typical cache implementations. No external communication, data leaks, or malicious code patterns are detected. The use of internal functions and protected attributes is standard for such utilities and does not indicate malicious intent. The code is well-structured, clear, and free of obfuscation or malicious behavior. The malware score is 0, reflecting no malicious activity. The obfuscation score is 0, as the code is straightforward. The security risk score is low (~0.1), consistent with a utility library that does not interact with external systems or handle sensitive data.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard asyncio-based LRU cache decorator for coroutine functions. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The assigned scores are appropriate, and the overall assessment confirms the code's safety and integrity.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}