{
  "purpose": "The code defines a status event handler for monitoring and displaying the progress of jobs in a command-line interface, primarily for use within a larger event-driven system related to build or job execution management.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from event objects such as JobQueued, JobStarted, JobProgress, StdoutLine, JobEnded, TimerEvent, and EventReactorShutdown; also reads terminal width via shutil.get_terminal_size() and sys.stdout/sys.stderr for output.",
  "sinks": "Outputs formatted status lines to sys.stdout and sys.stderr, including terminal updates and status summaries; no untrusted data sinks are identified.",
  "flows": "Event data (e.g., progress, job states) flows from event handlers (sources) to status display logic (sink) through in-memory data structures, culminating in formatted status line output; no external network or data exfiltration occurs.",
  "anomalies": "Code dynamically modifies sys.stdout/write methods to include clearing the last status line before output; uses regex patterns to match progress indicators; registers exit handlers for cleanup. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is an event handler that monitors job statuses and updates a dynamic status line in the terminal. It relies on event objects to track job progress, start/end times, and failure states. It modifies standard output methods for real-time terminal updates, and uses regex patterns for detecting progress indicators. It employs standard Python libraries and straightforward logic. No signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or unauthorized data exfiltration are present. The use of in-memory data structures and terminal control code suggests it’s a legitimate utility rather than malware. The code's behavior is consistent with typical CLI progress monitoring, with no anomalies suggesting sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a benign CLI progress/status monitor within a larger job execution framework. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It is a standard implementation of a terminal-based status updater with no suspicious or harmful logic.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}