{
  "purpose": "This code provides serialization and deserialization mechanisms for objects, with support for custom encoding, saving, and loading data to and from streams, mainly used in model persistence.",
  "sources": "Data read from input streams during deserialization (`pickle.load`, `cloudpickle.load`), environment variables are not used, no external input other than stream data.",
  "sinks": "Data is written to output streams via `pickle.dump` and `cloudpickle.dump`, potentially untrusted data could be introduced if malicious data is fed during deserialization.",
  "flows": "Serialized data is written by `Serializer.save`, and read by `Deserializer.load`, with data types specified by encoder identifiers, flowing from stream to object during load.",
  "anomalies": "Uses pickle and cloudpickle for serialization/deserialization, which can execute arbitrary code if untrusted data is deserialized. No input sanitization or validation of serialized data is performed. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code uses pickle and cloudpickle for serialization, which are known to be unsafe if handling untrusted data, as they can execute arbitrary code during unpickling. The code does not validate or sanitize data from streams before deserialization, representing a potential attack vector if the input streams are compromised. No suspicious external network activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code structure follows standard serialization patterns, with no obfuscated or misleading constructs. The inclusion of custom encoder functions allows flexibility but also introduces risk if the source of data is not trusted. Overall, the code’s primary security concern lies in its use of pickle and cloudpickle for data handling, which can be exploited in supply chain attacks if malicious data is injected into the streams.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard serialization/deserialization with potential security risk due to reliance on pickle and cloudpickle. If untrusted data is fed into the deserializer, arbitrary code execution could occur, constituting a significant security threat. No malicious behavior such as data theft, system compromise, or backdoors is explicitly present, but the use of unsafe deserialization methods warrants caution.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.7,
  "report_number": 3
}