{
  "purpose": "The code provides edge routing algorithms for graph visualization, including functions for routing with lines, splines, and rounded corners, as well as utilities for generating points and smoothing curves.",
  "sources": "The code reads geometry data from imported functions and internal variables such as 'pts' and 'e'. It also reads attributes from 'e', such as 'view', 'v', 'head_angle', and 'splines'. No external input sources like user input or network are explicitly read.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write or send data externally. It modifies attributes of objects ('e.view', 'e.view.splines', 'pts'), which are internal data structures. No external data sinks, network connections, or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input points 'pts' to internal processing functions, which compute geometrical points and modify the 'pts' list or object attributes like 'e.view'. No external untrusted data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior, such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or hidden network activity, is present. The code is purely geometric and visualization logic, with straightforward function calls.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several functions related to edge routing for graph visualization, including routing with lines, splines, and rounded corners. It relies on geometry calculations imported from 'grandalf.utils.geometry'. The functions manipulate data structures like 'pts' and attributes of an edge object 'e'. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code. The code performs geometric computations for visualization purposes only, with no external communication or insecure operations. The presence of commented 'Future work' suggests ongoing development but does not imply malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of geometric edge routing algorithms for graph visualization, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs internal computations to generate routing points and curves without external data handling or network activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}