{
  "purpose": "Defines various Google Map widgets for Django, including interactive, inline, and static map functionalities, with URL signing and parameter generation.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration settings (mw_settings), user inputs via URL parameters, and API keys/secrets from settings.",
  "sinks": "URL construction and signing functions, especially in sign_url method, which signs static map URLs.",
  "flows": "Configuration values and API keys are used to generate URLs for Google Maps APIs; sign_url signs static map URLs; get_image_url_params constructs marker and map parameters for static maps.",
  "anomalies": "Potentially sensitive data (API keys and secrets) are used directly in URL construction and signing; no explicit hardcoded credentials, but the use of secrets and keys could be risky if exposed. No obfuscated code; standard libraries used appropriately. No external input parsing or eval; URL signing process appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines widget classes that generate and sign URLs for Google Maps APIs. The URL signing method decodes a base64-encoded secret and signs URLs using HMAC SHA1, which is a standard practice. Sensitive information such as API keys and secrets are retrieved from settings, not hardcoded. The URL signing process could be exploited if secrets are leaked, but the implementation itself is correct and typical for Google Maps URL signing. There are no indications of malicious payloads, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The code does not perform any network calls beyond URL generation, and no untrusted data is used in critical security contexts, other than parameter assembly. Overall, the code appears to implement standard Google Maps widget functionality with URL signing, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements Google Map widgets with URL signing and parameter generation. It uses standard libraries and methods. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The main security consideration is safeguarding API keys and secrets, which are handled via settings. No obfuscation or malware indicators are present. The code appears secure and legitimate, assuming settings are properly protected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}