{
  "purpose": "A complex, obfuscated Django ORM expression class designed for dynamic query manipulation and extension.",
  "sources": "Source expressions within the custom Expression class, including get_source_expressions() and deep copies of source expressions.",
  "sinks": "Internal ORM query components, such as alias resolution, join setup, and expression resolution; no external data exfiltration or network activity observed.",
  "flows": "Source expressions are manipulated and passed through functions like LsOLGjdugFrxHgPtKIDxQkOkoKNsWoEC and tXnQNwiViHLmHPeztDFoRqjYtUyXtlrl, ultimately resolving within ORM query execution.",
  "anomalies": "Highly obfuscated class and variable names, complex dynamic expression handling, recursive resolution, deep copying of expressions, and dynamic join and alias management. No hardcoded secrets or external malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom Django ORM expression class with dynamic query extension capabilities. It employs obfuscation through class and variable naming, uses deep copies to manipulate source expressions, and resolves query aliases and joins dynamically. The logic is intricate but aligns with advanced ORM extension patterns. No evidence of malicious payloads, network activity, or data exfiltration. The obfuscation and complexity could be used to hide malicious intent, but in isolation, the code appears to serve legitimate purposes related to complex query construction. The potential for misuse exists if inputs are untrusted, but no active malicious behavior is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a highly obfuscated, sophisticated ORM extension for dynamic query manipulation. There is no direct evidence of malware, malicious payloads, or external communications. The obfuscation warrants cautious review, but overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, albeit complex, utility. The malware score is set low, consistent with the absence of malicious activity. The security risk is moderate due to the potential for misuse if inputs are untrusted, but no active threats are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}