{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for interacting with the Notion SDK, including data extraction, pagination, and response type checks.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function arguments, response dictionaries, URL strings, and the 'response' parameter in various functions.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily processes and returns data; no direct data sinks or external effects are observed. No untrusted data is written to files or network without proper handling.",
  "flows": "Input data (responses, URLs, parameters) flows through various validation and processing functions, returning filtered data or iterators. No external or untrusted data is forwarded without validation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code performs standard utility functions. The only minor concern is the use of 'UUID' to generate URLs, but this is standard practice. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for URL parsing, data selection, pagination handling, and response type checking, all typical for a SDK or API wrapper. Functions like 'get_url' and 'get_id' handle identifiers and URLs using 'UUID' module. Pagination functions correctly handle 'next_cursor' and 'has_more' flags, with both synchronous and asynchronous variants. Response type checks verify expected 'object' or 'type' fields. No data leakage, code injection, or malicious behavior is detected. The use of 'UUID' is legitimate for generating and parsing IDs. Asynchronous functions properly await network responses, and the overall structure is standard for SDK utility code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for interacting with Notion API responses and URLs. It performs input validation and data processing without any malicious intent or suspicious behavior. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling are observed. Overall, the code appears safe, with a very low likelihood of malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}