{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions to build Python package distributions, specifically source distributions (sdist) and wheel binary distributions, using metadata from pyproject.toml.",
  "sources": "The code reads input/data from configuration files (pyproject.toml, requirements.txt, README files), source code directories, environment variables (SOURCE_DATE_EPOCH), and file system operations (copying, writing, removing files).",
  "sinks": "File write operations (write_clean, write), file copying (shutil.copy2, shutil.copy), environment variable access (os.environ), and network-related functions (zipfile writing, archive creation).",
  "flows": "Sources include configuration data, environment variables, and file system reads. Data flows into file write operations, archive creation, and environment variable handling. No user input or untrusted external data sources directly influence these flows in a malicious context.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns identified. The code appears standard for build automation and packaging, with no obfuscated or malicious constructs. All third-party modules used are typical for such tasks. There is no network activity, data exfiltration, or stealthy operations. The environment variable SOURCE_DATE_EPOCH is used legitimately for reproducible builds, not malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured for its purpose of building package distributions, with clear use of standard libraries and third-party modules. It reads project metadata, copies source files, generates distribution archives, and manages build metadata. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data theft, unauthorized network communication, or hidden backdoors. The environment variable usage and file operations are consistent with normal build processes. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate build system for Python packages with no malicious intent detected. It performs typical packaging tasks securely and transparently. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior. The overall security risk is minimal, assuming the dependencies and environment are trusted.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}