{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for processing and transforming pytest results dataframes, particularly for handling steps, flattening columns, and extracting fixture names in a pytest session.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the results_df DataFrame, pytest_session object, and potentially environment variables if used indirectly. It also reads from imported modules and functions such as get_all_pytest_param_names_except_step_id, get_all_cross_steps_fixture_names, and pandas DataFrame operations.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates pandas DataFrames and calls functions that could be used to process data for further use, but no explicit data sinks (such as network or file operations) or untrusted data outputs are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input DataFrames and pytest session objects into processing functions that transform data, such as pivoting, flattening columns, and restructuring indices. The functions operate on data and produce modified DataFrames but do not execute external commands or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code imports third-party modules conditionally and relies heavily on pandas DataFrames for data processing. There are no suspicious or malicious-looking code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors. The only minor concern is the dynamic import of 'pytest_harvest' which is optional and guarded by try-except, but this is standard for optional dependencies and not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured, with clear utility functions for handling DataFrame transformations related to pytest results. It includes proper parameter validation, error handling, and uses standard pandas operations like pivot, unstack, and multi-level column flattening. There are no indicators of code injection, data leakage, or malicious payloads. The optional imports and reliance on external modules are normal for plugin or extension code. The functions do not perform network activity, execute shell commands, or handle sensitive data beyond pandas DataFrames. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility module for pytest data processing without malicious intent or harmful behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for processing pytest result dataframes, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It safely manipulates data structures, validates parameters, and handles dependencies appropriately. No malware or malicious logic is present, and the code's design is consistent with standard data processing practices in testing frameworks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}