{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom exception classes used within a dependency injection library called lagom. Its purpose is to handle various error scenarios during dependency resolution, configuration, and runtime issues in the library.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from type annotations, class attributes, and constructor parameters. It also reads input data in exception initializers, notably type information and error messages.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include string formatting within exception messages, which could be used if malicious data is injected to craft misleading messages. No direct data leaks, network operations, or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "The code flows from raising exceptions upon detection of invalid states or unresolvable dependencies, constructing error messages with type information, and propagating these exceptions to calling code. No external data flows or untrusted input handling beyond type info used for messages.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code behaviors detected. The code is straightforward, primarily defining custom exceptions with informative messages. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. No obfuscation, hidden code, or dynamic execution patterns observed.",
  "analysis": "The code solely defines exception classes and helper functions for string conversion of types. Exception initializers utilize standard Python features to generate messages based on type info or error context. The logic is clean, with no dynamic code execution, network operations, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The use of exception chaining and type introspection is standard practice in such libraries. No signs of malicious intent, data leaks, or sabotage are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign set of custom exception class definitions for a dependency injection library. It does not contain malicious behavior, security risks, or obfuscation. The code appears to be well-structured, with no indications of supply chain attacks or harmful code constructs.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}