{
  "purpose": "Client SDK for managing connections, tokens, and sessions with a Thingsboard server, including credential handling and authentication routines.",
  "sources": "Reading credential files, input parameters for URLs, usernames, passwords, and tokens; network calls via RestClientCE methods.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to external servers, token management, and user info retrieval; exception handling around token validation.",
  "flows": "Credential files are read during initialization; tokens are set via token_login; get_user methods are called to validate tokens; logout and connection methods manage session flow.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation of class and method names; credentials loaded from external files; no hardcoded secrets; exception handling around token validation is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code is a heavily obfuscated client SDK for connecting to a Thingsboard server, managing tokens, login, and logout procedures. It reads credentials from external files, uses standard API calls, and handles exceptions appropriately. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are evident. The obfuscation raises suspicion but does not confirm malicious intent. The malware score is low (0.1), reflecting the absence of malicious payloads. The obfuscation score is high (~0.7), consistent with the naming conventions. The security risk score is moderate (~0.3), mainly due to obfuscation and external credential handling, which could be exploited if files are compromised. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate SDK with obfuscation, not malicious in itself.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions as a standard client SDK for Thingsboard with obfuscated identifiers. No evidence of malicious activity or sabotage is detected. The obfuscation warrants caution but does not justify high malware or risk scores. The overall security posture is low risk, with moderate concern due to obfuscation and credential handling practices.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}