{
  "purpose": "A utility class for string manipulation, naming conversions, and language-specific transformations, primarily used in frameworks like Ruby on Rails.",
  "sources": "Import statement from 'inflector.languages.english' module; class methods called with external string inputs.",
  "sinks": "Method calls that process input strings (e.g., pluralize, singularize, titleize, camelize, underscore, humanize, variablize, urlize, unaccent, demodulize, modulize, foreign_key, classify, ordinalize). These are standard string processing functions, not untrusted data handlers.",
  "flows": "Input strings passed to various transformation methods within the class, which invoke corresponding language-specific methods. No external data or network sources are accessed, and no data is transmitted or stored.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a language inflector utility. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The only minor point is the presence of deprecated alias methods, which are not suspicious but indicate versioning.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class that delegates string manipulation tasks to an imported language module. There is no network activity, no dynamic code execution, and no handling of untrusted input beyond standard string operations. All method calls are direct and do not perform any unsafe operations. The import and class do not contain any obfuscated code or suspicious logic. The license comment is benign. Overall, the code is a typical utility class with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign string manipulation utility, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It strictly performs string transformations via a language-specific module, with no network, file, or sensitive data handling involved. It is safe for use, with a very low malware and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}