{
  "purpose": "Generate a detailed psychometric analysis report as a PDF document, including descriptive statistics and item analysis tables.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from 'marks_df', 'stats', 'NdljngeLJZcyfAkgrINTagzJADfCiMlz', 'AJtNClDbdSJiZjHKyKmYvSDMfTNvOghm', 'num_students', 'num_questions'. Uses environment variables for page number and generated by info.",
  "sinks": "Uses the reportlab library to generate a PDF; no direct data leaks or external connections are evident; data is formatted into tables and paragraphs for PDF output.",
  "flows": "Data from input DataFrames and variables flows into paragraphs and tables which are then compiled into a PDF document; no external data transmission observed.",
  "anomalies": "The class name appears obfuscated, but it is used solely for PDF page handling. The code contains placeholder variables and references to undefined variables like 'stats', 'num_students', 'num_questions' which may indicate incomplete code. The class methods include nonsensical method names, but they are used in contextually appropriate ways. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a report generation script that uses the reportlab library to create a PDF report for psychometric analysis. It defines a custom Canvas class for page numbering and footer info. The main function constructs the PDF with various sections, including assessment analysis and item analysis, formatted using Paragraphs and Tables. It pulls in data from dataframes and variables that are assumed to be provided externally. No suspicious network activity, file operations, or code injections are present. The obfuscated method names and variable names seem to be an attempt at obfuscation, but they do not perform malicious actions. The code's purpose is clearly to generate a report, with no indicators of malicious payloads or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate report generation script for psychometric data. While it contains obfuscated method names and placeholder variables, there is no evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage. The security risk is minimal, primarily due to incomplete context and obfuscation rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.6,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}