{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Python decorator for adding timeout functionality to functions, supporting multiprocessing and signal-based timeouts, with options for evaluation and configuration.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard library (sys, typing), external libraries (dill, wrapt), and internal modules (wrap_helper, wrap_function_multiprocess). It also reads function parameters (dec_timeout, use_signals, etc.) and function arguments (args, kwargs).",
  "sinks": "The code executes the wrapped function, possibly with a timeout enforced via signal handlers or subprocesses. It also may evaluate strings for timeout parameters if dec_allow_eval is True.",
  "flows": "Sources (parameters and function arguments) flow into the wrapper; if dec_timeout is a string and dec_allow_eval is True, it gets evaluated. Depending on use_signals, execution flows into either wrapped_with_timeout_signals or wrapped_with_timeout_process, which execute the wrapped function possibly under a timeout. Any exception during this process can raise TimeoutError or PicklingError.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or backdoors. The code performs standard timeout handling, and the only potentially risky part is the eval option for dec_timeout, which is explicitly documented as dangerous. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a decorator to add timeout capabilities to functions, supporting both signal-based and process-based methods. It uses internal helper classes (WrapHelper, Timeout) to manage configuration and execution. The eval feature allows string evaluation for timeout values, which is inherently dangerous but is properly documented as a security hazard. The code does not include malicious network calls, data theft, or backdoors. It is a well-structured implementation of a timeout decorator with extensive configuration options, and there is no evidence of malicious behavior or malicious code injection.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a timeout decorator for Python functions, with no malicious intent. The only security concern is the optional use of eval for timeout values, which is clearly warned about. The code does not contain malware or malicious behavior; it is a legitimate utility with configurable timeout mechanisms.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}