{
  "purpose": "Provides a Python decorator factory 'timeout' to add timeout functionality to functions, supporting signal and process-based timeouts with extensive configuration options.",
  "sources": "Imports standard modules (sys, typing), external modules (dill, wrapt), and internal modules (wrap_helper, wrap_function_multiprocess). Reads function parameters and configuration options.",
  "sinks": "Executes wrapped functions; potential sink if 'eval' is enabled, as it can evaluate arbitrary strings for timeout parameters.",
  "flows": "Source parameters (dec_timeout, etc.) flow into WrapHelper; if 'eval' is enabled, strings are evaluated; then the wrapped function executes either directly or via timeout wrappers depending on configuration.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. The only notable feature is the optional 'eval' for dynamic timeout evaluation, which is explicitly documented as dangerous.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a well-structured timeout decorator supporting multiple strategies. It uses external and internal modules, with parameters allowing dynamic evaluation of timeout expressions via 'eval'. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The 'eval' feature, while risky, is clearly documented and intended for advanced use, not malicious activity. The code's logic is straightforward, with clear separation of concerns. No network activity or data exfiltration observed. The security concern is the 'eval' feature, which could be exploited if misused, but the documentation warns users accordingly.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, utility-focused implementation of a timeout decorator with configurable options. There is no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. The only security caveat is the optional 'eval' feature, which is explicitly warned about and not enabled by default. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the security risk score is 0.2, reflecting the potential danger if 'eval' is misused. Overall, the code is safe and appropriate for use with caution regarding 'eval'.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}