{
  "purpose": "A decorator to add timeout functionality to Python functions, supporting multiprocessing, signals, and eval options for dynamic timeout evaluation.",
  "sources": "Imports from standard library (sys, typing), third-party libraries (dill, wrapt), and local modules (.wrap_helper, .wrap_function_multiprocess). No input sources like user input or network data are present.",
  "sinks": "The code invokes functions and executes wrapped functions; potential data leaks could occur if wrapped functions handle untrusted data. No explicit insecure data handling or external data sinks (network, file system) are present within this module.",
  "flows": "The decorator creates a WrapHelper object (source), which controls the execution of the wrapped function (sink). When signals are used, it sets alarm handlers, otherwise it uses a process-based timeout (via Timeout). The flow involves passing arguments and optional eval evaluation of timeout parameters, but no external data transmission or modification is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code allows evaluation of string expressions for timeout parameters (dec_timeout, args, kwargs) if dec_allow_eval is True, which is a security risk but not malicious by itself. The code attempts to import local modules with fallback handling, which could indicate a modular design but no malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured timeout decorator supporting signal-based and process-based timeout mechanisms, with options for dynamic evaluation of timeout expressions. It includes extensive documentation and conditional imports to support different environments. No malicious behavior, external data leaks, or suspicious activities are detected. The eval option poses a security concern but is documented as a danger rather than malicious activity. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a timeout decorator for functions with configurable options, without any malicious intent or malicious behaviors. It handles standard timeout scenarios and offers flexible evaluation features, but the eval capability should be used cautiously. There are no indicators of malware or security risks beyond the documented security warnings related to eval.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}