{
  "purpose": "This code defines a mock HTTP server framework for testing purposes, allowing registration of request matchers and response handlers, managing server lifecycle, and logging requests and responses.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from incoming HTTP requests, including request data, headers, method, URI, and query string. It also reads server configuration such as host, port, and SSL context.",
  "sinks": "Generates HTTP responses based on registered handlers; outputs include JSON serialization, raw data responses, and error responses. No direct data sinks to external systems are present.",
  "flows": "Request data is matched via matchers; upon matching, registered handlers generate responses; server lifecycle methods manage start/stop; logs are stored internally. No external or untrusted data is transmitted outside the server context.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors detected. Usage of standard Python and Werkzeug libraries, with no hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No dynamic code execution, system modifications, or network calls to suspicious domains are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a well-structured mock HTTP server with request matching, response handling, and logging features. It employs standard Python idioms, libraries, and typing. No evidence of malicious intent or sabotage—functions serve testing/mocking purposes only. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms identified. The server lifecycle management and request processing are typical of test servers. Overall, the code appears secure and free of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign mock server framework designed for testing HTTP interactions. It uses standard libraries and practices, with no signs of malicious activity or security risks. The code is transparent and intended for controlled testing environments only.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}