{
  "purpose": "Command Line Interface for Levox GDPR Compliance Tool to scan, fix, report, and validate GDPR compliance issues in code directories.",
  "sources": "User input from prompt_toolkit prompt; file paths from command arguments; data from imported modules levox.scanner, levox.fixer, levox.report.",
  "sinks": "Execution of functions like generate_changes_report, export_report, apply_fix, generate_fix, and display functions which handle code modifications, report generation, and user interaction.",
  "flows": "User inputs commands -> parsing and validation -> corresponding method calls (e.g., scan_directory, fix_issues, generate_report, validate_fixes) -> data processed through levox modules -> report files generated or code fixed.",
  "anomalies": "Use of third-party libraries for UI (prompt_toolkit) and custom modules (levox.*). No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code observed. Extensive use of animations and dialogs for user interaction; no suspicious network activity or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code acts as a user interface layer coordinating scanning, fixing, and reporting functions from the levox modules. It performs input parsing, manages progress animations, confirms actions with the user, and delegates core functionality to external modules. The code structure appears standard for CLI tools. No code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior is evident. There are no calls to suspicious external domains, hidden code, or backdoors. The imported modules may perform security-sensitive tasks, but the code shown is only an orchestration layer. It includes safe practices like user confirmation before fixing issues and report generation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard CLI interface for a GDPR compliance tool, with no evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior. It relies on external modules to perform core operations securely and interactively. No suspicious signals or malicious intent are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}