{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a code generation or code formatting utility, potentially for debugging or logging purposes, involving processing of abstract syntax tree (AST) nodes and formatting output strings.",
  "sources": "Reads data from AST node attributes, resource objects, pattern objects, and string splits within functions like oRsEjekSgEgPjLxYEShqCiDJoinwhjAx and fAlrlLYsBhozgWcQaRaOfplVeqtwLgwX.",
  "sinks": "Formats data into strings, potentially outputting formatted code snippets or logs, with no direct system calls or network communication observed.",
  "flows": "Input data from AST nodes and resource attributes flows into string formatting functions, which produce formatted string outputs. No external or untrusted data seems to be sent or executed; data is only formatted and returned.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs heavily obfuscated variable and function names, making static analysis difficult. No hardcoded credentials or obvious malicious backdoors are detected. The obfuscation and complex AST handling may be intended to hide malicious intent or just obscure code logic. The use of raising exceptions for unknown AST types indicates strict type handling but no malicious logic. No network or file system access observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs AST node type checking and string formatting based on node attributes, which could be part of a code generation or pretty-printing utility. Obfuscated variable names and complex conditional branches might be used to conceal malicious behavior, but no direct malicious actions like network calls, file writes, or system modifications are evident. Functions process AST nodes, format strings, and generate code-like snippets, possibly for code transformation or analysis purposes. The use of exception raising for unknown types suggests defensive coding but does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code’s complexity and obfuscation merit caution but do not demonstrate malware or security risks directly.",
  "conclusion": "The code is heavily obfuscated and employs AST processing for formatting purposes, with no explicit signs of malicious activity or malware. The obfuscation could be suspicious, but based on static analysis, it appears to be intended for code formatting or transformation. No evidence of malicious behaviors such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system compromise was identified.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}