{
  "purpose": "The code implements a 1D Kalman filter class for sensor data smoothing, including decorators for applying the filter to class methods, and a demonstration class with sensor value simulation and filtering.",
  "sources": "Reads sensor values from the methods '_raw_sensor_value' and '_raw_sensor_value_2', as well as from the 'values' and 'values_2' lists within the TestClass.",
  "sinks": "No data sinks or untrusted data output mechanisms are present. The filtered data is used internally; no external data transmission or storage is evident.",
  "flows": "Sensor value methods provide measurements to the Kalman filter update via decorators, which process and smooth the data internally. There is no external data flow to network or system resources.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious constructs are detected. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a Kalman filter with a test harness. No obfuscated code or hidden logic is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a KalmanFilter1D class with methods to update estimates based on measurements, including outlier detection. Decorators allow seamless application of the filter to class methods, storing instances per method. The TestClass simulates sensor data and applies filtering via decorators. The main script runs a test loop, fetching raw sensor values, applying the filter, and iterating. No external data access, network, or malicious constructs are identified. The code appears to be an educational or utility implementation of a filter without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a benign, standard implementation of a 1D Kalman filter with a demonstration class. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, data exfiltration, or security risks. It is a well-structured, typical data filtering utility with no suspicious components.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}