{
  "purpose": "The script interactively initializes a Snowflake account by creating roles, users, warehouses, and databases, and executes the generated SQL script to perform these actions.",
  "sources": "User input collected via click.prompt for role, user, password, warehouse, database, account, admin user, and admin password.",
  "sinks": "SQL execution through SQLAlchemy's text() function within a database connection; also printing SQL scripts when in dry_run mode.",
  "flows": "User inputs are directly inserted into variables, which are then used to generate SQL scripts and establish database connections. These inputs flow into SQL statements that are executed or printed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; user inputs are taken at runtime with prompts, including passwords. No obfuscated or suspicious code structures observed. The code adheres to standard practices for interactive scripts.",
  "analysis": "The code is an interactive CLI tool designed for Snowflake account setup. It prompts for credentials and configuration details, generates SQL scripts via the SnowflakeConnector, and optionally executes these scripts. Inputs are gathered directly from the user at runtime, reducing risk of embedded secrets. SQL statements are executed via SQLAlchemy's text() within a controlled context. No suspicious, backdoor, or malicious behavior is evident. The use of prompts and execution flow appears standard and intended for setup purposes. The only minor concern could be the execution of multiple statements based on user input, but given the context, this is a normal administrative operation. No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious network activity is present.",
  "conclusion": "The script performs legitimate account setup tasks interactively. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious code. It relies on user input to generate and execute SQL scripts, with no evident security risks or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}