{
  "purpose": "This code sets up an Elasticsearch MCP server that provides tools for listing indices, getting mappings, searching, and retrieving cluster health and stats, supporting different transport modes.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (ES_HOST, ES_PORT, ES_VERSION), command-line arguments (--host, --port, --es-version), user input via API calls, internal function calls, and imported modules.",
  "sinks": "Logging outputs, environment variable settings, command-line parameter usage, and network communications with Elasticsearch and potentially external clients.",
  "flows": "Input sources (env vars, args) influence configuration, which is used for establishing Elasticsearch connections and server settings. Data flows from user commands to functions interacting with Elasticsearch, and responses are sent back through logs or network responses.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; the code primarily configures connection parameters dynamically via environment variables and arguments. No suspicious or unusual code constructs detected; the code structure and logic are straightforward. No evident obfuscation, hidden code, or misleading constructs.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes a server with tools for interacting with Elasticsearch. It reads configuration data from environment variables and command-line arguments, then performs connection testing before starting the server. The tools are designed to handle common Elasticsearch operations safely. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The logging and network interactions appear standard for a management server. All inputs are used to configure the server rather than execute arbitrary code or access sensitive data directly. Overall, the code appears legitimate and designed for a typical management interface without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard server setup for Elasticsearch management, with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It reads configuration data securely from environment variables and command-line arguments, performs connection testing, and exposes tools for Elasticsearch operations. The overall security posture is sound based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}