{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define classes and functions for handling media sizes and bitrates, possibly for media processing or streaming tasks.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from parameters passed to class constructors (__init__), function arguments, and potentially from external modules imported at the top.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flow occurs in functions that manipulate bitrate values and sizes, especially where data is calculated or transformed. No direct network, file, or system call sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (sizes, bitrates) through functions that adjust or select bitrate values, then into size and format calculations within class methods. No external or network sinks are directly invoked.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual elements include the use of obfuscated variable names, minimal comments, and indirect calculations. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The import of a seemingly obscure module (_format). No apparent malicious behavior or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily for media size and bitrate management, with functions for adjusting bitrate values based on a ratio, and classes for handling multiple resolution levels and formats. The variable names are intentionally obscure but do not imply malicious intent. There are no network operations, file I/O, or system commands that could be exploited maliciously. The flow of data is confined within the application logic without external side effects. The import statements are from local modules, which are not suspicious on their own. The exception handling is standard for input validation. Overall, the code appears to serve a media processing purpose without any evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign and focused on media size and bitrate management. No malicious intent, backdoors, or suspicious data flows are detected. The obfuscated variable names are likely for code obscurity rather than malicious obfuscation. The absence of network, file, or system command interactions indicates low risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}