{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Python class for connecting to Snowflake data warehouse, managing credentials, and executing SQL queries with various utility functions.",
  "sources": "Credential input methods (parser.get_str_required_env, parser.get_credential, parser.get_str_optional_env, etc.), environment variables, and parameters passed to functions such as 'params' and 'table_name'.",
  "sinks": "SQL query construction (e.g., in methods like iGsLwfutevEJOyzuyyNhpYgIGkyZhqsU, AAEXGmXuhYAXzBQvkQWSOvsfrCAUECQD, uVGZoBzVDxVIvowwfzKPfNlnVxtGylEH) and connection establishment via snowflake.connector.connect.",
  "flows": "Sources (credentials/env vars) are used in connection setup and query construction; user-supplied table names or columns are interpolated into SQL statements, which are executed to retrieve data or metadata.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. However, the code includes placeholders for sensitive info like 'YOURACCOUNT', 'YOUR_DATABASE', etc. The private key handling involves reading from a path or variable, which could be misused if improperly configured. The method 'HxkGNVuhGOquDNzRmBsfXttMyuOrsEvJ' constructs connection parameters with environment variable placeholders, but this appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code's primary function is to facilitate secure connection to Snowflake and execute SQL queries. It uses standard libraries and practices for credential management, private key loading, and query construction. The SQL queries are parameterized with variables and do not appear to include malicious code injection vectors. The private key loading method properly handles encryption and key deserialization. No evidence of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity is present. The code does not include any network communication outside of snowflake.connector, which is typical for such a module. There are no signs of obfuscated or hidden code; variable names are intentionally obscure but do not suggest malicious intent. Overall, the code seems designed for its intended purpose without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a Snowflake database connector with utility functions for query generation and credential management. There are no indicators of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. It follows standard practices for secure handling of credentials and database connections. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}