{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to configure and perform minification of various code types (CSS, HTML, JS, JSON, SVG, XML) using a native shared library.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data from the 'configuration' dictionary, input strings in the string() function, and input/output filenames in the file() function.",
  "sinks": "Outputs minified data returned by string(), and files written by file() functions. No untrusted data flow to sensitive sinks observed.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from input dict to native lib through minifyConfig. String input flows from string() to native minifyString, output returned. Filename inputs flow from parameters to native minifyFile, which writes output to files.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or unusual behaviors observed. The native library 'minify.so' is loaded dynamically but no embedded malicious code detected. Usage of ffi and dynamic loading is standard for such functionality.",
  "analysis": "The code interfaces with a native shared library for minification. It reads configuration parameters, input strings, and filenames, then calls the native library functions. No evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The ffi interface is used in a typical manner. No obfuscation, code injection, or suspicious logic detected. The native library's source code is not provided, which is common but limits comprehensive security assessment; however, no indications of malicious behavior are evident in this wrapper code.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate interface to a native minification library without signs of malicious behavior. It does not contain hardcoded credentials, suspicious data flows, or backdoors. Its purpose is to perform safe minification tasks as intended. Without access to the native library's source, a full security assessment cannot be guaranteed, but based on this code alone, the risk appears low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}