{
  "purpose": "The code provides an interface for configuring and using a native minification library to process various types of code or data such as CSS, HTML, JavaScript, JSON, SVG, and XML.",
  "sources": "Configuration data via the 'configuration' dictionary; input data via string input in 'string()' function; file paths provided as input in 'file()' function.",
  "sinks": "Native library functions that perform minification, which write output to provided buffers or files. The code itself does not handle untrusted data beyond passing parameters to these native functions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (string content, filenames, configuration dict) into native library functions, with error checks after each call. No untrusted data is returned or sent externally by the Python code itself.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code structures. Use of dynamic memory allocation and string conversions appears standard for interfacing with C libraries.",
  "analysis": "The script loads a shared library 'minify.so' and provides functions to configure its behavior and perform minification on strings or files. Error handling is implemented via exception raising on native library errors. The code acts as a wrapper around native code, with input parameters being passed directly to C functions. There are no signs of malicious code, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The use of a native library is common for performance-critical tasks like minification and does not by itself suggest malicious intent. All data flows are within expected parameters, with no external or untrusted data leakages observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a secure wrapper for a native minification library, with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles input data securely and performs error checking after native calls. The overall security posture appears safe based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}