{
  "purpose": "The code implements a FastMCP server exposing tools to interact with knowledge bases, providing retrieval and answering functionalities, as well as listing available knowledge bases.",
  "sources": "Data sources include the parameters of the 'retrieve' and 'answer' functions (kb, question, mode, top_k, response_type), and the list of knowledge bases from 'list_knowledgebases'. These are used to query knowledge bases and generate responses.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows include the outputs of rag_manager.query() which are returned as strings, and the knowledge bases list JSON output. Potential data leaks could occur if sensitive information is contained in knowledge base responses, but there is no evidence of data exfiltration or malicious exfiltration in this code alone.",
  "flows": "Sources (input parameters) flow into the rag_manager.query() calls for retrieve and answer, and into list_kbs() for listing knowledge bases. The outputs are wrapped and returned as strings or JSON structures. Error handling ensures errors are logged and raised properly.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard with no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. Logging of potentially large responses could reveal sensitive info, but this is typical. No suspicious network calls, code injections, or obfuscated code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code securely handles input parameters, with validation via Pydantic models, and includes proper exception handling. It calls asynchronous methods to query knowledge bases and lists them, wrapping outputs suitably. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage. The only potential concern is logging large responses which might contain sensitive data, but this is typical in such systems. No hardcoded credentials or unsafe practices are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate and secure, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks based on the provided code snippet. It properly manages data flows, validates inputs, and handles exceptions. No suspicious or malicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}