{
  "purpose": "The code implements a FastMCP server providing tools to interact with knowledge bases, including retrieval and answer generation functionalities.",
  "sources": "User inputs via the FastMCP interface, specifically the 'retrieve' and 'answer' methods with parameters such as 'kb', 'question', 'mode', 'top_k', and 'response_type'. It also retrieves knowledge base list via 'list_kb'.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows include responses from rag_manager.query (context and answer), which are returned as strings, and the list of knowledge bases formatted as JSON. These are primarily output flows rather than code injection points.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('kb', 'question', etc.) are passed to rag_manager.query (retrieve and answer methods). Results from these queries are wrapped and returned. The list_knowledgebases method gathers data from kb_manager.list_kbs() and outputs JSON.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to follow standard patterns with no obfuscated code, unusual language features, or dynamic execution. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code segments are present. Usage of exception handling aligns with normal practices.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a FastMCP server with three tools: retrieve, answer, and list_knowledgebases. Inputs are validated via pydantic models, and data flows from user parameters to the rag_manager.query calls, which are asynchronous and expected. Error handling is appropriate, catching specific known errors and logging them. No malicious code or backdoors are evident. The retrieval and answer functions do not perform any insecure operations, and all data outputs are via well-defined functions. There are no signs of malware such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or data theft. The code relies on external modules (knowledge_mcp.knowledgebases, knowledge_mcp.rag, fastmcp) that are assumed to be safe based on context, and no dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard server setup for knowledge base querying with proper validation and error handling. No malicious or suspicious behaviors are detected. It appears to be a legitimate, secure implementation suitable for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}