{
  "purpose": "This code defines a server for interacting with knowledge bases via tools that retrieve information and generate answers, encapsulating the logic within a FastMCP framework.",
  "sources": "Reads user input through parameters in 'retrieve' and 'answer' methods, and retrieves knowledge base data via 'rag_manager.query' and 'kb_manager.list_kbs'.",
  "sinks": "Outputs are returned as strings via '_wrap_result', with potential JSON serialization in 'list_knowledgebases'. No direct sinks that handle untrusted data, but the outputs could expose internal data if misused.",
  "flows": "User input (questions, parameters) flows into 'retrieve' and 'answer' methods, which call 'rag_manager.query'. Data flows from knowledge base managers to responses. No external untrusted data flow into the system beyond input parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Use of exception handling is standard. No suspicious network activity, file access, or environment variable usage detected. No unusual code constructs or obfuscation patterns observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages knowledge base queries and answers through well-structured async methods, with proper exception handling and validation of input parameters. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, unauthorized network activity, or backdoors. The only external interaction is via the 'rag_manager' and 'kb_manager' interfaces, which are assumed to be legitimate. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive data are present. The code operates within expected bounds for a knowledge base service, with standard logging and error handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate knowledge base interaction server with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It follows best practices for input validation and error handling. No malicious or sabotage code detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}