{
  "purpose": "This source code defines various classes and functions for coding categorical factors in statistical models, including contrast coding schemes like Treatment, Poly, Sum, Helmert, and Diff.",
  "sources": "Input levels from function arguments (e.g., 'levels' in code_with_intercept and code_without_intercept methods), and data passed to contrast functions (e.g., levels in _get_level).",
  "sinks": "Contrast matrices are created and stored in objects; no direct data sinks such as network connections or file outputs are present.",
  "flows": "Levels are input from caller functions, transformed via contrast algorithms (e.g., contrast calculations), and stored in ContrastMatrix objects; no untrusted data is used for system commands or external communication.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No suspicious code constructs, obfuscated code, or malicious system calls. The code primarily performs mathematical matrix computations and data transformations. No data leakage or privacy violations are detected. The contrast calculation functions involve straightforward numeric operations and numpy routines. The only notable point is the use of 'np.linalg.qr' for orthogonalization, which is standard. No external network, file, or system access is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements multiple contrast coding schemes for categorical variables, such as Treatment, Poly, Sum, Helmert, and Diff. It constructs contrast matrices based on input levels and optional parameters, applying standard numerical linear algebra techniques like QR decomposition. There are no indications of data exfiltration, network communication, or execution of external commands. No use of eval, exec, or dynamic code execution patterns. The functions focus solely on matrix operations and data transformations related to statistical contrasts. The code does not include any hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic. All imported modules are standard, and functions seem to be straightforward implementations of well-known statistical contrast coding schemes.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of statistical contrast coding implementations with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs mathematical data processing for categorical variable coding, consistent with statistical analysis practices. No security risks or malware indications are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}