{
  "purpose": "This source code provides various statistical contrast coding schemes for categorical variables, such as Treatment, Sum, Poly, Helmert, and Diff, used in statistical modeling and design matrices.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through function parameters like 'levels' and 'levels references' (e.g., in code_with_intercept and code_without_intercept methods), and class attributes. No external or untrusted data sources are directly accessed.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include explicit sinks such as network communication, file writing, or system commands. No use of eval, exec, or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (like levels and scores) through contrast calculations and matrix manipulations, resulting in ContrastMatrix objects that contain the contrast matrices and associated column names.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code appears to implement standard statistical contrast coding schemes with no obfuscated or unusual language features. All functions and classes are well-defined, with clear purpose. No hidden or malicious code behaviors such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network activity are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple contrast coding schemes for categorical data, including Treatment, Sum, Poly, Helmert, and Diff. Each class generates contrast matrices used for statistical modeling, with no signs of malicious behavior. No external data sources are accessed or manipulated insecurely. The functions operate purely on provided input parameters, primarily generating numerical matrices. The presence of no pickling or unsafe code execution mechanisms further reduces suspicion. No use of eval, exec, or dynamic code execution is detected. The code's structure and comments suggest legitimate statistical use rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate implementation of contrast coding schemes for statistical modeling. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, data exfiltration, or security risks. It is safe and standard in its domain.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}