{
  "purpose": "This code defines various statistical contrast coding schemes used for categorical variables in statistical modeling and design matrix construction, including Treatment, Poly, Sum, Helmert, and Diff contrasts.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters such as 'levels', 'scores', 'levels_ref', 'levels', and 'contrast'. It also imports data from external libraries like numpy and patsy utilities.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks such as network connections, file writes, or system commands that handle untrusted data. The code does not perform any data leakage, external system interaction, or security-sensitive operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters ('levels', 'scores', 'contrast') into contrast matrix calculations, including the creation of numpy arrays, matrix orthogonalization (qr decomposition), and contrast matrix assembly. There are no evident untrusted data flows leading to insecure operations.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious behavior are present. The code strictly implements statistical contrast matrices with standard numpy and Python constructs. No dynamic code execution or unsafe code practices are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines classes for various contrast coding schemes, with functions to generate contrast matrices based on input levels and optional parameters. It uses numpy for matrix operations and includes error handling via PatsyError. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or covert data exfiltration. The functions and classes are well-structured, with standard usage of numpy for matrix calculations. The code does not perform any network operations, file I/O, or system calls that could be exploited maliciously. The import statements are for typical libraries used in statistical computing. There are no signs of obfuscated logic or hidden payloads.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard implementation of statistical contrast coding schemes with no evidence of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It is a purely computational library for statistical design matrices. No suspicious behavior, backdoors, or malware indicators are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}