{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions for various contrast coding schemes used in categorical variable encoding, such as Treatment, Poly, Sum, Helmert, and Diff. These are mathematical utilities for statistical modeling, generating contrast matrices based on input levels.",
  "sources": "Input levels are provided as function arguments or class attributes; no external data sources or untrusted inputs are involved.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs ContrastMatrix objects containing numpy arrays; no external system calls, network communication, or data exfiltration occur.",
  "flows": "Input levels flow into contrast calculation methods, resulting in contrast matrices; these matrices are returned as ContrastMatrix objects. No external data or untrusted sources are processed during execution.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, obfuscation, or malicious constructs are present. The code uses standard numpy operations and straightforward class structures without dynamic code execution or external dependencies.",
  "analysis": "The code implements well-known statistical contrast coding schemes with clear, standard numpy matrix operations. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious behavior, or external system interaction. The functions and classes serve purely computational purposes, with data flow confined to internal calculations. The use of numpy QR decomposition, matrix stacking, and indexing is standard for such implementations. No secrets, network calls, or external data handling are present. The code structure is clean, and the logic aligns with typical statistical coding practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard implementation of contrast coding schemes for categorical variables. It contains no malware, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The scores assigned (malware=0, securityRisk=0.1) are appropriate given its purely computational nature and lack of external interactions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}