{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebSocket handler class with methods for managing WebSocket connection lifecycle, message sending/receiving, and state management within an ASGI application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'scope' dictionary during initialization, particularly 'scope['type']' and possibly 'extensions'. It also reads message data from the receive function ('self._receive()') and message dictionaries during send/receive operations.",
  "sinks": "The code sends messages via the 'self._send' callable, which transmits ASGI messages such as 'websocket.accept', 'websocket.close', 'websocket.send', and 'websocket.http.response.start'. It also calls the response callable in 'send_denial_response' method.",
  "flows": "Sources include initialization data and incoming messages; sinks include sending messages to the client. Flows involve receiving connection/communication messages and responding with accept, data, or close messages. 'receive' methods process incoming messages; 'send' methods transmit messages based on application logic; 'send_json', 'send_text', and 'send_bytes' convert data to appropriate formats before sending.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code are present. The code appears to implement standard WebSocket management with proper state handling. No hardcoded credentials, malicious data leaks, or backdoors are evident. Exception handling is standard, with no suspicious network activity or external data exfiltration evident.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a comprehensive WebSocket connection management class for ASGI applications, including state management, message processing, and extension support. It does not perform any external network calls beyond standard WebSocket message handling, nor does it contain code that would perform malicious actions such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or covert channels. The 'send_denial_response' method conditionally handles responses based on extensions, which appears standard. No indicators of malicious intent, backdoors, or security breaches are present. The code follows expected patterns for WebSocket handling and does not exhibit obfuscation or suspicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a WebSocket handler for ASGI applications. It performs typical connection, message, and state management tasks without any signs of malicious behavior or security risks. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}