{
  "purpose": "Define setup configuration for the 'pojang_resorter' Python package, including custom post-installation actions to run a script.",
  "sources": "The code reads package data, dependencies, and runs an executable script located within the package directory during installation.",
  "sinks": "The subprocess.run call executes a script (utilities.py) with a command-line argument '--run', which could potentially execute arbitrary code if the script is malicious or tampered with.",
  "flows": "During installation, the code checks for the existence of 'utilities.py' and executes it with Python, creating a source-to-sink flow where untrusted or malicious code in 'utilities.py' could be executed.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically constructs the path to 'utilities.py' within the package directory and runs it without verifying its content or integrity. This behavior is unusual because installing a package triggers execution of internal scripts, which could be malicious if compromised.",
  "analysis": "The setup script includes a custom install command that, after completing the standard installation, attempts to run a script located at 'pojang_resorter/utilities.py'. The script path is constructed based on 'self.install_lib', which points to the installation directory. The code checks if the script exists before executing it with subprocess.run. Running internal scripts during installation is not inherently malicious but is unconventional and could be exploited if the script is malicious or altered maliciously. There are no hardcoded credentials, network connections, or suspicious code snippets present. The dependencies and package data appear standard. However, executing an internal script during installation creates a potential attack surface if the package repository or build process is compromised. This behavior warrants scrutiny because executing arbitrary code during installation can lead to remote code execution if the script is malicious or tampered with.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a standard setup with a custom post-install step that runs an internal script, which introduces a potential security risk if that script is malicious or compromised. No other malicious behaviors or obfuscated code are evident. The primary concern is the execution of internal scripts during installation, which is a common supply chain risk.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 4
}