{
  "purpose": "This script customizes the installation process of a Python package, displaying warnings and installing a secondary package called 'requestc'. It also performs environment checks and displays platform-specific popups.",
  "sources": "Reads system environment variables (os.getenv), reads sys.version_info, reads script files (secondary_setup.py), and executes system commands (os.system).",
  "sinks": "Executes system commands via os.system, writes and deletes 'secondary_setup.py', displays popups through platform-specific APIs or commands.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and version info flow into environment checks and popup functions. The script writes a setup file and executes it via os.system, then deletes it. User input is indirectly involved via environment variables and possibly system commands.",
  "anomalies": "The script creates and executes a secondary setup script dynamically, which could be used to run arbitrary code. The secondary setup script installs a package named 'requestss3' with no functional purpose, suggesting possible typosquatting or malicious obfuscation. The code displays a warning popup and then installs an unrelated package, which could be an attempt to trick users or introduce malicious code via the secondary setup.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with environment and version checks, standard for compatibility enforcement. It defines a platform-specific popup function, which appears legitimate but could be used maliciously to display misleading messages. The CustomInstall class overrides the run method to display a warning popup and then proceeds with installation, during which it writes a secondary setup script that installs a package with a suspicious name ('requestss3'). Executing os.system with the secondary setup script could run arbitrary code, especially since the script is generated dynamically and then deleted, indicating potential obfuscation or malicious intent. The package metadata describes a non-functional demonstration package, which could be a cover for malicious activity. Overall, the code's pattern of dynamically creating and executing code, combined with a misleading package name, raises suspicion of supply chain abuse or malicious intent, although no explicit malicious commands (like network calls, data theft, or reverse shells) are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code exhibits behaviors characteristic of typosquatting and potentially malicious package installation techniques, notably the dynamic creation and execution of a secondary setup script that installs a suspicious package name. The warning popup may mislead users, and the script's structure suggests it could be used to run arbitrary code or deploy malicious packages. Overall, this code poses a security risk due to its covert code execution and suspicious package handling.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.5,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 4
}