{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions to translate Expression Language (EL) syntax into Jinja templating syntax, including parsing, transforming, and variable handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads EL expressions passed as strings to the 'translate' function, and tokenizes input during parsing with the Lark parser. It also reads tokens during translation and variable substitution.",
  "sinks": "The translation output is generated as a string, potentially injected into a Jinja template. The code replaces variables with params.get() calls, which could be exploited if user input controls the expressions. No other direct sinks like network or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input EL expressions → Parsed into AST → Translated via _translate_el and related functions → Final string output, with variables replaced by params.get()",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive string replacements and translations, but there are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets. It uses regex for variable substitution, which could potentially be manipulated if user-controlled input is passed directly, but no unsafe execution or code injection is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code's primary function is to parse EL expressions using the Lark library, convert operators, handle ternary expressions, functions, and variables, and output a Jinja-compatible string. It includes functions to convert CamelCase to snake_case, map EL operators to Python operators, and replace variable references with params.get(). The variable substitution logic in _convert_variables_to_params_get uses regex to match simple variable patterns but does not evaluate or execute untrusted code directly. No evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or system interference functions is present. The code relies on external libraries like 'lark' and custom 'evaluate_function' but does not invoke system commands, network calls, or file manipulations. It appears to be a benign translation utility, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a parsing and translation utility for converting EL syntax to Jinja templates. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware indicators. It performs variable substitution securely within its scope. The use of regex for variable matching is appropriate for its purpose and does not introduce malicious risks. Overall, the package appears to be a legitimate translation tool with no immediate security threats identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}