{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to translate Expression Language (EL) syntax into Jinja template syntax, providing a way to convert and evaluate EL expressions within Jinja templates.",
  "sources": "Reads input expression strings, tokenized by the Lark parser; accesses constants, functions, and potentially user-provided expressions.",
  "sinks": "Uses eval-like functions through 'evaluate_function' and string manipulations; accesses 'params' via 'params.get()'; potentially vulnerable if 'evaluate_function' executes arbitrary code.",
  "flows": "Input expression strings are parsed into an AST; specific tokens and nodes are translated to Python/Jinja equivalents; function calls and variable identifiers are mapped; constants and parameters are retrieved via 'params.get()'; finally, the translation is output, possibly with parameter wrapping.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no obfuscated constructs or hidden code; it relies on a dynamic parser and translation logic. 'evaluate_function' import is unspecified; if malicious, it could execute arbitrary code. The function '_convert_variables_to_params_get' modifies variable references to parameter lookups, which could be exploited if input is malicious. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code performs translation of EL expressions into Jinja syntax via parsing with Lark, token translation, and string substitutions. It employs regex for variable parameter substitution. The use of 'evaluate_function' raises potential security concerns if the function is malicious or untrusted, as it may execute arbitrary code. The '_translate_token' function converts tokens into Python-compatible syntax, and '_translate_el' handles expression conversion. The logic for converting variables to 'params.get()' enhances safety but could be misused if inputs are maliciously crafted. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or malicious payloads are present. Overall, the code appears to be a translation utility with potential risk dependent on 'evaluate_function' implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a translation utility converting EL syntax to Jinja templates. It uses dynamic parsing and string substitution without evident malicious intent. The only notable risk lies in the 'evaluate_function' import, which if compromised, could introduce malicious behavior. No signs of malware or malicious backdoors are detected. Security risk is low, but reliance on an external 'evaluate_function' warrants caution.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}