{
  "purpose": "Defines various security configuration classes for communication protocols, including SSL and different SASL authentication mechanisms.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for class constructors such as username, password, ssl_context, and use_ssl; potential environment variables or external configurations used to instantiate classes.",
  "sinks": "Methods that return security requirement schemas and configurations, which could be used in security negotiation but do not process untrusted data directly.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sources) are stored as object attributes and retrieved via methods that generate configuration schemas (sinks). No untrusted data flows into insecure sinks; schema generation is static or based on constructor inputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious code present. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or obfuscated code. The class structure appears straightforward and intended for configuration management.",
  "analysis": "The code provides security configuration classes with methods returning predefined or parameter-based security schemas. It does not include any code that reads or writes untrusted data, nor does it perform network operations or system modifications. No anomalies such as hidden backdoors, credential theft, or malicious data handling are evident. The design appears to be a standard pattern for configuration objects, with placeholder comments indicating potential future enhancements (e.g., moving to SecretStr). The use of type hints and optional SSL contexts aligns with best practices. Overall, the code is safe and purely for configuration purposes without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of configuration classes for security protocols, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It serves as a static configuration provider without external data processing or network activity. No suspicious or harmful elements are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}