{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a client library for interacting with an OAuth2-based authentication system and an API backend, possibly for user management and permission enforcement.",
  "sources": "Inputs include URL parameters, method arguments (such as code, username, password), environment variables (like client_id, client_secret, certificate), and data from HTTP responses.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests sent via aiohttp session, JWT decoding, and Base64 encoding of credentials. Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted input is included in requests or decoded tokens.",
  "flows": "Sensitive data (e.g., code, username, password) flows from method inputs into API request payloads. Tokens are obtained from token endpoint responses, then decoded to extract user info. Data flows from external inputs to API endpoints and token decoding processes.",
  "anomalies": "Use of hardcoded grant types and endpoints, no input validation on some parameters, inconsistent variable naming, and some code referencing undefined variables (e.g., 'self' in @property). The function 'kpWOIFxiSnkOdEaSkNTYrlWEDWchNRvl' constructs a user ID with a 'self' reference but outside class context. The class variables are set directly on the class rather than instance variables, which is unconventional and could be malicious if manipulated. There are also undefined variables like 'has_permission' in error messages.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly implements an OAuth2 client with methods for obtaining tokens via different flows, refreshing tokens, verifying JWTs, and enforcing permissions via API calls. It constructs authorization URLs, handles token exchange, and decodes JWTs with provided certificates. The use of environment variables for sensitive info is present but not explicit. The class maintains an HTTP session for API calls. There is no evidence of malicious data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. Some variable naming and class attribute assignments are unconventional but do not inherently indicate malicious intent. No suspicious network connections or crypto-mining activities are observed. The code is primarily a client library for API interaction and OAuth2 flows.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard OAuth2 client library with user management functions. No clear malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. Minor code quality issues and variable misuse are present but do not suggest malicious intent. Overall, the package seems to serve a legitimate purpose without malicious features.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}