{
  "purpose": "The code aims to translate error messages into a specified language, likely for localization or user interface display.",
  "sources": "Reads the 'error_language' configuration value from a config module and the input 'text' dictionary for translation.",
  "sinks": "Uses GoogleTranslator to perform translations, which may involve network calls to external services.",
  "flows": "Configuration value retrieval -> translation process (for each key-value pair in 'text') -> network requests to GoogleTranslator API.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no unusual code constructs; no obfuscated code present; the try-except block suppresses all exceptions without logging, which could hide errors. The use of repeated translation calls for each key-value pair may lead to unintended API usage or rate-limiting issues.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a translation library and a configuration module, then defines a class for translating error messages. It retrieves the target language from configuration, defaulting to 'en'. The 'translate' method iterates over input text, translating each key and its associated value separately via network calls to GoogleTranslator. The exception handling suppresses errors silently, which could hinder debugging but does not indicate malicious intent. There are no signs of malware such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized system access. The use of external translation services is standard for localization, though it can be a privacy concern if sensitive data is transmitted. Overall, the code appears benign with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is intended for translating error messages using an external API. There are no signs of malicious activity or sabotage. The main concern is the silent failure mode which can obscure errors but does not indicate malicious intent. No malicious behavior or malware signals are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}