{
  "purpose": "Translate error messages into a specified language using an external translation API.",
  "sources": "Configuration retrieval for 'error_language'; input dictionary 'text' keys and values.",
  "sinks": "External API calls to GoogleTranslator for each key and value; silent exception handling suppresses errors.",
  "flows": "Input text dict -> for each key: translate key and value via GoogleTranslator -> store in translated_obj -> return translated_obj or original text on exception.",
  "anomalies": "Repeated instantiation of GoogleTranslator inside loop; broad try-except block that silences all errors; get_translation_language() method unimplemented.",
  "analysis": "The code performs translation of error messages using the deep_translator library. It retrieves the target language from configuration, defaulting to English. Each key-value pair in the input dictionary is translated by creating new GoogleTranslator instances for each call, which is inefficient but not malicious. The broad exception handling suppresses errors silently, which could hide bugs but does not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscation, or suspicious network activity are present. External API usage is typical for localization. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration are detected. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, low risk 0.1-0.2) are consistent with the benign nature of the code. The main issues are inefficiency and silent error handling, not security risks. Overall, the code is a straightforward translation utility with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, performing standard translation tasks without malicious intent. No malware signals or obfuscation are present. The low risk scores are appropriate, with minor concerns about efficiency and error transparency. No modifications are necessary based on current analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}