{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of functions and classes for implementing and managing a jmespath expression language, including function registration, type checking, and various built-in functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads function decorators, method signatures, and class attributes for function registration. It also reads input arguments for function calls.",
  "sinks": "Function calls with user-provided arguments, particularly in functions like _func_map, _func_sort_by, _func_max_by, and _func_min_by, which process external data and could potentially be manipulated.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments through validation and type checks, into function logic (e.g., mapping, sorting, min/max), and possibly into data structures like dicts and lists.",
  "anomalies": "The code relies heavily on dynamic method registration and function invocation via get_methods, which could be exploited if maliciously modified. There is no evident hardcoded credentials or malicious backdoors. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution is present. The use of json.dumps with default=str could be misused if combined with malicious objects, but alone it's benign. No network operations or external system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a registry-based function system with type validation and dynamic method invocation, which is common in expression evaluators. The function registration via decorators is standard. The functions perform typical data manipulations (abs, avg, contains, length, sort, min, max, etc.). There are no network calls, system modifications, or hidden code. Dynamic method access is limited to methods following a naming pattern (_func_*), reducing risk. The code does not execute untrusted code or user input as code, and there are no obfuscated parts or malicious behavior evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard implementation of a function registry and expression evaluator with type validation. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage. Its design is typical for a library intended for safe data querying and manipulation. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}