{
  "purpose": "A JSON-based function registry and data manipulation library for a JSON query language, enabling dynamic function registration, type validation, and data processing functions such as abs, avg, min, max, etc.",
  "sources": "Input arguments to functions, data structures passed into functions, and the 'visit' method used within expression evaluation functions.",
  "sinks": "None directly; data flows are internal within the library, with no network, file, or system modifications observed.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into functions via arguments, passes through type validation, and then into data processing routines; in functions like _func_map and _func_sort_by, data is processed via 'visit' which evaluates expressions on data elements.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'visit' method without its implementation; potential concern if 'visit' executes untrusted code, but no malicious code or obfuscation is present; no hardcoded secrets or suspicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard, well-structured function registry with decorators, type validation, and a suite of data manipulation functions. It registers functions dynamically via method names starting with '_func_' and validates argument types against predefined mappings. The functions perform common data operations without external side effects. The 'visit' method, used in expression evaluation functions, is not shown; if it executes untrusted code, it could pose a risk, but within this context, it appears to be part of a controlled expression evaluator. No network activity, file I/O, or system modifications are present. The code does not contain obfuscation or malicious payloads. The overall security risk is low, with a malware score of 0, obfuscation score of 0, and a slight risk score (~0.2) due to reliance on 'visit' and dynamic evaluation, which could be exploited if misused. The code appears safe and suitable for supply chain deployment, assuming the 'visit' method is implemented securely.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, safe implementation of a JSON query utility with no evidence of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or supply chain sabotage. The main potential risk lies in the 'visit' method's implementation, which is not provided; if 'visit' executes untrusted code, it could introduce vulnerabilities. However, based on the provided code, no malicious activity is detected, and the security posture is strong. The scores are consistent with the code's structure and purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}