{
  "purpose": "This script performs DNS queries with various EDNS options to test or analyze DNS server responses.",
  "sources": "The code reads the domain names 'google.com' and 'ns1.isc.org' for DNS resolution, and fetches the external IP address via an HTTP request to 'https://ident.me'.",
  "targets": "The code constructs DNS query options, including EDNS options like NSID, COOKIE, and ECS, and sends these queries to the DNS server at 8.8.8.8. The results are printed to the console.",
  "flows": "Sources (domain names and external IP fetch) lead to DNS queries with crafted EDNS options sent to 8.8.8.8, with results displayed locally.",
  "anomalies": "The code fetches external IP address dynamically, which is typical but noteworthy for privacy. It uses EDNS options such as COOKIE and ECS, which are common in DNS diagnostics and do not inherently indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious network activity is observed. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The script constructs various DNS query configurations, including EDNS options like NSID, COOKIE, and ECS, then resolves specified domains using Google's DNS server. It dynamically obtains the external IP address via an HTTP request, which is then used in an ECS option. The DNS resolution process appears standard and intended for testing or diagnostic purposes. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command-and-control communication, or backdoors. The use of external IP fetch is benign and common in network scripts. The DNS queries are sent to a well-known public DNS server (8.8.8.8). No malicious code, suspicious network activity, or malicious intent is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign DNS diagnostic script that performs DNS queries with various EDNS options, including fetching the external IP address. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior, and poses no security risks based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}