{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for handling HTTP responses, constructing URLs, and downloading files, likely intended for use in data processing or API interactions.",
  "sources": "Reads data from HTTP responses (requests.get), environment variables/constants (imported constants), and function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes files to disk (open with 'wb'), and raises exceptions based on input validation. Uses requests library to fetch data from URLs.",
  "flows": "HTTP response status is checked, possibly followed by message extraction and exception raising; URL construction functions generate URLs based on inputs; file download streams data from URL to disk.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. The URL construction functions rely on constants and parameters, but these are typical. Exception handling is straightforward. The code uses dynamic string formatting but not obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution. Importing constants from a relative module without further context could be suspicious if constants contain sensitive info, but this cannot be confirmed.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly offers utility functions: one for handling HTTP errors and raising exceptions, one for building URLs based on parameters, and one for downloading files via streaming. The HTTP error handler checks for client/server errors and raises exceptions accordingly, with message extraction. URL functions assemble URLs from constants and parameters, with validation. File download function streams data into a file. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden malicious payloads. The code appears standard and focused on data handling and network operations. No suspicious code flows or anomalies detected that would suggest supply chain attacks or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears benign, serving as utility functions for network communication and URL construction. No malicious intent, backdoors, or suspicious behavior identified. It is a typical implementation of HTTP error handling, URL generation, and file download routines with no apparent security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}