{
  "purpose": "The script performs automated tests on a SPARQL endpoint using the SPARQLWrapper library, including various query formats, HTTP methods, and response types to verify correct functionality and handling.",
  "sources": "Sources of data include static SPARQL query strings, the endpoint URL, and the environment (e.g., imported modules). User input is not directly read from external sources; the queries are hardcoded within the script.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with the network through the endpoint URL, sending HTTP requests. Results are processed and converted into different formats, but no untrusted data is used in a way that could lead to injection or leakage. There are no explicit data leaks, file writes, or command executions based on untrusted input.",
  "flows": "The script constructs query strings, sets them in the SPARQLWrapper object, and sends requests to the remote endpoint via HTTP methods (GET, POST). Results are then parsed or converted. No user input influences query construction dynamically, reducing risk of injection.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code performs test calls to an external endpoint; however, the endpoint URL is static and publicly known. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. Some tests are skipped, but that alone is not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a comprehensive set of unit tests for a public SPARQL endpoint, using static queries. It does not read external untrusted data, nor does it perform any form of code execution or data leakage. Network interactions are limited to predefined queries and result processing. No suspicious behaviors such as backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious code are evident. The use of a known public endpoint and static queries suggests it is for testing or validation purposes, with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign testing suite for a public SPARQL endpoint, with no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It does not contain obfuscated code or hidden malicious functionalities. It is safe and does not pose supply chain threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}