{
  "purpose": "The script appears to be a test suite for the SPARQLWrapper library, executing various SPARQL queries against a specified endpoint to verify functionality and response formats.",
  "sources": "Reads data from the endpoint URL, query strings defined within the script, and potentially input parameters for query execution (though mostly hardcoded). It also reads test inputs from the test functions.",
  "sinks": "Outputs results to stdout (error messages), and converts query results into various formats, but does not write or send untrusted data outside of the network requests; the network requests send predefined queries and headers.",
  "flows": "The code flows from setting up the environment and importing libraries, through executing SPARQL queries via the wrapper, handling exceptions, and processing responses. Data flows from the hardcoded queries to the network (HTTP requests), with responses processed and validated within test assertions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets; no dynamic execution, obfuscated code, or code injection points identified. The code primarily performs controlled testing of external endpoints. No backdoors or privacy violations are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for the SPARQLWrapper library, executing various SPARQL queries against a public endpoint. It uses standard library imports and well-known testing patterns. Network requests are made with predefined, static queries and expected response formats. There are several skipped tests indicating limitations or issues with the underlying service, but no signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or data leaks. The code does not execute or incorporate any untrusted input, nor does it perform any unexpected or harmful operations.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign, well-structured test suite aimed at verifying the functionality of SPARQL queries and response handling. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. The presence of skipped tests relates to external endpoint limitations rather than malicious intent. Overall, the script appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}