{
  "purpose": "Implementations of Vincenty's algorithms for calculating ground distance, azimuths, and point reckoning on an ellipsoid, used for geodesic calculations in geographic information systems.",
  "sources": "Input parameters: Lat1, Lon1, Lat2, Lon2, Rng, Azim, and ell; data reading occurs through function arguments. Data transformations occur through trigonometric and mathematical functions.",
  "sinks": "Computed outputs: distances, azimuths, and geographic coordinates. No use of untrusted data in security-sensitive functions such as network, file I/O, or environment variables.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> mathematical computations and iterations (Vincenty's algorithm) -> output of distances, azimuths, and coordinates.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated or misleading code structures. Warnings are used for convergence issues, but no backdoors, system commands, or data exfiltration routines are present. No dynamic code execution or external data loading is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly performs geodesic calculations based on Vincenty's formulas, involving iterative convergence to compute distances and positions. It handles special cases like poles and antipodal points carefully. No signs of malicious activity such as network access, data leakage, or sabotage routines. Use of warnings for convergence issues is standard. The code uses standard mathematical functions and well-defined input/output without external system calls or insecure practices. No obfuscated or hidden behavior is present; the logic is transparent and mathematical.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of Vincenty's geodesic algorithms for distance and position calculations. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It is safe for use in geospatial applications. The code is well-structured, with appropriate handling of special cases and convergence issues. No signs of malware or security vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}