{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Python project builder following PEP 517, managing build dependencies, parsing pyproject.toml, and invoking build backends.",
  "sources": "Reads 'pyproject.toml' file, environment variables, user-specified directories, and subprocess commands via the runner.",
  "sinks": "Subprocess commands executed through the runner, file operations such as creating directories and extracting zip files, and warnings.",
  "flows": "Reads pyproject.toml -> Validates build system info -> Calls backend hooks -> Potentially executes subprocess commands for build -> Extracts wheel files.",
  "anomalies": "Uses subprocess calls which could be misused if runner is compromised; however, the default implementation appears safe. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors identified. The code dynamically invokes backend hooks and subprocesses, which are standard but pose risk if the runner is malicious. No obfuscated or misleading code detected. No suspicious network activity or data leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles parsing configuration files, validating directories, and invoking build backend hooks via subprocess. It uses a configurable runner, which could be a security concern if compromised, but defaults are safe. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The subprocess wrapper is straightforward and limited to invoking build commands. File operations like extracting wheel files are standard and controlled. No external network activity, code injection, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. Overall, the code appears to follow secure patterns with no malicious intent, relying on safe defaults and proper validation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a PEP 517 build backend handler with no evident malicious behavior. The use of subprocess commands warrants careful validation of the runner in untrusted environments, but the default implementation is safe. No malware signals detected. Security risk is minimal but depends on the trustworthiness of external runners.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}