{
  "purpose": "This code provides JWT token management functions for user authentication, including password hashing, token creation, decoding, validation, and refresh token handling within a FastAPI application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from HTTP headers (bearer tokens), input parameters (user_id, data), environment variables (secret_key), and dependencies injected via FastAPI Depends.",
  "sinks": "The code decodes and encodes JWT tokens, verifying their signatures, and interacts with a database through the auth_functions to update or validate refresh tokens. It also returns tokens as strings and raises HTTP exceptions.",
  "flows": "JWT tokens are created with user data and expiration, then sent to clients. Incoming tokens are extracted from HTTP headers, decoded, and validated. Refresh tokens are stored and checked in the database for validity.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden code present. Use of standard JWT library functions is typical. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution. No data leaks or external network communications observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard JWT token handling using the 'jwt' library, with password hashing via passlib. It uses dependency injection for token retrieval and validation. All data processing appears typical for an authentication module. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The token management logic, including refresh tokens and expiration handling, follows common secure practices. There are no suspicious hardcoded secrets; secrets are expected to be provided externally. The code relies on external dependencies but does not invoke any unsafe or untrusted code execution.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured JWT authentication utility with no indications of malicious intent. It handles tokens and passwords securely within expected parameters. No malicious behavior or sabotage detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}