{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for authenticating with Google APIs using various OAuth2 and API key methods, facilitating access to Google Sheets and Drive data.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (e.g., 'APPDATA'), local JSON credential files, in-memory dictionaries for credentials, and parameters passed to functions.",
  "sinks": "Creation of OAuth credentials, loading/storing credentials JSON files, and instantiation of the Client object with these credentials.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and local files provide credentials (sources); these are used to generate OAuth credentials or API key credentials (sinks); credential objects are then used to instantiate the Client, enabling API interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded sensitive credentials or secrets are present. The code uses standard libraries for OAuth flows and credential management. No suspicious network calls, backdoors, or malicious behavior detected. The functions are designed for legitimate OAuth authentication workflows. No obfuscated code, misleading variables, or hidden dynamic execution identified.",
  "analysis": "The script mainly defines functions for credential management and OAuth flow handling, including loading, storing, and using OAuth credentials or API keys. It uses standard Google authentication libraries and adheres to typical OAuth procedures. No malicious data leaks, unauthorized system access, or malicious network activity are apparent. The only potential concern would be if the credentials files are compromised or misused, but this is a typical security risk inherent in credential handling, not specific to malicious code. The code does not perform any actions beyond legitimate credential management and API client instantiation. No suspicious or malicious patterns found.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements standard and safe OAuth credential handling for Google API access. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage elements. All observed patterns are typical for authentication workflows. No malware or malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}