{
  "purpose": "This code defines utility functions and data models for creating and printing tool definitions, primarily using Pydantic models and introspection for function signatures. It aims to generate structured metadata for functions, including schemas and descriptions.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (IVCAP_SERVICE_NAME, IVCAP_SERVICE_ID), function signatures, docstrings, and Pydantic model schemas. It also accesses function annotations and default values for generating descriptions.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any explicit sinks that handle untrusted data leading to data leakage or harmful actions. It only outputs JSON representations of internal models, which are derived from trusted sources like environment variables and function definitions.",
  "flows": "Environment variables are used to set service identifiers; function annotations and docstrings are processed to generate descriptions; the data flows into the creation of structured metadata (ToolDefinition), which is then dumped as JSON.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code relies on environment variables that could potentially be manipulated, but their usage appears standard for configuration. No malicious behaviors such as network connections, data exfiltration, or code execution are present. The code is complex but structurally consistent with documentation and introspection utilities.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard libraries and third-party Pydantic modules for schema modeling. It uses environment variables to determine service names and IDs, which is typical configuration behavior. Function introspection and schema extraction are used to generate descriptive signatures and documentation. There are no code injection points, network operations, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The functions focus on metadata generation, and all data manipulations are internal and controlled. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are evident. The reliance on environment variables is typical for configurable systems, and the overall structure aligns with documentation and schema generation tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility for generating tool metadata based on function introspection and schema extraction. It does not contain any malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. Its purpose appears to be legitimate documentation and schema generation within a larger system. No security risks or malware indications are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}