{
  "purpose": "Type annotations and client interface for interacting with AWS re:Post Private service via boto3, including method signatures and exception handling.",
  "sources": "Import statements for sys, typing, botocore, and internal modules; method definitions with kwargs unpacking; property and method implementations.",
  "sinks": "generate_presigned_url method (potential URL generation), all methods accepting kwargs that could contain untrusted data, and the exception class properties.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data (kwargs) flow into method calls such as generate_presigned_url, tag_resource, untag_resource, and other API methods, which could potentially be exploited if the data were malicious. The generate_presigned_url outputs a URL, which could be malicious if the URL is manipulated.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The code appears to be a typical boto3 client stub with type annotations. There is no dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or hidden behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a client class for AWS re:Post Private service with method signatures that align with boto3's pattern. It imports and uses standard typing and botocore components. No actual logic or data handling is implemented beyond method signatures and type annotations. The generate_presigned_url method could potentially be used maliciously if supplied with malicious ClientMethod or Params, but this is standard AWS SDK behavior. The exception class properties are just type annotations without actual logic. No hardcoded secrets or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard boto3 client stub with comprehensive type annotations for the AWS re:Post Private service. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. It mainly provides type hints and method signatures, with no executable logic or data handling that could be exploited.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}