{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and classes for handling paginated API data, progress reporting, and stream management in a safe and structured manner.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from API responses (endpoint.call_with_http_info, response.data), and streams via io.RawIOBase (stream.read, stream.seek, stream.tell).",
  "sinks": "Potential sink points include json.loads(response.data), stream.read, stream.seek, and the custom progress reporting functions that update progress based on stream data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from API responses into json parsing or results extension; stream data flows into progress updates via read and seek; progress updates influence progress reporter state.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors. Warnings are issued when deprecating progress reporter classes. No obfuscation or malicious constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of utility functions and classes for paginated API data collection, progress reporting, stream handling, and response status validation. The get_paginated_collection function aggregates API results with proper pagination. The progress reporter classes manage progress bars with tqdm, including deprecated and deferred implementations. The StreamWithProgress class wraps a stream to update progress during reads and seeks. The expect_status function validates HTTP responses against expected status codes, raising exceptions on errors. No code performs malicious actions such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system harm. No suspicious hardcoded secrets or obfuscated patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility modules for API data handling and progress reporting with no malicious intent. It includes deprecation warnings but no signs of malware or security risks. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}